→ principal graphs and manifolds ; in many physical , statistical , biological and other investigations it is desirable to approximate a system of points by objects of lower dimension and / or complexity . for this purpose , karl pearson invented principal component analysis in 1901 and found ' lines and planes of closest fit to system of points '. the famous k - means algorithm solves the approximation problem too , but by finite sets instead of lines and planes . this chapter gives a brief practical introduction into t ←
→ norm - based capacity control in neural networks ; we investigate the capacity , convexity and characterization of a general family of norm - constrained feed - forward networks .←
→ proceedings of nips 2017 workshop on machine learning for the developing world ; this is the proceedings of nips 2017 workshop on machine learning for the developing world , held in long beach , california , usa on december 8 , 2017 ←
→ compositional model repositories via dynamic constraint satisfaction with order - of - magnitude preferences ; the predominant knowledge - based approach to automated model construction , compositional modelling , employs a set of models of particular functional components . its inference mechanism takes a scenario describing the constituent interacting components of a system and translates it into a useful mathematical model . this paper presents a novel compositional modelling approach aimed at building model rep ←
→ causal conclusions that flip repeatedly and their justification ; over the past two decades , several consistent procedures have been designed to infer causal conclusions from observational data . we prove that if the true causal network might be an arbitrary , linear gaussian network or a discrete bayes network , then every unambiguous causal conclusion produced by a consistent method from non - experimental data is subject to reversal as the sample size increases any finite number of times . that result , called ←
→ random feature maps via a layered random projection ( larp ) framework for object classification ; the approximation of nonlinear kernels via linear feature maps has recently gained interest due to their applications in reducing the training and testing time of kernel - based learning algorithms . current random projection methods avoid the curse of dimensionality by embedding the nonlinear feature space into a low dimensional euclidean space to create nonlinear kernels . we introduce a layered random projectio ←
→ a novel approach towards clustering based image segmentation ; in computer vision , image segmentation is always selected as a major research topic by researchers . due to its vital rule in image processing , there always arises the need of a better image segmentation method . clustering is an unsupervised study with its application in almost every field of science and engineering . many researchers used clustering in image segmentation process . but still there requires improvement of such approaches . in this pa ←
→ whodunnit ? crime drama as a case for natural language understanding ; in this paper we argue that crime drama exemplified in television programs such as csi : crime scene investigation is an ideal testbed for approximating real - world natural language understanding and the complex inferences associated with it . we propose to treat crime drama as a new inference task , capitalizing on the fact that each episode poses the same basic question ( i . e ., who committed the crime ) and naturally provides the answer when t ←
→ replica exchange using q - gaussian swarm quantum particle intelligence method ; we present a newly developed replica exchange algorithm using q - gaussian swarm quantum particle optimization ( rex @ q - gsqpo ) method for solving the problem of finding the global optimum . the basis of the algorithm is to run multiple copies of independent swarms at different values of q parameter . based on an energy criterion , chosen to satisfy the detailed balance , we are swapping the particle coordinates of neighboring swarms a ←
→ measuring interesting rules in characteristic rule ; finding interesting rule in the sixth strategy step about threshold control on generalized relations in attribute oriented induction , there is possibility to select candidate attribute for further generalization and merging of identical tuples until the number of tuples is no greater than the threshold value , as implemented in basic attribute oriented induction algorithm . at this strategy step there is possibility the number of tuples in final generalizat ←
→ socially - informed timeline generation for complex events ; existing timeline generation systems for complex events consider only information from traditional media , ignoring the rich social context provided by user - generated content that reveals representative public interests or insightful opinions . we instead aim to generate socially - informed timelines that contain both news article summaries and selected user comments . we present an optimization framework designed to balance topical cohesion between the ←
→ an evaluation of support vector machines as a pattern recognition tool ; the purpose of this report is in examining the generalization performance of support vector machines ( svm ) as a tool for pattern recognition and object classification . the work is motivated by the growing popularity of the method that is claimed to guarantee a good generalization performance for the task in hand . the method is implemented in matlab . svms based on various kernels are tested for classifying data from various domains .←
→ integrating case - based and rule - based reasoning : the possibilistic connection ; rule based reasoning ( rbr ) and case based reasoning ( cbr ) have emerged as two important and complementary reasoning methodologies in artificial intelligence ( al ). for problem solving in complex , real world situations , it is useful to integrate rbr and cbr . this paper presents an approach to achieve a compact and seamless integration of rbr and cbr within the base architecture of rules . the paper focuses on the possibilistic na ←
→ automated fabric defect inspection : a survey of classifiers ; quality control at each stage of production in textile industry has become a key factor to retaining the existence in the highly competitive global market . problems of manual fabric defect inspection are lack of accuracy and high time consumption , where early and accurate fabric defect detection is a significant phase of quality control . computer vision based , i . e . automated fabric defect inspection systems are thought by many researchers of diff ←
→ simultaneous feature and body - part learning for real - time robot awareness of human behaviors ; robot awareness of human actions is an essential research problem in robotics with many important real - world applications , including human - robot collaboration and teaming . over the past few years , depth sensors have become a standard device widely used by intelligent robots for 3d perception , which can also offer human skeletal data in 3d space . several methods based on skeletal data were designed to enable robo ←
→ saga : a submodular greedy algorithm for group recommendation ; in this paper , we propose a unified framework and an algorithm for the problem of group recommendation where a fixed number of items or alternatives can be recommended to a group of users . the problem of group recommendation arises naturally in many real world contexts , and is closely related to the budgeted social choice problem studied in economics . we frame the group recommendation problem as choosing a subgraph with the largest group consens ←
→ defensive player classification in the national basketball association ; the national basketball association ( nba ) has expanded their data gathering and have heavily invested in new technologies to gather advanced performance metrics on players . this expanded data set allows analysts to use unique performance metrics in models to estimate and classify player performance . instead of grouping players together based on physical attributes and positions played , analysts can group together players that play simil ←
→ stagewise learning for sparse clustering of discretely - valued data ; the performance of em in learning mixtures of product distributions often depends on the initialization . this can be problematic in crowdsourcing and other applications , e . g . when a small number of ' experts ' are diluted by a large number of noisy , unreliable participants . we develop a new em algorithm that is driven by these experts . in a manner that differs from other approaches , we start from a single mixture class . the algorithm then de ←
→ rank selection of cp - decomposed convolutional layers with variational bayesian matrix factorization ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) is one of successful method in many areas such as image classification tasks . however , the amount of memory and computational cost needed for cnns inference obstructs them to run efficiently in mobile devices because of memory and computational ability limitation . one of the method to compress cnns is compressing the layers iteratively , i . e . by layer - by - layer compressi ←
→ knowing when to look : adaptive attention via a visual sentinel for image captioning ; attention - based neural encoder - decoder frameworks have been widely adopted for image captioning . most methods force visual attention to be active for every generated word . however , the decoder likely requires little to no visual information from the image to predict non - visual words such as " the " and " of ". other words that may seem visual can often be predicted reliably just from the language model e . g ., " sign " after " be ←
→ why do deep neural networks still not recognize these images ?: a qualitative analysis on failure cases of imagenet classification ; in a recent decade , imagenet has become the most notable and powerful benchmark database in computer vision and machine learning community . as imagenet has emerged as a representative benchmark for evaluating the performance of novel deep learning models , its evaluation tends to include only quantitative measures such as error rate , rather than qualitative analysis . thus , the ←
→ sustainable cooperative coevolution with a multi - armed bandit ; this paper proposes a self - adaptation mechanism to manage the resources allocated to the different species comprising a cooperative coevolutionary algorithm . the proposed approach relies on a dynamic extension to the well - known multi - armed bandit framework . at each iteration , the dynamic multi - armed bandit makes a decision on which species to evolve for a generation , using the history of progress made by the different species to guide the decis ←
→ virtual sensor modelling using neural networks with coefficient - based adaptive weights and biases search algorithm for diesel engines ; with the explosion in the field of big data and introduction of more stringent emission norms every three to five years , automotive companies must not only continue to enhance the fuel economy ratings of their products , but also provide valued services to their customers such as delivering engine performance and health reports at regular intervals . a reasonable solution t ←
→ compacting the penn treebank grammar ; treebanks , such as the penn treebank ( ptb ), offer a simple approach to obtaining a broad coverage grammar : one can simply read the grammar off the parse trees in the treebank . while such a grammar is easy to obtain , a square - root rate of growth of the rule set with corpus size suggests that the derived grammar is far from complete and that much more treebanked text would be required to obtain a complete grammar , if one exists at some limit . however , we offer an alterna ←
→ mapping distributional to model - theoretic semantic spaces : a baseline ; word embeddings have been shown to be useful across state - of - the - art systems in many natural language processing tasks , ranging from question answering systems to dependency parsing . ( herbelot and vecchi , 2015 ) explored word embeddings and their utility for modeling language semantics . in particular , they presented an approach to automatically map a standard distributional semantic space onto a set - theoretic model using partial least sq ←
→ cdc : convolutional - de - convolutional networks for precise temporal action localization in untrimmed videos ; temporal action localization is an important yet challenging problem . given a long , untrimmed video consisting of multiple action instances and complex background contents , we need not only to recognize their action categories , but also to localize the start time and end time of each instance . many state - of - the - art systems use segment - level classifiers to select and rank proposal segments of pre - det ←
→ curl : co - trained unsupervised representation learning for image classification ; in this paper we propose a strategy for semi - supervised image classification that leverages unsupervised representation learning and co - training . the strategy , that is called curl from co - trained unsupervised representation learning , iteratively builds two classifiers on two different views of the data . the two views correspond to different representations learned from both labeled and unlabeled data and differ in the fusion ←
→ dcfnet : deep neural network with decomposed convolutional filters ; filters in a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) contain model parameters learned from enormous amounts of data . in this paper , we suggest to decompose convolutional filters in cnn as a truncated expansion with pre - fixed bases , namely the decomposed convolutional filters network ( dcfnet ), where the expansion coefficients remain learned from data . such a structure not only reduces the number of trainable parameters and computation , but also i ←
→ fusarium damaged kernels detection using transfer learning on deep neural network architecture ; the present work shows the application of transfer learning for a pre - trained deep neural network ( dnn ), using a small image dataset ($\ approx $ 12 , 000 ) on a single workstation with enabled nvidia gpu card that takes up to 1 hour to complete the training task and archive an overall average accuracy of $ 94 . 7 \%$. the dnn presents a $ 20 \%$ score of misclassification for an external test dataset . the accuracy of th ←
→ adaptive active queue management controller for tcp communication networks using pso - rbf models ; addressing performance degradations in end - to - end congestion control has been one of the most active research areas in the last decade . active queue management ( aqm ) aims to improve the overall network throughput , while providing lower delay and reduce packet loss and improving network . the basic idea is to actively trigger packet dropping ( or marking provided by explicit congestion notification ( ecn )) before ←
→ dynamic capitalization and visualization strategy in collaborative knowledge management system for ei process ; knowledge is attributed to human whose problem - solving behavior is subjective and complex . in today ' s knowledge economy , the need to manage knowledge produced by a community of actors cannot be overemphasized . this is due to the fact that actors possess some level of tacit knowledge which is generally difficult to articulate . problem - solving requires searching and sharing of knowledge among a gr ←
→ transfer deep learning for low - resource chinese word segmentation with a novel neural network ; recent studies have shown effectiveness in using neural networks for chinese word segmentation . however , these models rely on large - scale data and are less effective for low - resource datasets because of insufficient training data . we propose a transfer learning method to improve low - resource word segmentation by leveraging high - resource corpora . first , we train a teacher model on high - resource corpora and then ←
→ learning convolutional neural network to maximize pos @ top performance measure ; in the machine learning problems , the performance measure is used to evaluate the machine learning models . recently , the number positive data points ranked at the top positions ( pos @ top ) has been a popular performance measure in the machine learning community . in this paper , we propose to learn a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) model to maximize the pos @ top performance measure . the cnn model is used to represent the multi - i ←
→ semi - supervised k - means ++ ; traditionally , practitioners initialize the {\ tt k - means } algorithm with centers chosen uniformly at random . randomized initialization with uneven weights ({\ tt k - means ++}) has recently been used to improve the performance over this strategy in cost and run - time . we consider the k - means problem with semi - supervised information , where some of the data are pre - labeled , and we seek to label the rest according to the minimum cost solution . by extending the {\ tt k - means ++} algorithm a ←
→ possibilistic decreasing persistence ; a key issue in the handling of temporal data is the treatment of persistence ; in most approaches it consists in inferring defeasible confusions by extrapolating from the actual knowledge of the history of the world ; we propose here a gradual modelling of persistence , following the idea that persistence is decreasing ( the further we are from the last time point where a fluent is known to be true , the less certainly true the fluent is ); it is based on possibility theory ,←
→ approximate query matching for image retrieval ; traditional image recognition involves identifying the key object in a portrait - type image with a single object focus ( ilsvrc , alexnet , and vgg ). more recent approaches consider dense image recognition - segmenting an image with appropriate bounding boxes and performing image recognition within these bounding boxes ( semantic segmentation ). the visual genome dataset [ 5 ] is an attempt to bridge these various approaches to a cohesive dataset for each subtask - b ←
→ learning what data to learn ; machine learning is essentially the sciences of playing with data . an adaptive data selection strategy , enabling to dynamically choose different data at various training stages , can reach a more effective model in a more efficient way . in this paper , we propose a deep reinforcement learning framework , which we call \ emph {\ textbf { n } eural \ textbf { d } ata \ textbf { f } ilter } (\ textbf { ndf }), to explore automatic and adaptive data selection in the training process . in particular , ndf tak ←
→ beta processes , stick - breaking , and power laws ; the beta - bernoulli process provides a bayesian nonparametric prior for models involving collections of binary - valued features . a draw from the beta process yields an infinite collection of probabilities in the unit interval , and a draw from the bernoulli process turns these into binary - valued features . recent work has provided stick - breaking representations for the beta process analogous to the well - known stick - breaking representation for the dirichlet proces ←
→ visualization and analysis of frames in collections of messages : content analysis and the measurement of meaning ; a step - to - step introduction is provided on how to generate a semantic map from a collection of messages ( full texts , paragraphs or statements ) using freely available software and / or spss for the relevant statistics and the visualization . the techniques are discussed in the various theoretical contexts of ( i ) linguistics ( e . g ., latent semantic analysis ), ( ii ) sociocybernetics and social system ←
→ what have we learned from deep representations for action recognition ? ; as the success of deep models has led to their deployment in all areas of computer vision , it is increasingly important to understand how these representations work and what they are capturing . in this paper , we shed light on deep spatiotemporal representations by visualizing what two - stream models have learned in order to recognize actions in video . we show that local detectors for appearance and motion objects arise to form distribut ←
→ recognition of visually perceived compositional human actions by multiple spatio - temporal scales recurrent neural networks ; the current paper proposes a novel neural network model for recognizing visually perceived human actions . the proposed multiple spatio - temporal scales recurrent neural network ( mstrnn ) model is derived by introducing multiple timescale recurrent dynamics to the conventional convolutional neural network model . one of the essential characteristics of the mstrnn is that its architectur ←
→ learning about spanish dialects through twitter ; this paper maps the large - scale variation of the spanish language by employing a corpus based on geographically tagged twitter messages . lexical dialects are extracted from an analysis of variants of tens of concepts . the resulting maps show linguistic variation on an unprecedented scale across the globe . we discuss the properties of the main dialects within a machine learning approach and find that varieties spoken in urban areas have an international chara ←
→ are minds computable ? ; this essay explores the limits of turing machines concerning the modeling of minds and suggests alternatives to go beyond those limits .←
→ imagenet large scale visual recognition challenge ; the imagenet large scale visual recognition challenge is a benchmark in object category classification and detection on hundreds of object categories and millions of images . the challenge has been run annually from 2010 to present , attracting participation from more than fifty institutions . this paper describes the creation of this benchmark dataset and the advances in object recognition that have been possible as a result . we discuss the challenges of c ←
→ tag clouds for displaying semantics : the case of filmscripts ; we relate tag clouds to other forms of visualization , including planar or reduced dimensionality mapping , and kohonen self - organizing maps . using a modified tag cloud visualization , we incorporate other information into it , including text sequence and most pertinent words . our notion of word pertinence goes beyond just word frequency and instead takes a word in a mathematical sense as located at the average of all of its pairwise relationships . ←
→ dominant sets for " constrained " image segmentation ; image segmentation has come a long way since the early days of computer vision , and still remains a challenging task . modern variations of the classical ( purely bottom - up ) approach , involve , e . g ., some form of user assistance ( interactive segmentation ) or ask for the simultaneous segmentation of two or more images ( co - segmentation ). at an abstract level , all these variants can be thought of as " constrained " versions of the original formulation , whereby th ←
→ semi - supervised learning with the deep rendering mixture model ; semi - supervised learning algorithms reduce the high cost of acquiring labeled training data by using both labeled and unlabeled data during learning . deep convolutional networks ( dcns ) have achieved great success in supervised tasks and as such have been widely employed in the semi - supervised learning . in this paper we leverage the recently developed deep rendering mixture model ( drmm ), a probabilistic generative model that models latent nuisa ←
→ tracking algorithm for microscopic flow data collection ; various methods to automate traffic data collection have recently been developed by many researchers . a macroscopic data collection through image processing has been proposed . for microscopic traffic flow data , such as individual speed and time or distance headway , tracking of individual movement is needed . the tracking algorithms for pedestrian or vehicle have been developed to trace the movement of one or two pedestrians based on sign pattern , and ←
→ approximating continuous functions by relu nets of minimal width ; this article concerns the expressive power of depth in deep feed - forward neural nets with relu activations . specifically , we answer the following question : for a fixed $ d_ { in }\ geq 1 ,$ what is the minimal width $ w $ so that neural nets with relu activations , input dimension $ d_ { in }$, hidden layer widths at most $ w ,$ and arbitrary depth can approximate any continuous , real - valued function of $ d_ { in }$ variables arbitrarily well ? it turns out tha ←
→ planning with information - processing constraints and model uncertainty in markov decision processes ; information - theoretic principles for learning and acting have been proposed to solve particular classes of markov decision problems . mathematically , such approaches are governed by a variational free energy principle and allow solving mdp planning problems with information - processing constraints expressed in terms of a kullback - leibler divergence with respect to a reference distribution . here we consider ←
→ logarithmic time online multiclass prediction ; we study the problem of multiclass classification with an extremely large number of classes ( k ), with the goal of obtaining train and test time complexity logarithmic in the number of classes . we develop top - down tree construction approaches for constructing logarithmic depth trees . on the theoretical front , we formulate a new objective function , which is optimized at each node of the tree and creates dynamic partitions of the data which are both pure ( in term ←
→ hardware - amenable structural learning for spike - based pattern classification using a simple model of active dendrites ; this paper presents a spike - based model which employs neurons with functionally distinct dendritic compartments for classifying high dimensional binary patterns . the synaptic inputs arriving on each dendritic subunit are nonlinearly processed before being linearly integrated at the soma , giving the neuron a capacity to perform a large number of input - output mappings . the model utilizes s ←
→ exact sparse recovery with l0 projections ; many applications concern sparse signals , for example , detecting anomalies from the differences between consecutive images taken by surveillance cameras . this paper focuses on the problem of recovering a k - sparse signal x in n dimensions . in the mainstream framework of compressed sensing ( cs ), the vector x is recovered from m non - adaptive linear measurements y = xs , where s ( of size n x m ) is typically a gaussian ( or gaussian - like ) design matrix , through some opti ←
→ generalized two - dimensional linear discriminant analysis with regularization ; recent advances show that two - dimensional linear discriminant analysis ( 2dlda ) is a successful matrix based dimensionality reduction method . however , 2dlda may encounter the singularity issue theoretically and the sensitivity to outliers . in this paper , a generalized lp - norm 2dlda framework with regularization for an arbitrary $ p > 0 $ is proposed , named g2dlda . there are mainly two contributions of g2dlda : one is g2dlda model use ←
→ on hashing - based approaches to approximate dnf - counting ; propositional model counting is a fundamental problem in artificial intelligence with a wide variety of applications , such as probabilistic inference , decision making under uncertainty , and probabilistic databases . consequently , the problem is of theoretical as well as practical interest . when the constraints are expressed as dnf formulas , monte carlo - based techniques have been shown to provide a fully polynomial randomized approximation scheme ( fpra ←
→ ag - dependent ( in silico ) approach implies a deterministic kinetics for homeostatic memory cell turnover ; verhulst - like mathematical modeling has been used to investigate several complex biological issues , such as immune memory equilibrium and cell - mediated immunity in mammals . the regulation mechanisms of both these processes are still not sufficiently understood . in a recent paper , choo et al . [ j . immunol ., v . 185 , pp . 3436 - 44 , 2010 ], used an ag - independent approach to quantitatively analyze memory cell ←
→ fairness in criminal justice risk assessments : the state of the art ; objectives : discussions of fairness in criminal justice risk assessments typically lack conceptual precision . rhetoric too often substitutes for careful analysis . in this paper , we seek to clarify the tradeoffs between different kinds of fairness and between fairness and accuracy . methods : we draw on the existing literatures in criminology , computer science and statistics to provide an integrated examination of fairness and accuracy in ←
→ a linear approximation to the chi ^ 2 kernel with geometric convergence ; we propose a new analytical approximation to the $\ chi ^ 2 $ kernel that converges geometrically . the analytical approximation is derived with elementary methods and adapts to the input distribution for optimal convergence rate . experiments show the new approximation leads to improved performance in image classification and semantic segmentation tasks using a random fourier feature approximation of the $\ exp -\ chi ^ 2 $ kernel . besides , out - of ←
→ efficient and robust calibration of the heston option pricing model for american options using an improved cuckoo search algorithm ; in this paper an improved cuckoo search algorithm is developed to allow for an efficient and robust calibration of the heston option pricing model for american options . calibration of stochastic volatility models like the heston is significantly harder than classical option pricing models as more parameters have to be estimated . the difficult task of calibrating one of these ←
→ on some provably correct cases of variational inference for topic models ; variational inference is a very efficient and popular heuristic used in various forms in the context of latent variable models . it ' s closely related to expectation maximization ( em ), and is applied when exact em is computationally infeasible . despite being immensely popular , current theoretical understanding of the effectiveness of variaitonal inference based algorithms is very limited . in this work we provide the first analysis of i ←
→ hybrid forecasting of chaotic processes : using machine learning in conjunction with a knowledge - based model ; a model - based approach to forecasting chaotic dynamical systems utilizes knowledge of the physical processes governing the dynamics to build an approximate mathematical model of the system . in contrast , machine learning techniques have demonstrated promising results for forecasting chaotic systems purely from past time series measurements of system state variables ( training data ), without prior kn ←
→ heuristic search value iteration for pomdps ; we present a novel pomdp planning algorithm called heuristic search value iteration ( hsvi ). hsvi is an anytime algorithm that returns a policy and a provable bound on its regret with respect to the optimal policy . hsvi gets its power by combining two well - known techniques : attention - focusing search heuristics and piecewise linear convex representations of the value function . hsvi ' s soundness and convergence have been proven . on some benchmark problems from the li ←
→ guided filter based edge - preserving image non - blind deconvolution ; in this work , we propose a new approach for efficient edge - preserving image deconvolution . our algorithm is based on a novel type of explicit image filter - guided filter . the guided filter can be used as an edge - preserving smoothing operator like the popular bilateral filter , but has better behaviors near edges . we propose an efficient iterative algorithm with the decouple of deblurring and denoising steps in the restoration process . in de ←
→ vision - guided robot hearing ; natural human - robot interaction in complex and unpredictable environments is one of the main research lines in robotics . in typical real - world scenarios , humans are at some distance from the robot and the acquired signals are strongly impaired by noise , reverberations and other interfering sources . in this context , the detection and localisation of speakers plays a key role since it is the pillar on which several tasks ( e . g .: speech recognition and speaker tracking ) rely . we ad ←
→ incremental lstm - based dialog state tracker ; a dialog state tracker is an important component in modern spoken dialog systems . we present an incremental dialog state tracker , based on lstm networks . it directly uses automatic speech recognition hypotheses to track the state . we also present the key non - standard aspects of the model that bring its performance close to the state - of - the - art and experimentally analyze their contribution : including the asr confidence scores , abstracting scarcely represented val ←
→ a model for fine - grained alignment of multilingual texts ; while alignment of texts on the sentential level is often seen as being too coarse , and word alignment as being too fine - grained , bi - or multilingual texts which are aligned on a level in - between are a useful resource for many purposes . starting from a number of examples of non - literal translations , which tend to make alignment difficult , we describe an alignment model which copes with these cases by explicitly coding them . the model is based on pre ←
→ homogeneity of cluster ensembles ; the expectation and the mean of partitions generated by a cluster ensemble are not unique in general . this issue poses challenges in statistical inference and cluster stability . in this contribution , we state sufficient conditions for uniqueness of expectation and mean . the proposed conditions show that a unique mean is neither exceptional nor generic . to cope with this issue , we introduce homogeneity as a measure of how likely is a unique mean for a sample of partitions . ←
→ arguments for nested patterns in neural ensembles ; this paper describes a relatively simple way of allowing a brain model to self - organise its concept patterns through nested structures . time is a key element and a simulator would be able to show how patterns may form and then fire in sequence , as part of a search or thought process . it uses a very simple equation to show how the inhibitors in particular , can switch off certain areas , to allow other areas to become the prominent ones and thereby define the ←
→ causal reasoning in graphical time series models ; we propose a definition of causality for time series in terms of the effect of an intervention in one component of a multivariate time series on another component at some later point in time . conditions for identifiability , comparable to the back - door and front - door criteria , are presented and can also be verified graphically . computation of the causal effect is derived and illustrated for the linear case .←
→ a convex model for non - negative matrix factorization and dimensionality reduction on physical space ; a collaborative convex framework for factoring a data matrix $ x $ into a non - negative product $ as $, with a sparse coefficient matrix $ s $, is proposed . we restrict the columns of the dictionary matrix $ a $ to coincide with certain columns of the data matrix $ x $, thereby guaranteeing a physically meaningful dictionary and dimensionality reduction . we use $ l_ { 1 ,\ infty }$ regularization to select the dictionary ←
→ predicting auction price of vehicle license plate with deep recurrent neural network ; in chinese societies , superstition is of paramount importance , and vehicle license plates with desirable numbers can fetch very high prices in auctions . unlike other valuable items , license plates are not allocated an estimated price before auction . i propose that the task of predicting plate prices can be viewed as a natural language processing ( nlp ) task , as the value depends on the meaning of each individual characte ←
→ expoiting syntactic structure for language modeling ; the paper presents a language model that develops syntactic structure and uses it to extract meaningful information from the word history , thus enabling the use of long distance dependencies . the model assigns probability to every joint sequence of words -- binary - parse - structure with headword annotation and operates in a left - to - right manner --- therefore usable for automatic speech recognition . the model , its probabilistic parameterization , and a set of ←
→ controlled natural language generation from a multilingual framenet - based grammar ; this paper presents a currently bilingual but potentially multilingual framenet - based grammar library implemented in grammatical framework . the contribution of this paper is two - fold . first , it offers a methodological approach to automatically generate the grammar based on semantico - syntactic valence patterns extracted from framenet - annotated corpora . second , it provides a proof of concept for two use cases illustrating ho ←
→ danco : dimensionality from angle and norm concentration ; in the last decades the estimation of the intrinsic dimensionality of a dataset has gained considerable importance . despite the great deal of research work devoted to this task , most of the proposed solutions prove to be unreliable when the intrinsic dimensionality of the input dataset is high and the manifold where the points lie is nonlinearly embedded in a higher dimensional space . in this paper we propose a novel robust intrinsic dimensionality e ←
→ loop descriptor : local optimal oriented pattern ; this letter introduces the loop binary descriptor ( local optimal oriented pattern ) that encodes rotation invariance into the main formulation itself . this makes any post processing stage for rotation invariance redundant and improves on both accuracy and time complexity . we consider fine - grained lepidoptera ( moth / butterfly ) species recognition as the representative problem since it involves repetition of localized patterns and textures that may be exploited ←
→ reverse classification accuracy : predicting segmentation performance in the absence of ground truth ; when integrating computational tools such as automatic segmentation into clinical practice , it is of utmost importance to be able to assess the level of accuracy on new data , and in particular , to detect when an automatic method fails . however , this is difficult to achieve due to absence of ground truth . segmentation accuracy on clinical data might be different from what is found through cross - validation ←
→ hashed binary search sampling for convolutional network training with large overhead image patches ; very large overhead imagery associated with ground truth maps has the potential to generate billions of training image patches for machine learning algorithms . however , random sampling selection criteria often leads to redundant and noisy - image patches for model training . with minimal research efforts behind this challenge , the current status spells missed opportunities to develop supervised learning algor ←
→ 2d - densely connected convolution neural networks for automatic liver and tumor segmentation ; in this paper we propose a fully automatic 2 - stage cascaded approach for segmentation of liver and its tumors in ct ( computed tomography ) images using densely connected fully convolutional neural network ( densenet ). we independently train liver and tumor segmentation models and cascade them for a combined segmentation of the liver and its tumor . the first stage involves segmentation of liver and the second stage ←
→ revisiting the problem of audio - based hit song prediction using convolutional neural networks ; being able to predict whether a song can be a hit has impor - tant applications in the music industry . although it is true that the popularity of a song can be greatly affected by exter - nal factors such as social and commercial influences , to which degree audio features computed from musical signals ( whom we regard as internal factors ) can predict song popularity is an interesting research question on its own . ←
→ fast amortized inference of neural activity from calcium imaging data with variational autoencoders ; calcium imaging permits optical measurement of neural activity . since intracellular calcium concentration is an indirect measurement of neural activity , computational tools are necessary to infer the true underlying spiking activity from fluorescence measurements . bayesian model inversion can be used to solve this problem , but typically requires either computationally expensive mcmc sampling , or faster bu ←
→ mitigating unwanted biases with adversarial learning ; machine learning is a tool for building models that accurately represent input training data . when undesired biases concerning demographic groups are in the training data , well - trained models will reflect those biases . we present a framework for mitigating such biases by including a variable for the group of interest and simultaneously learning a predictor and an adversary . the input to the network x , here text or census data , produces a prediction y , s ←
→ quality classified image analysis with application to face detection and recognition ; motion blur , out of focus , insufficient spatial resolution , lossy compression and many other factors can all cause an image to have poor quality . however , image quality is a largely ignored issue in traditional pattern recognition literature . in this paper , we use face detection and recognition as case studies to show that image quality is an essential factor which will affect the performances of traditional algorithms .←
→ sparse coding and autoencoders ; in " dictionary learning " one tries to recover incoherent matrices $ a ^* \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ n \ times h }$ ( typically overcomplete and whose columns are assumed to be normalized ) and sparse vectors $ x ^* \ in \ mathbb { r }^ h $ with a small support of size $ h ^ p $ for some $ 0 < p < 1 $ while having access to observations $ y \ in \ mathbb { r }^ n $ where $ y = a ^* x ^*$. in this work we undertake a rigorous analysis of whether gradient descent on the squared loss of an autoencoder can solve the diction ←
→ on the mathematic modeling of non - parametric curves based on cubic bézier curves ; b \' ezier splines are widely available in various systems with the curves and surface designs . in general , the b \' ezier spline can be specified with the b \' ezier curve segments and a b \' ezier curve segment can be fitted to any number of control points . the number of control points determines the degree of the b \' ezier polynomial . this paper presents a method which determines control points for b \' ezier curves approximating s ←
→ learning random kernel approximations for object recognition ; approximations based on random fourier features have recently emerged as an efficient and formally consistent methodology to design large - scale kernel machines . by expressing the kernel as a fourier expansion , features are generated based on a finite set of random basis projections , sampled from the fourier transform of the kernel , with inner products that are monte carlo approximations of the original kernel . based on the observation that diffe ←
→ dependency language models for transition - based dependency parsing ; in this paper , we present an approach to improve the accuracy of a strong transition - based dependency parser by exploiting dependency language models that are extracted from a large parsed corpus . we integrated a small number of features based on the dependency language models into the parser . to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach , we evaluate our parser on standard english and chinese data where the base parser could a ←
→ time for a change : a tutorial for comparing multiple classifiers through bayesian analysis ; the machine learning community adopted the use of null hypothesis significance testing ( nhst ) in order to ensure the statistical validity of results . many scientific fields however realized the shortcomings of frequentist reasoning and in the most radical cases even banned its use in publications . we should do the same : just as we have embraced the bayesian paradigm in the development of new machine learning metho ←
→ numvc : an efficient local search algorithm for minimum vertex cover ; the minimum vertex cover ( mvc ) problem is a prominent np - hard combinatorial optimization problem of great importance in both theory and application . local search has proved successful for this problem . however , there are two main drawbacks in state - of - the - art mvc local search algorithms . first , they select a pair of vertices to exchange simultaneously , which is time - consuming . secondly , although using edge weighting techniques to diversif ←
→ efficient visual coding : from retina to v2 ; the human visual system has a hierarchical structure consisting of layers of processing , such as the retina , v1 , v2 , etc . understanding the functional roles of these visual processing layers would help to integrate the psychophysiological and neurophysiological models into a consistent theory of human vision , and would also provide insights to computer vision research . one classical theory of the early visual pathway hypothesizes that it serves to capture the sta ←
→ weakly - supervised learning of mid - level features for pedestrian attribute recognition and localization ; state - of - the - art methods treat pedestrian attribute recognition as a multi - label image classification problem . the location information of person attributes is usually eliminated or simply encoded in the rigid splitting of whole body in previous work . in this paper , we formulate the task in a weakly - supervised attribute localization framework . based on googlenet , firstly , a set of mid - level attribute f ←
→ preservation of semantic properties during the aggregation of abstract argumentation frameworks ; an abstract argumentation framework can be used to model the argumentative stance of an agent at a high level of abstraction , by indicating for every pair of arguments that is being considered in a debate whether the first attacks the second . when modelling a group of agents engaged in a debate , we may wish to aggregate their individual argumentation frameworks to obtain a single such framework that reflects ←
→ inferring generative model structure with static analysis ; obtaining enough labeled data to robustly train complex discriminative models is a major bottleneck in the machine learning pipeline . a popular solution is combining multiple sources of weak supervision using generative models . the structure of these models affects training label quality , but is difficult to learn without any ground truth labels . we instead rely on these weak supervision sources having some structure by virtue of being encoded prog ←
→ discriminating between similar languages in twitter using label propagation ; identifying the language of social media messages is an important first step in linguistic processing . existing models for twitter focus on content analysis , which is successful for dissimilar language pairs . we propose a label propagation approach that takes the social graph of tweet authors into account as well as content to better tease apart similar languages . this results in state - of - the - art shared task performance of $ 76 . 6 ←
→ very deep convolutional networks for large - scale image recognition ; in this work we investigate the effect of the convolutional network depth on its accuracy in the large - scale image recognition setting . our main contribution is a thorough evaluation of networks of increasing depth using an architecture with very small ( 3x3 ) convolution filters , which shows that a significant improvement on the prior - art configurations can be achieved by pushing the depth to 16 - 19 weight layers . these findings were the bas ←
→ learning combinatorial optimization algorithms over graphs ; the design of good heuristics or approximation algorithms for np - hard combinatorial optimization problems often requires significant specialized knowledge and trial - and - error . can we automate this challenging , tedious process , and learn the algorithms instead ? in many real - world applications , it is typically the case that the same optimization problem is solved again and again on a regular basis , maintaining the same problem structure but differin ←
→ a statistical theory of deep learning via proximal splitting ; in this paper we develop a statistical theory and an implementation of deep learning models . we show that an elegant variable splitting scheme for the alternating direction method of multipliers optimises a deep learning objective . we allow for non - smooth non - convex regularisation penalties to induce sparsity in parameter weights . we provide a link between traditional shallow layer statistical models such as principal component and sliced invers ←
→ genetic algorithm based floor planning system ; genetic algorithms are widely used in many different optimization problems including layout design . the layout of the shelves play an important role in the total sales metrics for superstores since this affects the customers ' shopping behaviour . this paper employed a genetic algorithm based approach to design shelf layout of superstores . the layout design problem was tackled by using a novel chromosome representation which takes many different parameters to pr ←
→ revisiting im2gps in the deep learning era ; image geolocalization , inferring the geographic location of an image , is a challenging computer vision problem with many potential applications . the recent state - of - the - art approach to this problem is a deep image classification approach in which the world is spatially divided into cells and a deep network is trained to predict the correct cell for a given image . we propose to combine this approach with the original im2gps approach in which a query image is match ←
→ pseudo - recursal : solving the catastrophic forgetting problem in deep neural networks ; in general , neural networks are not currently capable of learning tasks in a sequential fashion . when a novel , unrelated task is learnt by a neural network , it substantially forgets how to solve previously learnt tasks . one of the original solutions to this problem is pseudo - rehearsal , which involves learning the new task while rehearsing generated items representative of the previous task / s . this is very effective for ←
→ recognition of non - compound handwritten devnagari characters using a combination of mlp and minimum edit distance ; this paper deals with a new method for recognition of offline handwritten non - compound devnagari characters in two stages . it uses two well known and established pattern recognition techniques : one using neural networks and the other one using minimum edit distance . each of these techniques is applied on different sets of characters for recognition . in the first stage , two sets of features a ←
→ adversary detection in neural networks via persistent homology ; we outline a detection method for adversarial inputs to deep neural networks . by viewing neural network computations as graphs upon which information flows from input space to out - put distribution , we compare the differences in graphs induced by different inputs . specifically , by applying persistent homology to these induced graphs , we observe that the structure of the most persistent subgraphs which generate the first homology group differ b ←
→ robust combination of local controllers ; planning problems are hard , motion planning , for example , ispspace - hard . such problems are even more difficult in the presence of uncertainty . although , markov decision processes ( mdps ) provide a formal framework for such problems , finding solutions to high dimensional continuous mdps is usually difficult , especially when the actions and time measurements are continuous . fortunately , problem - specific knowledge allows us to design controllers that are good locally , t ←
→ learning sparse structured ensembles with sg - mcmc and network pruning ; an ensemble of neural networks is known to be more robust and accurate than an individual network , however usually with linearly - increased cost in both training and testing . in this work , we propose a two - stage method to learn sparse structured ensembles ( sses ) for neural networks . in the first stage , we run sg - mcmc with group sparse priors to draw an ensemble of samples from the posterior distribution of network parameters . in the seco ←
→ robustness analysis of hottopixx , a linear programming model for factoring nonnegative matrices ; although nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) is np - hard in general , it has been shown very recently that it is tractable under the assumption that the input nonnegative data matrix is close to being separable ( separability requires that all columns of the input matrix belongs to the cone spanned by a small subset of these columns ). since then , several algorithms have been designed to handle this subclass o ←
→ ease . ml : towards multi - tenant resource sharing for machine learning workloads ; we present ease . ml , a declarative machine learning service platform we built to support more than ten research groups outside the computer science departments at eth zurich for their machine learning needs . with ease . ml , a user defines the high - level schema of a machine learning application and submits the task via a web interface . the system automatically deals with the rest , such as model selection and data movement . in this ←
→ technical report : towards a universal code formatter through machine learning ; there are many declarative frameworks that allow us to implement code formatters relatively easily for any specific language , but constructing them is cumbersome . the first problem is that " everybody " wants to format their code differently , leading to either many formatter variants or a ridiculous number of configuration options . second , the size of each implementation scales with a language ' s grammar size , leading to hundreds ←
→ adaptive mixture methods based on bregman divergences ; we investigate adaptive mixture methods that linearly combine outputs of $ m $ constituent filters running in parallel to model a desired signal . we use " bregman divergences " and obtain certain multiplicative updates to train the linear combination weights under an affine constraint or without any constraints . we use unnormalized relative entropy and relative entropy to define two different bregman divergences that produce an unnormalized exponentiated g ←
→ exploration and exploitation of victorian science in darwin ' s reading notebooks ; search in an environment with an uncertain distribution of resources involves a trade - off between exploitation of past discoveries and further exploration . this extends to information foraging , where a knowledge - seeker shifts between reading in depth and studying new domains . to study this decision - making process , we examine the reading choices made by one of the most celebrated scientists of the modern era : charles darwin . ←
→ deep learning methods for efficient large scale video labeling ; we present a solution to " google cloud and youtube - 8m video understanding challenge " that ranked 5th place . the proposed model is an ensemble of three model families , two frame level and one video level . the training was performed on augmented dataset , with cross validation .←
→ the cqc algorithm : cycling in graphs to semantically enrich and enhance a bilingual dictionary ; bilingual machine - readable dictionaries are knowledge resources useful in many automatic tasks . however , compared to monolingual computational lexicons like wordnet , bilingual dictionaries typically provide a lower amount of structured information , such as lexical and semantic relations , and often do not cover the entire range of possible translations for a word of interest . in this paper we present cycles and ←
→ gsns : generative stochastic networks ; we introduce a novel training principle for probabilistic models that is an alternative to maximum likelihood . the proposed generative stochastic networks ( gsn ) framework is based on learning the transition operator of a markov chain whose stationary distribution estimates the data distribution . because the transition distribution is a conditional distribution generally involving a small move , it has fewer dominant modes , being unimodal in the limit of small moves . th ←
→ an optimized recursive learning algorithm for three - layer feedforward neural networks for mimo nonlinear system identifications ; back - propagation with gradient method is the most popular learning algorithm for feed - forward neural networks . however , it is critical to determine a proper fixed learning rate for the algorithm . in this paper , an optimized recursive algorithm is presented for online learning based on matrix operation and optimization methods analytically , which can avoid the trouble to select ←
→ semtk : an ontology - first , open source semantic toolkit for managing and querying knowledge graphs ; the relatively recent adoption of knowledge graphs as an enabling technology in multiple high - profile artificial intelligence and cognitive applications has led to growing interest in the semantic web technology stack . many semantics - related tools , however , are focused on serving experts with a deep understanding of semantic technologies . for example , triplification of relational data is available but there ←
→ low - rank and adaptive sparse signal ( lassi ) models for highly accelerated dynamic imaging ; sparsity - based approaches have been popular in many applications in image processing and imaging . compressed sensing exploits the sparsity of images in a transform domain or dictionary to improve image recovery from undersampled measurements . in the context of inverse problems in dynamic imaging , recent research has demonstrated the promise of sparsity and low - rank techniques . for example , the patches of the underl ←
→ the microsoft 2017 conversational speech recognition system ; we describe the 2017 version of microsoft ' s conversational speech recognition system , in which we update our 2016 system with recent developments in neural - network - based acoustic and language modeling to further advance the state of the art on the switchboard speech recognition task . the system adds a cnn - blstm acoustic model to the set of model architectures we combined previously , and includes character - based and dialog session aware lstm langu ←
→ noisy softmax : improving the generalization ability of dcnn via postponing the early softmax saturation ; over the past few years , softmax and sgd have become a commonly used component and the default training strategy in cnn frameworks , respectively . however , when optimizing cnns with sgd , the saturation behavior behind softmax always gives us an illusion of training well and then is omitted . in this paper , we first emphasize that the early saturation behavior of softmax will impede the exploration of sg ←
→ invertible conditional gans for image editing ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) have recently demonstrated to successfully approximate complex data distributions . a relevant extension of this model is conditional gans ( cgans ), where the introduction of external information allows to determine specific representations of the generated images . in this work , we evaluate encoders to inverse the mapping of a cgan , i . e ., mapping a real image into a latent space and a conditional representation . this allows ←
→ scale up nonlinear component analysis with doubly stochastic gradients ; nonlinear component analysis such as kernel principle component analysis ( kpca ) and kernel canonical correlation analysis ( kcca ) are widely used in machine learning , statistics and data analysis , but they can not scale up to big datasets . recent attempts have employed random feature approximations to convert the problem to the primal form for linear computational complexity . however , to obtain high quality solutions , the number of rand ←
→ common representation learning using step - based correlation multi - modal cnn ; deep learning techniques have been successfully used in learning a common representation for multi - view data , wherein the different modalities are projected onto a common subspace . in a broader perspective , the techniques used to investigate common representation learning falls under the categories of canonical correlation - based approaches and autoencoder based approaches . in this paper , we investigate the performance of deep au ←
→ accurate localization in dense urban area using google street view image ; accurate information about the location and orientation of a camera in mobile devices is central to the utilization of location - based services ( lbs ). most of such mobile devices rely on gps data but this data is subject to inaccuracy due to imperfections in the quality of the signal provided by satellites . this shortcoming has spurred the research into improving the accuracy of localization . since mobile devices have camera , a major ←
→ accelerating innovation through analogy mining ; the availability of large idea repositories ( e . g ., the u . s . patent database ) could significantly accelerate innovation and discovery by providing people with inspiration from solutions to analogous problems . however , finding useful analogies in these large , messy , real - world repositories remains a persistent challenge for either human or automated methods . previous approaches include costly hand - created databases that have high relational structure ( e . g ., pre ←
→ information - based inference for singular models and finite sample sizes ; a central problem in statistics is model selection , the choice between competing models of a stochastic process whose observables are corrupted by noise . in the information - based paradigm of inference , model selection is performed by estimating the predictive performance of the com - peting models . the candidate model with the best estimated predictive performance is selected . information - based inference is dependent on the accuracy of ←
→ spectrally approximating large graphs with smaller graphs ; how does coarsening affect the spectrum of a general graph ? we provide conditions such that the principal eigenvalues and eigenspaces of a coarsened and original graph laplacian matrices are close . the achieved approximation is shown to depend on standard graph - theoretic properties , such as the degree and eigenvalue distributions , as well as on the ratio between the coarsened and actual graph sizes . our results carry implications for learning metho ←
→ robust mixture modelling using sub - gaussian stable distribution ; heavy - tailed distributions are widely used in robust mixture modelling due to possessing thick tails . as a computationally tractable subclass of the stable distributions , sub - gaussian $\ alpha $- stable distribution received much interest in the literature . here , we introduce a type of expectation maximization algorithm that estimates parameters of a mixture of sub - gaussian stable distributions . a comparative study , in the presence of some well -←
→ an exact and two heuristic strategies for truthful bidding in combinatorial transport auctions ; to support a freight carrier in a combinatorial transport auction , we proposes an exact and two heuristic strategies for bidding on subsets of requests . the exact bidding strategy is based on the concept of elementary request combinations . we show that it is sufficient and necessary for a carrier to bid on each elementary request combination in order to guarantee the same result as bidding on each element of t ←
→ phonetic and graphemic systems for multi - genre broadcast transcription ; state - of - the - art english automatic speech recognition systems typically use phonetic rather than graphemic lexicons . graphemic systems are known to perform less well for english as the mapping from the written form to the spoken form is complicated . however , in recent years the representational power of deep - learning based acoustic models has improved , raising interest in graphemic acoustic models for english , due to the simplicity of ←
→ three - dimensional face orientation and gaze detection from a single image ; gaze detection and head orientation are an important part of many advanced human - machine interaction applications . many systems have been proposed for gaze detection . typically , they require some form of user cooperation and calibration . additionally , they may require multiple cameras and / or restricted head positions . we present a new approach for inference of both face orientation and gaze direction from a single image with no re ←
→ white matter hyperintensity segmentation from t1 and flair images using fully convolutional neural networks enhanced with residual connections ; segmentation and quantification of white matter hyperintensities ( wmhs ) are of great importance in studying and understanding various neurological and geriatric disorders . although automatic methods have been proposed for wmh segmentation on magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ), manual corrections are often necessary to achieve clinically practical results . major cha ←
→ quantifying the cognitive extent of science ; while the modern science is characterized by an exponential growth in scientific literature , the increase in publication volume clearly does not reflect the expansion of the cognitive boundaries of science . nevertheless , most of the metrics for assessing the vitality of science or for making funding and policy decisions are based on productivity . similarly , the increasing level of knowledge production by large science teams , whose results often enjoy greater vis ←
→ neural network based nonlinear weighted finite automata ; weighted finite automata ( wfa ) can expressively model functions defined over strings but are inherently linear models . given the recent successes of nonlinear models in machine learning , it is natural to wonder whether ex - tending wfa to the nonlinear setting would be beneficial . in this paper , we propose a novel model of neural network based nonlinearwfa model ( nl - wfa ) along with a learning algorithm . our learning algorithm is inspired by the spectra ←
→ multivariate generalized gaussian process models ; we propose a family of multivariate gaussian process models for correlated outputs , based on assuming that the likelihood function takes the generic form of the multivariate exponential family distribution ( efd ). we denote this model as a multivariate generalized gaussian process model , and derive taylor and laplace algorithms for approximate inference on the generic model . by instantiating the efd with specific parameter functions , we obtain two novel gp m ←
→ clustering and bayesian network for image of faces classification ; in a content based image classification system , target images are sorted by feature similarities with respect to the query ( cbir ). in this paper , we propose to use new approach combining distance tangent , k - means algorithm and bayesian network for image classification . first , we use the technique of tangent distance to calculate several tangent spaces representing the same image . the objective is to reduce the error in the classification ph ←
→ tree - to - sequence attentional neural machine translation ; most of the existing neural machine translation ( nmt ) models focus on the conversion of sequential data and do not directly use syntactic information . we propose a novel end - to - end syntactic nmt model , extending a sequence - to - sequence model with the source - side phrase structure . our model has an attention mechanism that enables the decoder to generate a translated word while softly aligning it with phrases as well as words of the source sentence . exp ←
→ robust and fast decoding of high - capacity color qr codes for mobile applications ; the use of color in qr codes brings extra data capacity , but also inflicts tremendous challenges on the decoding process due to chromatic distortion , cross - channel color interference and illumination variation . particularly , we further discover a new type of chromatic distortion in high - density color qr codes , cross - module color interference , caused by the high density which also makes the geometric distortion correction mo ←
→ train longer , generalize better : closing the generalization gap in large batch training of neural networks ; background : deep learning models are typically trained using stochastic gradient descent or one of its variants . these methods update the weights using their gradient , estimated from a small fraction of the training data . it has been observed that when using large batch sizes there is a persistent degradation in generalization performance - known as the " generalization gap " phenomena . identifying t ←
→ improved particle filters for vehicle localisation ; the ability to track a moving vehicle is of crucial importance in numerous applications . the task has often been approached by the importance sampling technique of particle filters due to its ability to model non - linear and non - gaussian dynamics , of which a vehicle travelling on a road network is a good example . particle filters perform poorly when observations are highly informative . in this paper , we address this problem by proposing particle filters th ←
→ a framework for on - line devanagari handwritten character recognition ; the main challenge in on - line handwritten character recognition in indian lan - guage is the large size of the character set , larger similarity between different characters in the script and the huge variation in writing style . in this paper we propose a framework for on - line handwitten script recognition taking cues from speech signal processing literature . the framework is based on identify - ing strokes , which in turn lead to recognitio ←
→ sqg - differential evolution for difficult optimization problems under a tight function evaluation budget ; in the context of industrial engineering it is important to integrate efficient computational optimization methods in the product development process . some of the most challenging simulation based engineering design optimization problems are characterized by : a large number of design variables , the absence of analytical gradient information , highly non - linear objectives and a limited function evaluati ←
→ image - based recommendations on styles and substitutes ; humans inevitably develop a sense of the relationships between objects , some of which are based on their appearance . some pairs of objects might be seen as being alternatives to each other ( such as two pairs of jeans ), while others may be seen as being complementary ( such as a pair of jeans and a matching shirt ). this information guides many of the choices that people make , from buying clothes to their interactions with each other . we seek here to mode ←
→ whitehead method and genetic algorithms ; in this paper we discuss a genetic version ( gwa ) of the whitehead ' s algorithm , which is one of the basic algorithms in combinatorial group theory . it turns out that gwa is surprisingly fast and outperforms the standard whitehead ' s algorithm in free groups of rank >= 5 . experimenting with gwa we collected an interesting numerical data that clarifies the time - complexity of the whitehead ' s problem in general . these experiments led us to several mathematical conjectures ←
→ improving text proposals for scene images with fully convolutional networks ; text proposals have emerged as a class - dependent version of object proposals - efficient approaches to reduce the search space of possible text object locations in an image . combined with strong word classifiers , text proposals currently yield top state of the art results in end - to - end scene text recognition . in this paper we propose an improvement over the original text proposals algorithm of gomez and karatzas ( 2016 ), combinin ←
→ second - order non - stationary online learning for regression ; the goal of a learner , in standard online learning , is to have the cumulative loss not much larger compared with the best - performing function from some fixed class . numerous algorithms were shown to have this gap arbitrarily close to zero , compared with the best function that is chosen off - line . nevertheless , many real - world applications , such as adaptive filtering , are non - stationary in nature , and the best prediction function may drift over time ←
→ contextual outlier interpretation ; outlier detection plays an essential role in many data - driven applications to identify isolated instances that are different from the majority . while many statistical learning and data mining techniques have been used for developing more effective outlier detection algorithms , the interpretation of detected outliers does not receive much attention . interpretation is becoming increasingly important to help people trust and evaluate the developed models through providing in ←
→ an outlier detection - based tree selection approach to extreme pruning of random forests ; random forest ( rf ) is an ensemble classification technique that was developed by breiman over a decade ago . compared with other ensemble techniques , it has proved its accuracy and superiority . many researchers , however , believe that there is still room for enhancing and improving its performance in terms of predictive accuracy . this explains why , over the past decade , there have been many extensions of rf where each ←
→ statistical mechanics of nonlinear on - line learning for ensemble teachers ; we analyze the generalization performance of a student in a model composed of nonlinear perceptrons : a true teacher , ensemble teachers , and the student . we calculate the generalization error of the student analytically or numerically using statistical mechanics in the framework of on - line learning . we treat two well - known learning rules : hebbian learning and perceptron learning . as a result , it is proven that the nonlinear model s ←
→ pruning random forests for prediction on a budget ; we propose to prune a random forest ( rf ) for resource - constrained prediction . we first construct a rf and then prune it to optimize expected feature cost & accuracy . we pose pruning rfs as a novel 0 - 1 integer program with linear constraints that encourages feature re - use . we establish total unimodularity of the constraint set to prove that the corresponding lp relaxation solves the original integer program . we then exploit connections to combinatorial opti ←
→ mapping temporal variables into the neucube for improved pattern recognition , predictive modelling and understanding of stream data ; this paper proposes a new method for an optimized mapping of temporal variables , describing a temporal stream data , into the recently proposed neucube spiking neural network architecture . this optimized mapping extends the use of the neucube , which was initially designed for spatiotemporal brain data , to work on arbitrary stream data and to achieve a better accuracy of temp ←
→ a general pipeline for 3d detection of vehicles ; autonomous driving requires 3d perception of vehicles and other objects in the in environment . much of the current methods support 2d vehicle detection . this paper proposes a flexible pipeline to adopt any 2d detection network and fuse it with a 3d point cloud to generate 3d information with minimum changes of the 2d detection networks . to identify the 3d box , an effective model fitting algorithm is developed based on generalised car models and score maps . a ←
→ autonomous development and learning in artificial intelligence and robotics : scaling up deep learning to human -- like learning ; autonomous lifelong development and learning is a fundamental capability of humans , differentiating them from current deep learning systems . however , other branches of artificial intelligence have designed crucial ingredients towards autonomous learning : curiosity and intrinsic motivation , social learning and natural interaction with peers , and embodiment . these mechanisms guide ←
→ imitation learning with recurrent neural networks ; we present a novel view that unifies two frameworks that aim to solve sequential prediction problems : learning to search ( l2s ) and recurrent neural networks ( rnn ). we point out equivalences between elements of the two frameworks . by complementing what is missing from one framework comparing to the other , we introduce a more advanced imitation learning framework that , on one hand , augments l2s s notion of search space and , on the other hand , enhances rnns t ←
→ improving human activity recognition through ranking and re - ranking ; we propose two well - motivated ranking - based methods to enhance the performance of current state - of - the - art human activity recognition systems . first , as an improvement over the classic power normalization method , we propose a parameter - free ranking technique called rank normalization ( ran ). ran normalizes each dimension of the video features to address the sparse and bursty distribution problems of fisher vectors and vlad . second , inspire ←
→ direction - aware spatial context features for shadow detection ; shadow detection is a fundamental and challenging task , since it requires an understanding of global image semantics and there are various backgrounds around shadows . this paper presents a novel network for shadow detection by analyzing image context in a direction - aware manner . to achieve this , we first formulate the direction - aware attention mechanism in a spatial recurrent neural network ( rnn ) by introducing attention weights when aggregatin ←
→ tensor network language model ; we propose a new statistical model suitable for machine learning of systems with long distance correlations such as natural languages . the model is based on directed acyclic graph decorated by multi - linear tensor maps in the vertices and vector spaces in the edges , called tensor network . such tensor networks have been previously employed for effective numerical computation of the renormalization group flow on the space of effective quantum field theories and lattice models of ←
→ prototypicality effects in global semantic description of objects ; we propose a new approach to face the semantic features descriptions of objects based in the prototypicality effects of prototypes theory . our descriptor , called global semantic descriptor , is capable of coding and storing a semantic ( central and peripheral ) meaning of object . our model compute the semantic prototype of object using features extracted by cnn - classifications models . we propose a simple method to reduce the dimensionality of ←
→ leveraging subjective human annotation for clustering historic newspaper articles ; the new york public library is participating in the chronicling america initiative to develop an online searchable database of historically significant newspaper articles . microfilm copies of the newspapers are scanned and high resolution optical character recognition ( ocr ) software is run on them . the text from the ocr provides a wealth of data and opinion for researchers and historians . however , categorization of article ←
→ adaptivity to noise parameters in nonparametric active learning ; this work addresses various open questions in the theory of active learning for nonparametric classification . our contributions are both statistical and algorithmic : - we establish new minimax - rates for active learning under common \ textit { noise conditions }. these rates display interesting transitions -- due to the interaction between noise \ textit { smoothness and margin } -- not present in the passive setting . some such transitions were previou ←
→ human face recognition using line features ; in this work we investigate a novel approach to handle the challenges of face recognition , which includes rotation , scale , occlusion , illumination etc . here , we have used thermal face images as those are capable to minimize the affect of illumination changes and occlusion due to moustache , beards , adornments etc . the proposed approach registers the training and testing thermal face images in polar coordinate , which is capable to handle complicacies introduced by ←
→ memristive fuzzy edge detector ; fuzzy inference systems always suffer from the lack of efficient structures or platforms for their hardware implementation . in this paper , we tried to overcome this problem by proposing new method for the implementation of those fuzzy inference systems which use fuzzy rule base to make inference . to achieve this goal , we have designed a multi - layer neuro - fuzzy computing system based on the memristor crossbar structure by introducing some new concepts like fuzzy minterms . alt ←
→ partial least squares regression on riemannian manifolds and its application in classifications ; partial least squares regression ( plsr ) has been a popular technique to explore the linear relationship between two datasets . however , most of algorithm implementations of plsr may only achieve a suboptimal solution through an optimization on the euclidean space . in this paper , we propose several novel plsr models on riemannian manifolds and develop optimization algorithms based on riemannian geometry of mani ←
→ analysis of corporate environmental reports using statistical techniques and data mining ; measuring the effectiveness of corporate environmental reports , it being highly qualitative and less regulated , is often considered as a daunting task . the task becomes more complex if comparisons are to be performed . this study is undertaken to overcome the physical verification problems by implementing data mining technique . it further explores on the effectiveness by performing exploratory analysis and structural ←
→ obamanet : photo - realistic lip - sync from text ; we present obamanet , the first architecture that generates both audio and synchronized photo - realistic lip - sync videos from any new text . contrary to other published lip - sync approaches , ours is only composed of fully trainable neural modules and does not rely on any traditional computer graphics methods . more precisely , we use three main modules : a text - to - speech network based on char2wav , a time - delayed lstm to generate mouth - keypoints synced to the audio , an ←
→ sockeye : a toolkit for neural machine translation ; we describe sockeye ( version 1 . 12 ), an open - source sequence - to - sequence toolkit for neural machine translation ( nmt ). sockeye is a production - ready framework for training and applying models as well as an experimental platform for researchers . written in python and built on mxnet , the toolkit offers scalable training and inference for the three most prominent encoder - decoder architectures : attentional recurrent neural networks , self - attentional transformer ←
→ towards automation of knowledge understanding : an approach for probabilistic generative classifiers ; after data selection , pre - processing , transformation , and feature extraction , knowledge extraction is not the final step in a data mining process . it is then necessary to understand this knowledge in order to apply it efficiently and effectively . up to now , there is a lack of appropriate techniques that support this significant step . this is partly due to the fact that the assessment of knowledge is often ←
→ planning and acting under uncertainty : a new model for spoken dialogue systems ; uncertainty plays a central role in spoken dialogue systems . some stochastic models like markov decision process ( mdp ) are used to model the dialogue manager . but the partially observable system state and user intention hinder the natural representation of the dialogue state . mdp - based system degrades fast when uncertainty about a user ' s intention increases . we propose a novel dialogue model based on the partially observable ←
→ deeper , broader and artier domain generalization ; the problem of domain generalization is to learn from multiple training domains , and extract a domain - agnostic model that can then be applied to an unseen domain . domain generalization ( dg ) has a clear motivation in contexts where there are target domains with distinct characteristics , yet sparse data for training . for example recognition in sketch images , which are distinctly more abstract and rarer than photos . nevertheless , dg methods have primarily been ←
→ dna2vec : consistent vector representations of variable - length k - mers ; one of the ubiquitous representation of long dna sequence is dividing it into shorter k - mer components . unfortunately , the straightforward vector encoding of k - mer as a one - hot vector is vulnerable to the curse of dimensionality . worse yet , the distance between any pair of one - hot vectors is equidistant . this is particularly problematic when applying the latest machine learning algorithms to solve problems in biological sequence analysis ←
→ pruning bayesian networks for efficient computation ; this paper analyzes the circumstances under which bayesian networks can be pruned in order to reduce computational complexity without altering the computation for variables of interest . given a problem instance which consists of a query and evidence for a set of nodes in the network , it is possible to delete portions of the network which do not participate in the computation for the query . savings in computational complexity can be large when the origina ←
→ radially - distorted conjugate translations ; this paper introduces the first minimal solvers that jointly solve for affine - rectification and radial lens distortion from coplanar repeated patterns . even with imagery from moderately distorted lenses , plane rectification using the pinhole camera model is inaccurate or invalid . the proposed solvers incorporate lens distortion into the camera model and extend accurate rectification to wide - angle imagery , which is now common from consumer cameras . the solvers are ←
→ towards using machine translation techniques to induce multilingual lexica of discourse markers ; discourse markers are universal linguistic events subject to language variation . although an extensive literature has already reported language specific traits of these events , little has been said on their cross - language behavior and on building an inventory of multilingual lexica of discourse markers . this work describes new methods and approaches for the description , classification , and annotation of disco ←
→ shortest path distance in random k - nearest neighbor graphs ; consider a weighted or unweighted k - nearest neighbor graph that has been built on n data points drawn randomly according to some density p on r ^ d . we study the convergence of the shortest path distance in such graphs as the sample size tends to infinity . we prove that for unweighted knn graphs , this distance converges to an unpleasant distance function on the underlying space whose properties are detrimental to machine learning . we also study the ←
→ unsupervised neural - symbolic integration ; symbolic has been long considered as a language of human intelligence while neural networks have advantages of robust computation and dealing with noisy data . the integration of neural - symbolic can offer better learning and reasoning while providing a means for interpretability through the representation of symbolic knowledge . although previous works focus intensively on supervised feedforward neural networks , little has been done for the unsupervised counterparts .←
→ community question answering platforms vs . twitter for predicting characteristics of urban neighbourhoods ; in this paper , we investigate whether text from a community question answering ( qa ) platform can be used to predict and describe real - world attributes . we experiment with predicting a wide range of 62 demographic attributes for neighbourhoods of london . we use the text from qa platform of yahoo ! answers and compare our results to the ones obtained from twitter microblogs . outcomes show that the corr ←
→ non - projective dependency parsing via latent heads representation ( lhr ) ; in this paper , we introduce a novel approach based on a bidirectional recurrent autoencoder to perform globally optimized non - projective dependency parsing via semi - supervised learning . the syntactic analysis is completed at the end of the neural process that generates a latent heads representation ( lhr ), without any algorithmic constraint and with a linear complexity . the resulting " latent syntactic structure " can be used directly in ←
→ direct pose estimation with a monocular camera ; we present a direct method to calculate a 6dof pose change of a monocular camera for mobile navigation . the calculated pose is estimated up to a constant unknown scale parameter that is kept constant over the entire reconstruction process . this method allows a direct cal - culation of the metric position and rotation without any necessity to fuse the information in a probabilistic approach over longer frame sequence as it is the case in most currently used vsl ←
→ decoding with finite - state transducers on gpus ; weighted finite automata and transducers ( including hidden markov models and conditional random fields ) are widely used in natural language processing ( nlp ) to perform tasks such as morphological analysis , part - of - speech tagging , chunking , named entity recognition , speech recognition , and others . parallelizing finite state algorithms on graphics processing units ( gpus ) would benefit many areas of nlp . although researchers have implemented gpu versions of basi ←
→ application of a semantic segmentation convolutional neural network for accurate automatic detection and mapping of solar photovoltaic arrays in aerial imagery ; we consider the problem of automatically detecting small - scale solar photovoltaic arrays for behind - the - meter energy resource assessment in high resolution aerial imagery . such algorithms offer a faster and more cost - effective solution to collecting information on distributed solar photovoltaic ( pv ) arrays , such as their location , capacity , and ←
→ semi - supervised haptic material recognition for robots using generative adversarial networks ; material recognition enables robots to incorporate knowledge of material properties into their interactions with everyday objects . for example , material recognition opens up opportunities for clearer communication with a robot , such as " bring me the metal coffee mug ", and recognizing plastic versus metal is crucial when using a microwave or oven . however , collecting labeled training data with a robot is often mo ←
→ on horizontal and vertical separation in hierarchical text classification ; hierarchy is a common and effective way of organizing data and representing their relationships at different levels of abstraction . however , hierarchical data dependencies cause difficulties in the estimation of " separable " models that can distinguish between the entities in the hierarchy . extracting separable models of hierarchical entities requires us to take their relative position into account and to consider the different typ ←
→ distributed bayesian piecewise sparse linear models ; the importance of interpretability of machine learning models has been increasing due to emerging enterprise predictive analytics , threat of data privacy , accountability of artificial intelligence in society , and so on . piecewise linear models have been actively studied to achieve both accuracy and interpretability . they often produce competitive accuracy against state - of - the - art non - linear methods . in addition , their representations ( i . e ., rule - based se ←
→ a variance maximization criterion for active learning ; active learning aims to train a classifier as fast as possible with as few labels as possible . the core element in virtually any active learning strategy is the criterion that measures the usefulness of the unlabeled data based on which new points to be labeled are picked . we propose a novel approach which we refer to as maximizing variance for active learning or mval for short . mval measures the value of unlabeled instances by evaluating the rate of c ←
→ convolution by evolution : differentiable pattern producing networks ; in this work we introduce a differentiable version of the compositional pattern producing network , called the dppn . unlike a standard cppn , the topology of a dppn is evolved but the weights are learned . a lamarckian algorithm , that combines evolution and learning , produces dppns to reconstruct an image . our main result is that dppns can be evolved / trained to compress the weights of a denoising autoencoder from 157684 to roughly 200 parame ←
→ geometrical complexity of classification problems ; despite encouraging recent progresses in ensemble approaches , classification methods seem to have reached a plateau in development . further advances depend on a better understanding of geometrical and topological characteristics of point sets in high - dimensional spaces , the preservation of such characteristics under feature transformations and sampling processes , and their interaction with geometrical models used in classifiers . we discuss an attempt to me ←
→ generating models for temporal representations ; we discuss the use of model building for temporal representations . we chose polish to illustrate our discussion because it has an interesting aspectual system , but the points we wish to make are not language specific . rather , our goal is to develop theoretical and computational tools for temporal model building tasks in computational semantics . to this end , we present a first - order theory of time and events which is rich enough to capture interesting semantic ←
→ polyharmonic daubechies type wavelets in image processing and astronomy , ii ; we consider the application of the polyharmonic subdivision wavelets ( of daubechies type ) to image processing , in particular to astronomical images . the results show an essential advantage over some standard multivariate wavelets and a potential for better compression .←
→ learning and querying fast generative models for reinforcement learning ; a key challenge in model - based reinforcement learning ( rl ) is to synthesize computationally efficient and accurate environment models . we show that carefully designed generative models that learn and operate on compact state representations , so - called state - space models , substantially reduce the computational costs for predicting outcomes of sequences of actions . extensive experiments establish that state - space models accurately captu ←
→ constructing bio - molecular databases on a dna - based computer ; codd [ codd 1970 ] wrote the first paper in which the model of a relational database was proposed . adleman [ adleman 1994 ] wrote the first paper in which dna strands in a test tube were used to solve an instance of the hamiltonian path problem . from [ adleman 1994 ], it is obviously indicated that for storing information in molecules of dna allows for an information density of approximately 1 bit per cubic nm ( nanometer ) and a dramatic improvement ov ←
→ rank determination for low - rank data completion ; recently , fundamental conditions on the sampling patterns have been obtained for finite completability of low - rank matrices or tensors given the corresponding ranks . in this paper , we consider the scenario where the rank is not given and we aim to approximate the unknown rank based on the location of sampled entries and some given completion . we consider a number of data models , including single - view matrix , multi - view matrix , cp tensor , tensor - train tensor ←
→ concurrent tracking of inliers and outliers ; in object tracking , outlier is one of primary factors which degrade performance of image - based tracking algorithms . in this respect , therefore , most of the existing methods simply discard detected outliers and pay little or no attention to employing them as an important source of information for motion estimation . we consider outliers as important as inliers for object tracking and propose a motion estimation algorithm based on concurrent tracking of inliers and ←
→ building a resource for studying translation shifts ; this paper describes an interdisciplinary approach which brings together the fields of corpus linguistics and translation studies . it presents ongoing work on the creation of a corpus resource in which translation shifts are explicitly annotated . translation shifts denote departures from formal correspondence between source and target text , i . e . deviations that have occurred during the translation process . a resource in which such shifts are annotated in ←
→ database of handwritten arabic mathematical formulas images ; although publicly available , ground - truthed database have proven useful for training , evaluating , and comparing recognition systems in many domains , the availability of such database for handwritten arabic mathematical formula recognition in particular , is currently quite poor . in this paper , we present a new public database that contains mathematical expressions available in their off - line handwritten form . here , we describe the different steps ←
→ how to make an image more memorable ? a deep style transfer approach ; recent works have shown that it is possible to automatically predict intrinsic image properties like memorability . in this paper , we take a step forward addressing the question : " can we make an image more memorable ?". methods for automatically increasing image memorability would have an impact in many application fields like education , gaming or advertising . our work is inspired by the popular editing - by - applying - filters paradigm adopted ←
→ sample selection bias correction theory ; this paper presents a theoretical analysis of sample selection bias correction . the sample bias correction technique commonly used in machine learning consists of reweighting the cost of an error on each training point of a biased sample to more closely reflect the unbiased distribution . this relies on weights derived by various estimation techniques based on finite samples . we analyze the effect of an error in that estimation on the accuracy of the hypothesis retur ←
→ internal constraints of the trifocal tensor ; the fundamental matrix and trifocal tensor are convenient algebraic representations of the epipolar geometry of two and three view configurations , respectively . the estimation of these entities is central to most reconstruction algorithms , and a solid understanding of their properties and constraints is therefore very important . the fundamental matrix has 1 internal constraint which is well understood , whereas the trifocal tensor has 8 independent algebraic cons ←
→ differentially private database release via kernel mean embeddings ; we lay theoretical foundations for new database release mechanisms that allow third - parties to construct consistent estimators of population statistics , while ensuring that the privacy of each individual contributing to the database is protected . the proposed framework rests on two main ideas . first , releasing ( an estimate of ) the kernel mean embedding of the data generating random variable instead of the database itself still allows third ←
→ restricted global grammar constraints ; we investigate the global grammar constraint over restricted classes of context free grammars like deterministic and unambiguous context - free grammars . we show that detecting disentailment for the grammar constraint in these cases is as hard as parsing an unrestricted context free grammar . we also consider the class of linear grammars and give a propagator that runs in quadratic time . finally , to demonstrate the use of linear grammars , we show that a weighted linear gr ←
→ a comparative study of fuzzy classification methods on breast cancer data ; in this paper , we examine the performance of four fuzzy rule generation methods on wisconsin breast cancer data . the first method generates fuzzy if then rules using the mean and the standard deviation of attribute values . the second approach generates fuzzy if then rules using the histogram of attributes values . the third procedure generates fuzzy if then rules with certainty of each attribute into homogeneous fuzzy sets . in the ←
→ multiple kernel learning and automatic subspace relevance determination for high - dimensional neuroimaging data ; alzheimer ' s disease is a major cause of dementia . its diagnosis requires accurate biomarkers that are sensitive to disease stages . in this respect , we regard probabilistic classification as a method of designing a probabilistic biomarker for disease staging . probabilistic biomarkers naturally support the interpretation of decisions and evaluation of uncertainty associated with them . in this pap ←
→ theorem proving in large formal mathematics as an emerging ai field ; in the recent years , we have linked a large corpus of formal mathematics with automated theorem proving ( atp ) tools , and started to develop combined ai / atp systems working in this setting . in this paper we first relate this project to the earlier large - scale automated developments done by quaife with mccune ' s otter system , and to the discussions of the qed project about formalizing a significant part of mathematics . then we summarize our ←
→ deep learning with darwin : evolutionary synthesis of deep neural networks ; taking inspiration from biological evolution , we explore the idea of " can deep neural networks evolve naturally over successive generations into highly efficient deep neural networks ?" by introducing the notion of synthesizing new highly efficient , yet powerful deep neural networks over successive generations via an evolutionary process from ancestor deep neural networks . the architectural traits of ancestor deep neural networks a ←
→ fast pet reconstruction using multi - scale fully convolutional neural networks ; reconstruction of pet images is an ill - posed inverse problem and often requires iterative algorithms to achieve good image quality for reliable clinical use in practice , at huge computational costs . in this paper , we consider the pet reconstruction a dense prediction problem where the large scale contextual information is essential , and propose a novel architecture of multi - scale fully convolutional neural networks ( msfcnn ) fo ←
→ generalized twin gaussian processes using sharma - mittal divergence ; there has been a growing interest in mutual information measures due to their wide range of applications in machine learning and computer vision . in this paper , we present a generalized structured regression framework based on shama - mittal divergence , a relative entropy measure , which is introduced to the machine learning community in this work . sharma - mittal ( sm ) divergence is a generalized mutual information measure for the widely used r ←
→ on interestingness measures of formal concepts ; formal concepts and closed itemsets proved to be of big importance for knowledge discovery , both as a tool for concise representation of association rules and a tool for clustering and constructing domain taxonomies and ontologies . exponential explosion makes it difficult to consider the whole concept lattice arising from data , one needs to select most useful and interesting concepts . in this paper interestingness measures of concepts are considered and compa ←
→ learning model reparametrizations : implicit variational inference by fitting mcmc distributions ; we introduce a new algorithm for approximate inference that combines reparametrization , markov chain monte carlo and variational methods . we construct a very flexible implicit variational distribution synthesized by an arbitrary markov chain monte carlo operation and a deterministic transformation that can be optimized using the reparametrization trick . unlike current methods for implicit variational inferenc ←
→ image - text multi - modal representation learning by adversarial backpropagation ; we present novel method for image - text multi - modal representation learning . in our knowledge , this work is the first approach of applying adversarial learning concept to multi - modal learning and not exploiting image - text pair information to learn multi - modal feature . we only use category information in contrast with most previous methods using image - text pair information for multi - modal embedding . in this paper , we show that m ←
→ complex sequential question answering : towards learning to converse over linked question answer pairs with a knowledge graph ; while conversing with chatbots , humans typically tend to ask many questions , a significant portion of which can be answered by referring to large - scale knowledge graphs ( kg ). while question answering ( qa ) and dialog systems have been studied independently , there is a need to study them closely to evaluate such real - world scenarios faced by bots involving both these tasks . towards ←
→ zeroth - order asynchronous doubly stochastic algorithm with variance reduction ; zeroth - order ( derivative - free ) optimization attracts a lot of attention in machine learning , because explicit gradient calculations may be computationally expensive or infeasible . to handle large scale problems both in volume and dimension , recently asynchronous doubly stochastic zeroth - order algorithms were proposed . the convergence rate of existing asynchronous doubly stochastic zeroth order algorithms is $ o (\ frac { 1 }{\ sqrt { t ←
→ you - do , i - learn : unsupervised multi - user egocentric approach towards video - based guidance ; this paper presents an unsupervised approach towards automatically extracting video - based guidance on object usage , from egocentric video and wearable gaze tracking , collected from multiple users while performing tasks . the approach i ) discovers task relevant objects , ii ) builds a model for each , iii ) distinguishes different ways in which each discovered object has been used and iv ) discovers the dependencies betwe ←
→ probabilistic matrix factorization for automated machine learning ; in order to achieve state - of - the - art performance , modern machine learning techniques require careful data pre - processing and hyperparameter tuning . moreover , given the ever increasing number of machine learning models being developed , model selection is becoming increasingly important . automating the selection and tuning of machine learning pipelines consisting of data pre - processing methods and machine learning models , has long been one of ←
→ character - level recurrent neural networks in practice : comparing training and sampling schemes ; recurrent neural networks are nowadays successfully used in an abundance of applications , going from text , speech and image processing to recommender systems . backpropagation through time is the algorithm that is commonly used to train these networks on specific tasks . many deep learning frameworks have their own implementation of training and sampling procedures for recurrent neural networks , while there are ←
→ calibration with changing checking rules and its application to short - term trading ; we provide a natural learning process in which a financial trader without a risk receives a gain in case when stock market is inefficient . in this process , the trader rationally choose his gambles using a prediction made by a randomized calibrated algorithm . our strategy is based on dawid ' s notion of calibration with more general changing checking rules and on some modification of kakade and foster ' s randomized algorithm ←
→ joining hands : exploiting monolingual treebanks for parsing of code - mixing data ; in this paper , we propose efficient and less resource - intensive strategies for parsing of code - mixed data . these strategies are not constrained by in - domain annotations , rather they leverage pre - existing monolingual annotated resources for training . we show that these methods can produce significantly better results as compared to an informed baseline . besides , we also present a data set of 450 hindi and english code - mixed t ←
→ optimizing sponsored search ranking strategy by deep reinforcement learning ; sponsored search is an indispensable business model and a major revenue contributor of almost all the search engines . from the advertisers ' side , participating in ranking the search results by paying for the sponsored search advertisement to attract more awareness and purchase facilitates their commercial goal . from the users ' side , presenting personalized advertisement reflecting their propensity would make their online search ←
→ asp for minimal entailment in a rational extension of sroel ; in this paper we exploit answer set programming ( asp ) for reasoning in a rational extension sroel - r - t of the low complexity description logic sroel , which underlies the owl el ontology language . in the extended language , a typicality operator t is allowed to define concepts t ( c ) ( typical c ' s ) under a rational semantics . it has been proven that instance checking under rational entailment has a polynomial complexity . to strengthen rational entailme ←
→ relations between assumption - based approaches in nonmonotonic logic and formal argumentation ; in this paper we make a contribution to the unification of formal models of defeasible reasoning . we present several translations between formal argumentation frameworks and nonmonotonic logics for reasoning with plausible assumptions . more specifically , we translate adaptive logics into assumption - based argumentation and aspic +, aspic + into assumption - based argumentation and a fragment of assumption - based argum ←
→ most central or least central ? how much modeling decisions influence a node ' s centrality ranking in multiplex networks ; to understand a node ' s centrality in a multiplex network , its centrality values in all the layers of the network can be aggregated . this requires a normalization of the values , to allow their meaningful comparison and aggregation over networks with different sizes and orders . the concrete choices of such preprocessing steps like normalization and aggregation are almost never discussed i ←
→ intensity - only optical compressive imaging using a multiply scattering material and a double phase retrieval approach ; in this paper , the problem of compressive imaging is addressed using natural randomization by means of a multiply scattering medium . to utilize the medium in this way , its corresponding transmission matrix must be estimated . to calibrate the imager , we use a digital micromirror device ( dmd ) as a simple , cheap , and high - resolution binary intensity modulator . we propose a phase retrieval a ←
→ two - pass discourse segmentation with pairing and global features ; previous attempts at rst - style discourse segmentation typically adopt features centered on a single token to predict whether to insert a boundary before that token . in contrast , we develop a discourse segmenter utilizing a set of pairing features , which are centered on a pair of adjacent tokens in the sentence , by equally taking into account the information from both tokens . moreover , we propose a novel set of global features , which encode c ←
→ how to sample if you must : on optimal functional sampling ; we examine a fundamental problem that models various active sampling setups , such as network tomography . we analyze sampling of a multivariate normal distribution with an unknown expectation that needs to be estimated : in our setup it is possible to sample the distribution from a given set of linear functionals , and the difficulty addressed is how to optimally select the combinations to achieve low estimation error . although this problem is in the ←
→ pca - aided fully convolutional networks for semantic segmentation of multi - channel fmri ; semantic segmentation of functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) makes great sense for pathology diagnosis and decision system of medical robots . the multi - channel fmri provides more information of the pathological features . but the increased amount of data causes complexity in feature detections . this paper proposes a principal component analysis ( pca )- aided fully convolutional network to particularly deal with ←
→ permutation invariant training of deep models for speaker - independent multi - talker speech separation ; we propose a novel deep learning model , which supports permutation invariant training ( pit ), for speaker independent multi - talker speech separation , commonly known as the cocktail - party problem . different from most of the prior arts that treat speech separation as a multi - class regression problem and the deep clustering technique that considers it a segmentation ( or clustering ) problem , our model optimiz ←
→ web similarity ; normalized web distance ( nwd ) is a similarity or normalized semantic distance based on the world wide web or any other large electronic database , for instance wikipedia , and a search engine that returns reliable aggregate page counts . for sets of search terms the nwd gives a similarity on a scale from 0 ( identical ) to 1 ( completely different ). the nwd approximates the similarity according to all ( upper semi ) computable properties . we develop the theory and give applications . the derivation o ←
→ multiplex model of mental lexicon reveals explosive learning in humans ; word similarities affect language acquisition and use in a multi - relational way barely accounted for in the literature . we propose a multiplex network representation of this mental lexicon of word similarities as a natural framework for investigating large - scale cognitive patterns . our representation accounts for semantic , taxonomic , and phonological interactions and it identifies a cluster of words which are used with greater frequenc ←
→ a brief summary of dictionary learning based approach for classification ; this note presents some representative methods which are based on dictionary learning ( dl ) for classification . we do not review the sophisticated methods or frameworks that involve dl for classification , such as online dl and spatial pyramid matching ( spm ), but rather , we concentrate on the direct dl - based classification methods . here , the " so - called direct dl - based method " is the approach directly deals with dl framework by adding s ←
→ a total fractional - order variation model for image restoration with non - homogeneous boundary conditions and its numerical solution ; to overcome the weakness of a total variation based model for image restoration , various high order ( typically second order ) regularization models have been proposed and studied recently . in this paper we analyze and test a fractional - order derivative based total $\ alpha $- order variation model , which can outperform the currently popular high order regularization models . ther ←
→ autoencoder with recurrent neural networks for video forgery detection ; video forgery detection is becoming an important issue in recent years , because modern editing software provide powerful and easy - to - use tools to manipulate videos . in this paper we propose to perform detection by means of deep learning , with an architecture based on autoencoders and recurrent neural networks . a training phase on a few pristine frames allows the autoencoder to learn an intrinsic model of the source . then , forged materi ←
→ bayesian belief updating of spatiotemporal seizure dynamics ; epileptic seizure activity shows complicated dynamics in both space and time . to understand the evolution and propagation of seizures spatially extended sets of data need to be analysed . we have previously described an efficient filtering scheme using variational laplace that can be used in the dynamic causal modelling ( dcm ) framework [ friston , 2003 ] to estimate the temporal dynamics of seizures recorded using either invasive or non - invasive elec ←
→ discretization of a matrix in the problem of quadratic functional binary minimization ; the capability of discretization of matrix elements in the problem of quadratic functional minimization with linear member built on matrix in n - dimensional configuration space with discrete coordinates is researched . it is shown , that optimal procedure of replacement matrix elements by the integer quantities with the limited number of gradations exist , and the efficient of minimization does not reduce . parameter depend ←
→ multi - view priors for learning detectors from sparse viewpoint data ; while the majority of today ' s object class models provide only 2d bounding boxes , far richer output hypotheses are desirable including viewpoint , fine - grained category , and 3d geometry estimate . however , models trained to provide richer output require larger amounts of training data , preferably well covering the relevant aspects such as viewpoint and fine - grained categories . in this paper , we address this issue from the perspective of tra ←
→ optimal auctions through deep learning ; designing an auction that maximizes expected revenue is an intricate task . indeed , as of today -- despite major efforts and impressive progress over the past few years -- only the single - item case is fully understood . in this work , we initiate the exploration of the use of tools from deep learning on this topic . the design objective is revenue optimal , dominant - strategy incentive compatible auctions . we show that multi - layer neural networks can learn almost - optimal aucti ←
→ dynamic ad allocation : bandits with budgets ; we consider an application of multi - armed bandits to internet advertising ( specifically , to dynamic ad allocation in the pay - per - click model , with uncertainty on the click probabilities ). we focus on an important practical issue that advertisers are constrained in how much money they can spend on their ad campaigns . this issue has not been considered in the prior work on bandit - based approaches for ad allocation , to the best of our knowledge . we define a simpl ←
→ deep region hashing for efficient large - scale instance search from images ; instance search ( ins ) is a fundamental problem for many applications , while it is more challenging comparing to traditional image search since the relevancy is defined at the instance level . existing works have demonstrated the success of many complex ensemble systems that are typically conducted by firstly generating object proposals , and then extracting handcrafted and / or cnn features of each proposal for matching . however , ob ←
→ swift : compiled inference for probabilistic programming languages ; a probabilistic program defines a probability measure over its semantic structures . one common goal of probabilistic programming languages ( ppls ) is to compute posterior probabilities for arbitrary models and queries , given observed evidence , using a generic inference engine . most ppl inference engines --- even the compiled ones --- incur significant runtime interpretation overhead , especially for contingent and open - universe models . this paper ←
→ effective use of dilated convolutions for segmenting small object instances in remote sensing imagery ; thanks to recent advances in cnns , solid improvements have been made in semantic segmentation of high resolution remote sensing imagery . however , most of the previous works have not fully taken into account the specific difficulties that exist in remote sensing tasks . one of such difficulties is that objects are small and crowded in remote sensing imagery . to tackle with this challenging task we have pr ←
→ causal learning and explanation of deep neural networks via autoencoded activations ; deep neural networks are complex and opaque . as they enter application in a variety of important and safety critical domains , users seek methods to explain their output predictions . we develop an approach to explaining deep neural networks by constructing causal models on salient concepts contained in a cnn . we develop methods to extract salient concepts throughout a target network by using autoencoders trained to extrac ←
→ a publicly available cross - platform lemmatizer for bulgarian ; our dictionary - based lemmatizer for the bulgarian language presented here is distributed as free software , publicly available to download and use under the gpl v3 license . the presented software is written entirely in java and is distributed as a gate plugin . to our best knowledge , at the time of writing this article , there are not any other free lemmatization tools specifically targeting the bulgarian language . the presented lemmatizer is a wor ←
→ scaling laws in human speech , decreasing emergence of new words and a generalized model ; human language , as a typical complex system , its organization and evolution is an attractive topic for both physical and cultural researchers . in this paper , we present the first exhaustive analysis of the text organization of human speech . two important results are that : ( i ) the construction and organization of spoken language can be characterized as zipf ' s law and heaps ' law , as observed in written texts ; ( ii ) word ←
→ inaccuracy minimization by partioning fuzzy data sets - validation of analystical methodology ; in the last two decades , a number of methods have been proposed for forecasting based on fuzzy time series . most of the fuzzy time series methods are presented for forecasting of car road accidents . however , the forecasting accuracy rates of the existing methods are not good enough . in this paper , we compared our proposed new method of fuzzy time series forecasting with existing methods . our method is based on ←
→ multi - person tracking by multicut and deep matching ; in [ 1 ], we proposed a graph - based formulation that links and clusters person hypotheses over time by solving a minimum cost subgraph multicut problem . in this paper , we modify and extend [ 1 ] in three ways : 1 ) we introduce a novel local pairwise feature based on local appearance matching that is robust to partial occlusion and camera motion . 2 ) we perform extensive experiments to compare different pairwise potentials and to analyze the robustness of the t ←
→ reasoning about soft constraints and conditional preferences : complexity results and approximation techniques ; many real life optimization problems contain both hard and soft constraints , as well as qualitative conditional preferences . however , there is no single formalism to specify all three kinds of information . we therefore propose a framework , based on both cp - nets and soft constraints , that handles both hard and soft constraints as well as conditional preferences efficiently and uniformly . we study ←
→ online segment to segment neural transduction ; we introduce an online neural sequence to sequence model that learns to alternate between encoding and decoding segments of the input as it is read . by independently tracking the encoding and decoding representations our algorithm permits exact polynomial marginalization of the latent segmentation during training , and during decoding beam search is employed to find the best alignment path together with the predicted output sequence . our model tackles the bottl ←
→ when saliency meets sentiment : understanding how image content invokes emotion and sentiment ; sentiment analysis is crucial for extracting social signals from social media content . due to the prevalence of images in social media , image sentiment analysis is receiving increasing attention in recent years . however , most existing systems are black - boxes that do not provide insight on how image content invokes sentiment and emotion in the viewers . psychological studies have confirmed that salient objects in ←
→ memristors can implement fuzzy logic ; in our work we propose implementing fuzzy logic using memristors . min and max operations are done by antipodally configured memristor circuits that may be assembled into computational circuits . we discuss computational power of such circuits with respect to m - efficiency and experimentally observed behavior of memristive devices . circuits implemented with real devices are likely to manifest learning behavior . the circuits presented in the work may be applicable for inst ←
→ automatic ranking of mt outputs using approximations ; since long , research on machine translation has been ongoing . still , we do not get good translations from mt engines so developed . manual ranking of these outputs tends to be very time consuming and expensive . identifying which one is better or worse than the others is a very taxing task . in this paper , we show an approach which can provide automatic ranks to mt outputs ( translations ) taken from different mt engines and which is based on n - gram approxim ←
→ tracking objects with higher order interactions using delayed column generation ; we study the problem of multi - target tracking and data association in video . we formulate this in terms of selecting a subset of high - quality tracks subject to the constraint that no pair of selected tracks is associated with a common detection ( of an object ). this objective is equivalent to the classic np - hard problem of finding a maximum - weight set packing ( mwsp ) where tracks correspond to sets and is made further difficul ←
→ the hawkwood database ; we present a database consisting of wood pile images , which can be used as a benchmark to evaluate the performance of wood pile detection and surveying algorithms . we distinguish six database cate - gories which can be used for different types of algorithms . images of real and synthetic scenes are provided , which consist of 7655 images divided into 354 data sets . depending on the category the data sets either include ground truth data or forestry specific measurements with which algor ←
→ dynamic mortality risk predictions in pediatric critical care using recurrent neural networks ; viewing the trajectory of a patient as a dynamical system , a recurrent neural network was developed to learn the course of patient encounters in the pediatric intensive care unit ( picu ) of a major tertiary care center . data extracted from electronic medical records ( emr ) of about 12000 patients who were admitted to the picu over a period of more than 10 years were leveraged . the rnn model ingests a sequence of ←
→ complex - valued kernel methods for regression ; usually , complex - valued rkhs are presented as an straightforward application of the real - valued case . in this paper we prove that this procedure yields a limited solution for regression . we show that another kernel , here denoted as pseudo kernel , is needed to learn any function in complex - valued fields . accordingly , we derive a novel rkhs to include it , the widely rkhs ( wrkhs ). when the pseudo - kernel cancels , wrkhs reduces to complex - valued rkhs of previous app ←
→ learning action models : qualitative approach ; in dynamic epistemic logic , actions are described using action models . in this paper we introduce a framework for studying learnability of action models from observations . we present first results concerning propositional action models . first we check two basic learnability criteria : finite identifiability ( conclusively inferring the appropriate action model in finite time ) and identifiability in the limit ( inconclusive convergence to the right action model ). w ←
→ information - theoretic limits for community detection in network models ; we analyze the information - theoretic limits for the recovery of node labels in several network models , including the stochastic block model , as well as the latent space model . for the stochastic block model , the non - recoverability condition depends on the probabilities of having edges inside a community , and between different communities . for the latent space model , the non - recoverability condition depends on the dimension of the laten ←
→ joint energy - based detection and classificationon of multilingual text lines ; this paper proposes a new hierarchical mdl - based model for a joint detection and classification of multilingual text lines in im - ages taken by hand - held cameras . the majority of related text detec - tion methods assume alphabet - based writing in a single language , e . g . in latin . they use simple clustering heuristics specific to such texts : prox - imity between letters within one line , larger distance between separate lines , etc . ←
→ signal reconstruction framework based on projections onto epigraph set of a convex cost function ( pesc ) ; a new signal processing framework based on making orthogonal projections onto the epigraph set of a convex cost function ( pesc ) is developed . in this way it is possible to solve convex optimization problems using the well - known projections onto convex set ( pocs ) approach . in this algorithm , the dimension of the minimization problem is lifted by one and a convex set corresponding to the epigraph of the ←
→ convergence of bayesian control rule ; recently , new approaches to adaptive control have sought to reformulate the problem as a minimization of a relative entropy criterion to obtain tractable solutions . in particular , it has been shown that minimizing the expected deviation from the causal input - output dependencies of the true plant leads to a new promising stochastic control rule called the bayesian control rule . this work proves the convergence of the bayesian control rule under two sufficient assumption ←
→ exploring question understanding and adaptation in neural - network - based question answering ; the last several years have seen intensive interest in exploring neural - network - based models for machine comprehension ( mc ) and question answering ( qa ). in this paper , we approach the problems by closely modelling questions in a neural network framework . we first introduce syntactic information to help encode questions . we then view and model different types of questions and the information shared among them as an ←
→ euretile 2010 - 2012 summary : first three years of activity of the european reference tiled experiment ; this is the summary of first three years of activity of the euretile fp7 project 247846 . euretile investigates and implements brain - inspired and fault - tolerant foundational innovations to the system architecture of massively parallel tiled computer architectures and the corresponding programming paradigm . the execution targets are a many - tile hw platform , and a many - tile simulator . a set of sw process - ←
→ the ( 1 +$ λ $) evolutionary algorithm with self - adjusting mutation rate ; we propose a new way to self - adjust the mutation rate in population - based evolutionary algorithms in discrete search spaces . roughly speaking , it consists of creating half the offspring with a mutation rate that is twice the current mutation rate and the other half with half the current rate . the mutation rate is then updated to the rate used in that subpopulation which contains the best offspring . we analyze how the $( 1 +\ lambda )$ ev ←
→ fully automated fact checking using external sources ; given the constantly growing proliferation of false claims online in recent years , there has been also a growing research interest in automatically distinguishing false rumors from factually true claims . here , we propose a general - purpose framework for fully - automatic fact checking using external sources , tapping the potential of the entire web as a knowledge source to confirm or reject a claim . our framework uses a deep neural network with lstm text en ←
→ discovering knowledge using a constraint - based language ; discovering pattern sets or global patterns is an attractive issue from the pattern mining community in order to provide useful information . by combining local patterns satisfying a joint meaning , this approach produces patterns of higher level and thus more useful for the data analyst than the usual local patterns , while reducing the number of patterns . in parallel , recent works investigating relationships between data mining and constraint programm ←
→ linearizing visual processes with convolutional variational autoencoders ; this work studies the problem of modeling non - linear visual processes by learning linear generative models from observed sequences . we propose a joint learning framework , combining a linear dynamic system and a variational autoencoder with convolutional layers . after discussing several conditions for linearizing neural networks , we propose an architecture that allows variational autoencoders to simultaneously learn the non - linear obs ←
→ analysing fuzzy sets through combining measures of similarity and distance ; reasoning with fuzzy sets can be achieved through measures such as similarity and distance . however , these measures can often give misleading results when considered independently , for example giving the same value for two different pairs of fuzzy sets . this is particularly a problem where many fuzzy sets are generated from real data , and while two different measures may be used to automatically compare such fuzzy sets , it is dif ←
→ knowledge - based decision model construction for hierarchical diagnosis : a preliminary report ; numerous methods for probabilistic reasoning in large , complex belief or decision networks are currently being developed . there has been little research on automating the dynamic , incremental construction of decision models . a uniform value - driven method of decision model construction is proposed for the hierarchical complete diagnosis . hierarchical complete diagnostic reasoning is formulated as a stochastic pro ←
→ probabilistic logic programming under inheritance with overriding ; we present probabilistic logic programming under inheritance with overriding . this approach is based on new notions of entailment for reasoning with conditional constraints , which are obtained from the classical notion of logical entailment by adding the principle of inheritance with overriding . this is done by using recent approaches to probabilistic default reasoning with conditional constraints . we analyze the semantic properties of the ←
→ m2cai workflow challenge : convolutional neural networks with time smoothing and hidden markov model for video frames classification ; our approach is among the three best to tackle the m2cai workflow challenge . the latter consists in recognizing the operation phase for each frames of endoscopic videos . in this technical report , we compare several classification models and temporal smoothing methods . our submitted solution is a fine tuned residual network - 200 on 80 % of the training set with temporal smooth ←
→ a proposal for a chinese keyboard for cellphones , smartphones , ipads and tablets ; in this paper , we investigate the possibility to use two tilings of the hyperbolic plane as basic frame for devising a way to input texts in chinese characters into messages of cellphones , smartphones , ipads and tablets .←
→ neural network reinforcement learning for audio - visual gaze control in human - robot interaction ; this paper introduces a novel neural network - based reinforcement learning approach for robot gaze control . our approach enables a robot to learn and adapt its gaze control strategy for human - robot interaction without the use of external sensors or human supervision . the robot learns to focus its attention on groups of people from its own audio - visual experiences , and independently of the number of people in th ←
→ anytime bi - objective optimization with a hybrid multi - objective cma - es ( hmo - cma - es ) ; we propose a multi - objective optimization algorithm aimed at achieving good anytime performance over a wide range of problems . performance is assessed in terms of the hypervolume metric . the algorithm called hmo - cma - es represents a hybrid of several old and new variants of cma - es , complemented by bobyqa as a warm start . we benchmark hmo - cma - es on the recently introduced bi - objective problem suite of the coco framework ( c ←
→ composite gaussian processes : scalable computation and performance analysis ; gaussian process ( gp ) models provide a powerful tool for prediction but are computationally prohibitive using large data sets . in such scenarios , one has to resort to approximate methods . we derive an approximation based on a composite likelihood approach using a general belief updating framework , which leads to a recursive computation of the predictor as well as of learning the hyper - parameters . we then provide an analysis of t ←
→ adversarial training and dilated convolutions for brain mri segmentation ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have been applied to various automatic image segmentation tasks in medical image analysis , including brain mri segmentation . generative adversarial networks have recently gained popularity because of their power in generating images that are difficult to distinguish from real images . in this study we use an adversarial training approach to improve cnn - based brain mri segmentation . to this end , w ←
→ a + d - net : shadow detection with adversarial shadow attenuation ; single image shadow detection is a very challenging problem because of the limited amount of information available in one image , as well as the scarcity of annotated training data . in this work , we propose a novel adversarial training based framework that yields a high performance shadow detection network ( d - net ). d - net is trained together with an attenuator network ( a - net ) that generates adversarial training examples . a - net performs shadow att ←
→ hierarchical label inference for video classification ; videos are a rich source of high - dimensional structured data , with a wide range of interacting components at varying levels of granularity . in order to improve understanding of unconstrained internet videos , it is important to consider the role of labels at separate levels of abstraction . in this paper , we consider the use of the bidirectional inference neural network ( binn ) for performing graph - based inference in label space for the task of video clas ←
→ training algorithm for neuro - fuzzy network based on singular spectrum analysis ; in this article , we propose a combination of an noise - reduction algorithm based on singular spectrum analysis ( ssa ) and a standard feedforward neural prediction model . basically , the proposed algorithm consists of two different steps : data preprocessing based on the ssa filtering method and step - by - step training procedure in which we use a simple feedforward multilayer neural network with backpropagation learning . the propose ←
→ on the effectiveness of least squares generative adversarial networks ; unsupervised learning with generative adversarial networks ( gans ) has proven hugely successful . regular gans hypothesize the discriminator as a classifier with the sigmoid cross entropy loss function . however , we found that this loss function may lead to the vanishing gradients problem during the learning process . to overcome such a problem , we propose in this paper the least squares generative adversarial networks ( lsgans ) which adopt ←
→ exploiting reputation in distributed virtual environments ; the cognitive research on reputation has shown several interesting properties that can improve both the quality of services and the security in distributed electronic environments . in this paper , the impact of reputation on decision - making under scarcity of information will be shown . first , a cognitive theory of reputation will be presented , then a selection of simulation experimental results from different studies will be discussed . such results c ←
→ n - opcode analysis for android malware classification and categorization ; malware detection is a growing problem particularly on the android mobile platform due to its increasing popularity and accessibility to numerous third party app markets . this has also been made worse by the increasingly sophisticated detection avoidance techniques employed by emerging malware families . this calls for more effective techniques for detection and classification of android malware . hence , in this paper we present an n - op ←
→ exploiting layerwise convexity of rectifier networks with sign constrained weights ; by introducing sign constraints on the weights , this paper proposes sign constrained rectifier networks ( scrns ), whose training can be solved efficiently by the well known majorization - minimization ( mm ) algorithms . we prove that the proposed two - hidden - layer scrns , which exhibit negative weights in the second hidden layer and negative weights in the output layer , are capable of separating any two ( or more ) disjoint patter ←
→ bayesian neighbourhood component analysis ; learning a good distance metric in feature space potentially improves the performance of the knn classifier and is useful in many real - world applications . many metric learning algorithms are however based on the point estimation of a quadratic optimization problem , which is time - consuming , susceptible to overfitting , and lack a natural mechanism to reason with parameter uncertainty , an important property useful especially when the training set is small and / or nois ←
→ graph laplacians on singular manifolds : toward understanding complex spaces : graph laplacians on manifolds with singularities and boundaries ; recently , much of the existing work in manifold learning has been done under the assumption that the data is sampled from a manifold without boundaries and singularities or that the functions of interest are evaluated away from such points . at the same time , it can be argued that singularities and boundaries are an important aspect of the geometry of realistic data ←
→ an approach to vehicle trajectory prediction using automatically generated traffic maps ; trajectory and intention prediction of traffic participants is an important task in automated driving and crucial for safe interaction with the environment . in this paper , we present a new approach to vehicle trajectory prediction based on automatically generated maps containing statistical information about the behavior of traffic participants in a given area . these maps are generated based on trajectory observation ←
→ forward thinking : building and training neural networks one layer at a time ; we present a general framework for training deep neural networks without backpropagation . this substantially decreases training time and also allows for construction of deep networks with many sorts of learners , including networks whose layers are defined by functions that are not easily differentiated , like decision trees . the main idea is that layers can be trained one at a time , and once they are trained , the input data are m ←
→ fast feature fool : a data independent approach to universal adversarial perturbations ; state - of - the - art object recognition convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are shown to be fooled by image agnostic perturbations , called universal adversarial perturbations . it is also observed that these perturbations generalize across multiple networks trained on the same target data . however , these algorithms require training data on which the cnns were trained and compute adversarial perturbations via complex optimi ←
→ ponyge2 : grammatical evolution in python ; grammatical evolution ( ge ) is a population - based evolutionary algorithm , where a formal grammar is used in the genotype to phenotype mapping process . ponyge2 is an open source implementation of ge in python , developed at ucd ' s natural computing research and applications group . it is intended as an advertisement and a starting - point for those new to ge , a reference for students and researchers , a rapid - prototyping medium for our own experiments , and a python workout ←
→ marked temporal dynamics modeling based on recurrent neural network ; we are now witnessing the increasing availability of event stream data , i . e ., a sequence of events with each event typically being denoted by the time it occurs and its mark information ( e . g ., event type ). a fundamental problem is to model and predict such kind of marked temporal dynamics , i . e ., when the next event will take place and what its mark will be . existing methods either predict only the mark or the time of the next event , or pr ←
→ batfled : bayesian tensor factorization linked to external data ; the vast majority of current machine learning algorithms are designed to predict single responses or a vector of responses , yet many types of response are more naturally organized as matrices or higher - order tensor objects where characteristics are shared across modes . we present a new machine learning algorithm batfled ( bayesian tensor factorization linked to external data ) that predicts values in a three - dimensional response tensor using inp ←
→ lexical co - occurrence , statistical significance , and word association ; lexical co - occurrence is an important cue for detecting word associations . we present a theoretical framework for discovering statistically significant lexical co - occurrences from a given corpus . in contrast with the prevalent practice of giving weightage to unigram frequencies , we focus only on the documents containing both the terms ( of a candidate bigram ). we detect biases in span distributions of associated words , while being agnost ←
→ learning deep generative models of graphs ; graphs are fundamental data structures which concisely capture the relational structure in many important real - world domains , such as knowledge graphs , physical and social interactions , language , and chemistry . here we introduce a powerful new approach for learning generative models over graphs , which can capture both their structure and attributes . our approach uses graph neural networks to express probabilistic dependencies among a graph ' s nodes and edges , and c ←
→ an introduction to synchronous self - learning pareto strategy ; in last decades optimization and control of complex systems that possessed various conflicted objectives simultaneously attracted an incremental interest of scientists . this is because of the vast applications of these systems in various fields of real life engineering phenomena that are generally multi modal , non convex and multi criterion . hence , many researchers utilized versatile intelligent models such as pareto based techniques , game theor ←
→ feature selection based on confidence machine ; in machine learning and pattern recognition , feature selection has been a hot topic in the literature . unsupervised feature selection is challenging due to the loss of labels which would supply the related information . how to define an appropriate metric is the key for feature selection . we propose a filter method for unsupervised feature selection which is based on the confidence machine . confidence machine offers an estimation of confidence on a feature ' relia ←
→ deep online convex optimization with gated games ; methods from convex optimization are widely used as building blocks for deep learning algorithms . however , the reasons for their empirical success are unclear , since modern convolutional networks ( convnets ), incorporating rectifier units and max - pooling , are neither smooth nor convex . standard guarantees therefore do not apply . this paper provides the first convergence rates for gradient descent on rectifier convnets . the proof utilizes the particular struc ←
→ building a telescope to look into high - dimensional image spaces ; an image pattern can be represented by a probability distribution whose density is concentrated on different low - dimensional subspaces in the high - dimensional image space . such probability densities have an astronomical number of local modes corresponding to typical pattern appearances . related groups of modes can join to form macroscopic image basins that represent pattern concepts . recent works use neural networks that capture high - order im ←
→ spectrum management for cognitive radio based on genetics algorithm ; spectrum scarceness is one of the major challenges that the present world is facing . the efficient use of existing licensed spectrum is becoming most critical as growing demand of the radio spectrum . different researches show that the use of licensed are not utilized inefficiently . it has been also shown that primary user does not use more than 70 % of the licensed frequency band most of the time . many researchers are trying to found the t ←
→ diversity - aware multi - video summarization ; most video summarization approaches have focused on extracting a summary from a single video ; we propose an unsupervised framework for summarizing a collection of videos . we observe that each video in the collection may contain some information that other videos do not have , and thus exploring the underlying complementarity could be beneficial in creating a diverse informative summary . we develop a novel diversity - aware sparse optimization method for multi - video s ←
→ a versatile , sound tool for simplifying definitions ; we present a tool , simplify - defun , that transforms the definition of a given function into a simplified definition of a new function , providing a proof checked by acl2 that the old and new functions are equivalent . when appropriate it also generates termination and guard proofs for the new function . we explain how the tool is engineered so that these proofs will succeed . examples illustrate its utility , in particular for program transformation in synthes ←
→ survey schemes for stochastic gradient descent with applications to m - estimation ; in certain situations that shall be undoubtedly more and more common in the big data era , the datasets available are so massive that computing statistics over the full sample is hardly feasible , if not unfeasible . a natural approach in this context consists in using survey schemes and substituting the " full data " statistics with their counterparts based on the resulting random samples , of manageable size . it is the main pur ←
→ a directional feature with energy based offline signature verification network ; signature used as a biometric is implemented in various systems as well as every signature signed by each person is distinct at the same time . so , it is very important to have a computerized signature verification system . in offline signature verification system dynamic features are not available obviously , but one can use a signature as an image and apply image processing techniques to make an effective offline signature ver ←
→ the divide - and - conquer subgoal - ordering algorithm for speeding up logic inference ; it is common to view programs as a combination of logic and control : the logic part defines what the program must do , the control part -- how to do it . the logic programming paradigm was developed with the intention of separating the logic from the control . recently , extensive research has been conducted on automatic generation of control for logic programs . only a few of these works considered the issue of automatic gener ←
→ stochastic metamorphosis with template uncertainties ; in this paper , we investigate two stochastic perturbations of the metamorphosis equations of image analysis , in the geometrical context of the euler - poincar \' e theory . in the metamorphosis of images , the lie group of diffeomorphisms deforms a template image that is undergoing its own internal dynamics as it deforms . this type of deformation allows more freedom for image matching and has analogies with complex fluids when the template properties are rega ←
→ discriminative label consistent domain adaptation ; domain adaptation ( da ) is transfer learning which aims to learn an effective predictor on target data from source data despite data distribution mismatch between source and target . we present in this paper a novel unsupervised da method for cross - domain visual recognition which simultaneously optimizes the three terms of a theoretically established error bound . specifically , the proposed da method iteratively searches a latent shared feature subspace where ←
→ distributed robust power system state estimation ; deregulation of energy markets , penetration of renewables , advanced metering capabilities , and the urge for situational awareness , all call for system - wide power system state estimation ( psse ). implementing a centralized estimator though is practically infeasible due to the complexity scale of an interconnection , the communication bottleneck in real - time monitoring , regional disclosure policies , and reliability issues . in this context , distributed psse meth ←
→ sparse lms via online linearized bregman iteration ; we propose a version of least - mean - square ( lms ) algorithm for sparse system identification . our algorithm called online linearized bregman iteration ( olbi ) is derived from minimizing the cumulative prediction error squared along with an l1 - l2 norm regularizer . by systematically treating the non - differentiable regularizer we arrive at a simple two - step iteration . we demonstrate that olbi is bias free and compare its operation with existing sparse lms algor ←
→ identifying conditional causal effects ; this paper concerns the assessment of the effects of actions from a combination of nonexperimental data and causal assumptions encoded in the form of a directed acyclic graph in which some variables are presumed to be unobserved . we provide a procedure that systematically identifies cause effects between two sets of variables conditioned on some other variables , in time polynomial in the number of variables in the graph . the identifiable conditional causal effects ar ←
→ predicting occupancy trends in barcelona ' s bicycle service stations using open data ; in 2008 , the ceo of the company that manages and maintains the public bicycle service in barcelona recognized that one may not expect to always find a place to leave the rented bike nearby their destination , similarly to the case when , driving a car , people may not find a parking lot . in this work , we make predictions about the statuses of the stations of the public bicycle service in barcelona . we show that it is feasib ←
→ gated networks : an inventory ; gated networks are networks that contain gating connections , in which the outputs of at least two neurons are multiplied . initially , gated networks were used to learn relationships between two input sources , such as pixels from two images . more recently , they have been applied to learning activity recognition or multi - modal representations . the aims of this paper are threefold : 1 ) to explain the basic computations in gated networks to the non - expert , while adopting a standpoin ←
→ on labeling android malware signatures using minhashing and further classification with structural equation models ; multi - scanner antivirus systems provide insightful information on the nature of a suspect application ; however there is often a lack of consensus and consistency between different anti - virus engines . in this article , we analyze more than 250 thousand malware signatures generated by 61 different anti - virus engines after analyzing 82 thousand different android malware applications . we identif ←
→ latent hinge - minimax risk minimization for inference from a small number of training samples ; deep learning ( dl ) methods show very good performance when trained on large , balanced data sets . however , many practical problems involve imbalanced data sets , or / and classes with a small number of training samples . the performance of dl methods as well as more traditional classifiers drops significantly in such settings . most of the existing solutions for imbalanced problems focus on customizing the data for tr ←
→ freedom : a measure of second - order uncertainty for intervalic probability schemes ; this paper discusses a new measure that is adaptable to certain intervalic probability frameworks , possibility theory , and belief theory . as such , it has the potential for wide use in knowledge engineering , expert systems , and related problems in the human sciences . this measure ( denoted here by f ) has been introduced in smithson ( 1988 ) and is more formally discussed in smithson ( 1989a ) o here , i propose to outline the conc ←
→ technical note : exploring σ ^ p_2 / π ^ p_2 - hardness for argumentation problems with fixed distance to tractable classes ; we study the complexity of reasoning in abstracts argumentation frameworks close to graph classes that allow for efficient reasoning methods , i . e .\ to one of the classes of acyclic , noeven , biparite and symmetric afs . in this work we show that certain reasoning problems on the second level of the polynomial hierarchy still maintain their full complexity when restricted to instances of fix ←
→ learning topic - sensitive word representations ; distributed word representations are widely used for modeling words in nlp tasks . most of the existing models generate one representation per word and do not consider different meanings of a word . we present two approaches to learn multiple topic - sensitive representations per word by using hierarchical dirichlet process . we observe that by modeling topics and integrating topic distributions for each document we obtain representations that are able to distingui ←
→ group factor analysis ; factor analysis provides linear factors that describe relationships between individual variables of a data set . we extend this classical formulation into linear factors that describe relationships between groups of variables , where each group represents either a set of related variables or a data set . the model also naturally extends canonical correlation analysis to more than two sets , in a way that is more flexible than previous extensions . our solution is formulated as variational ←
→ quality assessment of the mpeg - 4 scalable video codec ; in this paper , the performance of the emerging mpeg - 4 svc codec is evaluated . in the first part , a brief introduction on the subject of quality assessment and the development of the mpeg - 4 svc codec is given . after that , the used test methodologies are described in detail , followed by an explanation of the actual test scenarios . the main part of this work concentrates on the performance analysis of the mpeg - 4 svc codec - both objective and subjective .←
→ shift - invariance sparse coding for audio classification ; sparse coding is an unsupervised learning algorithm that learns a succinct high - level representation of the inputs given only unlabeled data ; it represents each input as a sparse linear combination of a set of basis functions . originally applied to modeling the human visual cortex , sparse coding has also been shown to be useful for self - taught learning , in which the goal is to solve a supervised classification task given access to additional unlabele ←
→ language , logic and ontology : uncovering the structure of commonsense knowledge ; the purpose of this paper is twofold : ( i ) we argue that the structure of commonsense knowledge must be discovered , rather than invented ; and ( ii ) we argue that natural language , which is the best known theory of our ( shared ) commonsense knowledge , should itself be used as a guide to discovering the structure of commonsense knowledge . in addition to suggesting a systematic method to the discovery of the structure of commonsen ←
→ contrast enhancement and brightness preservation using multi - decomposition histogram equalization ; histogram equalization ( he ) has been an essential addition to the image enhancement world . enhancement techniques like classical histogram equalization ( che ), adaptive histogram equalization ( adhe ), bi - histogram equalization ( bhe ) and recursive mean separate histogram equalization ( rmshe ) methods enhance contrast , however , brightness is not well preserved with these methods , which gives an unpleasant look ←
→ linear time clustering for high dimensional mixtures of gaussian clouds ; clustering mixtures of gaussian distributions is a fundamental and challenging problem that is ubiquitous in various high - dimensional data processing tasks . while state - of - the - art work on learning gaussian mixture models has focused primarily on improving separation bounds and their generalization to arbitrary classes of mixture models , less emphasis has been paid to practical computational efficiency of the proposed solutions . in thi ←
→ merf : morphology - based entity and relational entity extraction framework for arabic ; rule - based techniques and tools to extract entities and relational entities from documents allow users to specify desired entities using natural language questions , finite state automata , regular expressions , structured query language statements , or proprietary scripts . these techniques and tools require expertise in linguistics and programming and lack support of arabic morphological analysis which is key to process ara ←
→ pervasive flexibility in living technologies through degeneracy based design ; the capacity to adapt can greatly influence the success of systems that need to compensate for damaged parts , learn how to achieve robust performance in new environments , or exploit novel opportunities that originate from new technological interfaces or emerging markets . many of the conditions in which technology is required to adapt cannot be anticipated during its design stage , creating a significant challenge for the designe ←
→ 3d shape induction from 2d views of multiple objects ; in this paper we investigate the problem of inducing a distribution over three - dimensional structures given two - dimensional views of multiple objects taken from unknown viewpoints . our approach called " projective generative adversarial networks " ( prgans ) trains a deep generative model of 3d shapes whose projections match the distributions of the input 2d views . the addition of a projection module allows us to infer the underlying 3d shape distribution w ←
→ query complexity of clustering with side information ; suppose , we are given a set of $ n $ elements to be clustered into $ k $ ( unknown ) clusters , and an oracle / expert labeler that can interactively answer pair - wise queries of the form , " do two elements $ u $ and $ v $ belong to the same cluster ?". the goal is to recover the optimum clustering by asking the minimum number of queries . in this paper , we initiate a rigorous theoretical study of this basic problem of query complexity of interactive clustering , and pro ←
→ gpu accelerated fractal image compression for medical imaging in parallel computing platform ; in this paper , we implemented both sequential and parallel version of fractal image compression algorithms using cuda ( compute unified device architecture ) programming model for parallelizing the program in graphics processing unit for medical images , as they are highly similar within the image itself . there are several improvement in the implementation of the algorithm as well . fractal image compression is base ←
→ dependency - based convolutional neural networks for sentence embedding ; in sentence modeling and classification , convolutional neural network approaches have recently achieved state - of - the - art results , but all such efforts process word vectors sequentially and neglect long - distance dependencies . to exploit both deep learning and linguistic structures , we propose a tree - based convolutional neural network model which exploit various long - distance relationships between words . our model improves the sequential ←
→ offline signature - based fuzzy vault ( osfv : review and new results ; an offline signature - based fuzzy vault ( osfv ) is a bio - cryptographic implementation that uses handwritten signature images as biometrics instead of traditional passwords to secure private cryptographic keys . having a reliable osfv implementation is the first step towards automating financial and legal authentication processes , as it provides greater security of confidential documents by means of the embedded handwritten signatures . the auth ←
→ defect detection techniques for airbag production sewing stages ; airbags are subject to strict quality control in order to ensure passengers safety . the quality of fabric and sewing thread influence the final product and therefore , sewing defects must be early and accurately detected , in order to remove the item from production . airbag seams assembly can take various forms , using linear and circle primitives , with threads of different colors and length densities , creating lockstitch or double threads chain ←
→ high - speed tracking with kernelized correlation filters ; the core component of most modern trackers is a discriminative classifier , tasked with distinguishing between the target and the surrounding environment . to cope with natural image changes , this classifier is typically trained with translated and scaled sample patches . such sets of samples are riddled with redundancies -- any overlapping pixels are constrained to be the same . based on this simple observation , we propose an analytic model for datasets ←
→ event in compositional dynamic semantics ; we present a framework which constructs an event - style dis - course semantics . the discourse dynamics are encoded in continuation semantics and various rhetorical relations are embedded in the resulting interpretation of the framework . we assume discourse and sentence are distinct semantic objects , that play different roles in meaning evalua - tion . moreover , two sets of composition functions , for handling different discourse relations , are introduced . the paper firs ←
→ the natural stories corpus ; it is now a common practice to compare models of human language processing by predicting participant reactions ( such as reading times ) to corpora consisting of rich naturalistic linguistic materials . however , many of the corpora used in these studies are based on naturalistic text and thus do not contain many of the low - frequency syntactic constructions that are often required to distinguish processing theories . here we describe a new corpus consisting of english texts edited to ←
→ a clustering analysis of tweet length and its relation to sentiment ; sentiment analysis of twitter data is performed . the researcher has made the following contributions via this paper : ( 1 ) an innovative method for deriving sentiment score dictionaries using an existing sentiment dictionary as seed words is explored , and ( 2 ) an analysis of clustered tweet sentiment scores based on tweet length is performed .←
→ dynamic matrix factorization : a state space approach ; matrix factorization from a small number of observed entries has recently garnered much attention as the key ingredient of successful recommendation systems . one unresolved problem in this area is how to adapt current methods to handle changing user preferences over time . recent proposals to address this issue are heuristic in nature and do not fully exploit the time - dependent structure of the problem . as a principled and general temporal formulation , w ←
→ coordinates : probabilistic forecasting of presence and availability ; we present methods employed in coordinate , a prototype service that supports collaboration and communication by learning predictive models that provide forecasts of users s and availability . we describe how data is collected about user activity and proximity from multiple devices , in addition to analysis of the content of users , the time of day , and day of week . we review applications of presence forecasting embedded in the priorities appl ←
→ requirements for open - ended evolution in natural and artificial systems ; open - ended evolutionary dynamics remains an elusive goal for artificial evolutionary systems . many ideas exist in the biological literature beyond the basic darwinian requirements of variation , differential reproduction and inheritance . i argue that these ideas can be seen as aspects of five fundamental requirements for open - ended evolution : ( 1 ) robustly reproductive individuals , ( 2 ) a medium allowing the possible existence of a pract ←
→ e - commerce product classification : our participation at cdiscount 2015 challenge ; this report describes our participation in the cdiscount 2015 challenge where the goal was to classify product items in a predefined taxonomy of products . our best submission yielded an accuracy score of 64 . 20 \% in the private part of the leaderboard and we were ranked 10th out of 175 participating teams . we followed a text classification approach employing mainly linear models . the final solution was a weighted voting syst ←
→ ontology based sms controller for smart phones ; text analysis includes lexical analysis of the text and has been widely studied and used in diverse applications . in the last decade , researchers have proposed many efficient solutions to analyze / classify large text dataset , however , analysis / classification of short text is still a challenge because 1 ) the data is very sparse 2 ) it contains noise words and 3 ) it is difficult to understand the syntactical structure of the text . short messaging service ( sms ←
→ solving the resource constrained project scheduling problem using the parallel tabu search designed for the cuda platform ; in the paper , a parallel tabu search algorithm for the resource constrained project scheduling problem is proposed . to deal with this np - hard combinatorial problem many optimizations have been performed . for example , a resource evaluation algorithm is selected by a heuristic and an effective tabu list was designed . in addition to that , a capacity - indexed resource evaluation algorithm ←
→ story generation and aviation incident representation ; this working note discusses the topic of story generation , with a view to identifying the knowledge required to understand aviation incident narratives ( which have structural similarities to stories ), following the premise that to understand aviation incidents , one should at least be able to generate examples of them . we give a brief overview of aviation incidents and their relation to stories , and then describe two of our earlier attempts ( using ` scri ←
→ probabilistic conflict resolution in hierarchical hypothesis spaces ; artificial intelligence applications such as industrial robotics , military surveillance , and hazardous environment clean - up , require situation understanding based on partial , uncertain , and ambiguous or erroneous evidence . it is necessary to evaluate the relative likelihood of multiple possible hypotheses of the ( current ) situation faced by the decision making program . often , the evidence and hypotheses are hierarchical in nature . in imag ←
→ gibbs sampling in factorized continuous - time markov processes ; a central task in many applications is reasoning about processes that change over continuous time . continuous - time bayesian networks is a general compact representation language for multi - component continuous - time processes . however , exact inference in such processes is exponential in the number of components , and thus infeasible for most models of interest . here we develop a novel gibbs sampling procedure for multi - component processes . this pr ←
→ vehicle pose and shape estimation through multiple monocular vision ; in this paper , we present an accurate approach to estimate vehicles ' pose and shape from off - board multiview images . the images are taken by monocular cameras and have small overlaps . we utilize state - of - the - art convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) to extract vehicles ' semantic keypoints and introduce a cross projection optimization ( cpo ) method to estimate the 3d pose . during the iterative cpo process , an adaptive shape adjustment method ←
→ multitask learning for fine - grained twitter sentiment analysis ; traditional sentiment analysis approaches tackle problems like ternary ( 3 - category ) and fine - grained ( 5 - category ) classification by learning the tasks separately . we argue that such classification tasks are correlated and we propose a multitask approach based on a recurrent neural network that benefits by jointly learning them . our study demonstrates the potential of multitask models on this type of problems and improves the state - of - the - art r ←
→ physics informed deep learning ( part ii ): data - driven discovery of nonlinear partial differential equations ; we introduce physics informed neural networks -- neural networks that are trained to solve supervised learning tasks while respecting any given law of physics described by general nonlinear partial differential equations . in this second part of our two - part treatise , we focus on the problem of data - driven discovery of partial differential equations . depending on whether the available data is scatt ←
→ real - time inference with large - scale temporal bayes nets ; an increasing number of applications require real - time reasoning under uncertainty with streaming input . the temporal ( dynamic ) bayes net formalism provides a powerful representational framework for such applications . however , existing exact inference algorithms for dynamic bayes nets do not scale to the size of models required for real world applications which often contain hundreds or even thousands of variables for each time slice . in addition , e ←
→ simultaneous block - sparse signal recovery using pattern - coupled sparse bayesian learning ; in this paper , we consider the block - sparse signals recovery problem in the context of multiple measurement vectors ( mmv ) with common row sparsity patterns . we develop a new method for recovery of common row sparsity mmv signals , where a pattern - coupled hierarchical gaussian prior model is introduced to characterize both the block - sparsity of the coefficients and the statistical dependency between neighboring coeffi ←
→ interpreting deep visual representations via network dissection ; the success of recent deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) depends on learning hidden representations that can summarize the important factors of variation behind the data . however , cnns often criticized as being black boxes that lack interpretability , since they have millions of unexplained model parameters . in this work , we describe network dissection , a method that interprets networks by providing labels for the units of their deep vi ←
→ an n - dimensional approach towards object based classification of remotely sensed imagery ; remote sensing techniques are widely used for land cover classification and urban analysis . the availability of high resolution remote sensing imagery limits the level of classification accuracy attainable from pixel - based approach . in this paper object - based classification scheme based on a hierarchical support vector machine is introduced . by combining spatial and spectral information , the amount of overlap betwee ←
→ fast single image super - resolution based on sigmoid transformation ; single image super - resolution aims to generate a high - resolution image from a single low - resolution image , which is of great significance in extensive applications . as an ill - posed problem , numerous methods have been proposed to reconstruct the missing image details based on exemplars or priors . in this paper , we propose a fast and simple single image super - resolution strategy utilizing patch - wise sigmoid transformation as an imposed sharp ←
→ iterative grassmannian optimization for robust image alignment ; robust high - dimensional data processing has witnessed an exciting development in recent years , as theoretical results have shown that it is possible using convex programming to optimize data fit to a low - rank component plus a sparse outlier component . this problem is also known as robust pca , and it has found application in many areas of computer vision . in image and video processing and face recognition , the opportunity to process massive ima ←
→ a model of spatial thinking for computational intelligence ; trying to be effective ( no matter who exactly and in what field ) a person face the problem which inevitably destroys all our attempts to easily get to a desired goal . the problem is the existence of some insuperable barriers for our mind , anotherwords barriers for principles of thinking . they are our clue and main reason for research . here we investigate these barriers and their features exposing the nature of mental process . we start from special ←
→ spectral method and regularized mle are both optimal for top -$ k $ ranking ; this paper is concerned with the problem of top -$ k $ ranking from pairwise comparisons . given a collection of $ n $ items and a few pairwise binary comparisons across them , one wishes to identify the set of $ k $ items that receive the highest ranks . to tackle this problem , we adopt the logistic parametric model --- the bradley - terry - luce model , where each item is assigned a latent preference score , and where the outcome of each pairwise co ←
→ the case for a mixed - initiative collaborative neuroevolution approach ; it is clear that the current attempts at using algorithms to create artificial neural networks have had mixed success at best when it comes to creating large networks and / or complex behavior . this should not be unexpected , as creating an artificial brain is essentially a design problem . human design ingenuity still surpasses computational design for most tasks in most domains , including architecture , game design , and authoring literary ←
→ a first - order temporal logic for actions ; we present a multi - modal action logic with first - order modalities , which contain terms which can be unified with the terms inside the subsequent formulas and which can be quantified . this makes it possible to handle simultaneously time and states . we discuss applications of this language to action theory where it is possible to express many temporal aspects of actions , as for example , beginning , end , time points , delayed preconditions and results , duration and many ←
→ hirarchical digital image inpainting using wavelets ; inpainting is the technique of reconstructing unknown or damaged portions of an image in a visually plausible way . inpainting algorithm automatically fills the damaged region in an image using the information available in undamaged region . propagation of structure and texture information becomes a challenge as the size of damaged area increases . in this paper , a hierarchical inpainting algorithm using wavelets is proposed . the hierarchical method tries t ←
→ efficient online bandit multiclass learning with $\ tilde { o }(\ sqrt { t })$ regret ; we present an efficient second - order algorithm with $\ tilde { o }(\ frac { 1 }{\ eta }\ sqrt { t })$ regret for the bandit online multiclass problem . the regret bound holds simultaneously with respect to a family of loss functions parameterized by $\ eta $, for a range of $\ eta $ restricted by the norm of the competitor . the family of loss functions ranges from hinge loss ($\ eta = 0 $) to squared hinge loss ($\ eta = 1 $). this provides a solution t ←
→ a computer composes a fabled problem : four knights vs . queen ; we explain how the prototype automatic chess problem composer , chesthetica , successfully composed a rare and interesting chess problem using the new digital synaptic neural substrate ( dsns ) computational creativity approach . this problem represents a greater challenge from a creative standpoint because the checkmate is not always clear and the method of winning even less so . creating a decisive chess problem of this type without the aid of an om ←
→ tops : ensemble learning with trees of predictors ; we present a new approach to ensemble learning . our approach constructs a tree of subsets of the feature space and associates a predictor ( predictive model ) - determined by training one of a given family of base learners on an endogenously determined training set - to each node of the tree ; we call the resulting object a tree of predictors . the ( locally ) optimal tree of predictors is derived recursively ; each step involves jointly optimizing the split of th ←
→ intelligent search of correlated alarms from database containing noise data ; alarm correlation plays an important role in improving the service and reliability in modern telecommunications networks . most previous research of alarm correlation didn ' t consider the effect of noise data in database . this paper focuses on the method of discovering alarm correlation rules from database containing noise data . we firstly define two parameters win_freq and win_add as the measure of noise data and then present the ←
→ multistage hybrid arabic / indian numeral ocr system ; the use of ocr in postal services is not yet universal and there are still many countries that process mail sorting manually . automated arabic / indian numeral optical character recognition ( ocr ) systems for postal services are being used in some countries , but still there are errors during the mail sorting process , thus causing a reduction in efficiency . the need to investigate fast and efficient recognition algorithms / systems is important so as to correct ←
→ algorithmic composition of melodies with deep recurrent neural networks ; a big challenge in algorithmic composition is to devise a model that is both easily trainable and able to reproduce the long - range temporal dependencies typical of music . here we investigate how artificial neural networks can be trained on a large corpus of melodies and turned into automated music composers able to generate new melodies coherent with the style they have been trained on . we employ gated recurrent unit networks that hav ←
→ causes and explanations : a structural - model approach , part i : causes ; we propose a new definition of actual cause , using structural equations to model counterfactuals . we show that the definition yields a plausible and elegant account of causation that handles well examples which have caused problems for other definitions and resolves major difficulties in the traditional account .←
→ d0 data handling operational experience ; we report on the production experience of the d0 experiment at the fermilab tevatron , using the sam data handling system with a variety of computing hardware configurations , batch systems , and mass storage strategies . we have stored more than 300 tb of data in the fermilab enstore mass storage system . we deliver data through this system at an average rate of more than 2 tb / day to analysis programs , with a substantial multiplication factor in the consumed data throug ←
→ let ' s get ready to rumble : crossover versus mutation head to head ; this paper analyzes the relative advantages between crossover and mutation on a class of deterministic and stochastic additively separable problems . this study assumes that the recombination and mutation operators have the knowledge of the building blocks ( bbs ) and effectively exchange or search among competing bbs . facetwise models of convergence time and population sizing have been used to determine the scalability of each algorithm . the ←
→ effectiveness of pre - and inprocessing for cdcl - based sat solving ; applying pre - and inprocessing techniques to simplify cnf formulas both before and during search can considerably improve the performance of modern sat solvers . these algorithms mostly aim at reducing the number of clauses , literals , and variables in the formula . however , to be worthwhile , it is necessary that their additional runtime does not exceed the runtime saved during the subsequent sat solver execution . in this paper we investigate ←
→ a multiresolution deep learning framework for automated annotation of reflectance confocal microscopy images ; morphological tissue patterns in rcm images are critical in diagnosis of melanocytic lesions . we present a multiresolution deep learning framework that can automatically annotate rcm images for these diagnostic patterns with high sensitivity and specificity ←
→ improved workflow for unsupervised multiphase image segmentation ; quantitative image analysis often depends on accurate classification of pixels through a segmentation process . however , imaging artifacts such as the partial volume effect and sensor noise complicate the classification process . these effects increase the pixel intensity variance of each constituent class , causing intensities from one class to overlap with another . this increased variance makes threshold based segmentation methods insufficien ←
→ squeezeseg : convolutional neural nets with recurrent crf for real - time road - object segmentation from 3d lidar point cloud ; in this paper , we address semantic segmentation of road - objects from 3d lidar point clouds . in particular , we wish to detect and categorize instances of interest , such as cars , pedestrians and cyclists . we formulate this problem as a point - wise classification problem , and propose an end - to - end pipeline called squeezeseg based on convolutional neural networks ( cnn ): the cnn takes a t ←
→ kinetic energy plus penalty functions for sparse estimation ; in this paper we propose and study a family of sparsity - inducing penalty functions . since the penalty functions are related to the kinetic energy in special relativity , we call them \ emph { kinetic energy plus } ( kep ) functions . we construct the kep function by using the concave conjugate of a $\ chi ^ 2 $- distance function and present several novel insights into the kep function with $ q = 1 $. in particular , we derive a thresholding operator based on the ←
→ collaborative ensemble learning : combining collaborative and content - based information filtering via hierarchical bayes ; collaborative filtering ( cf ) and content - based filtering ( cbf ) have widely been used in information filtering applications . both approaches have their strengths and weaknesses which is why researchers have developed hybrid systems . this paper proposes a novel approach to unify cf and cbf in a probabilistic framework , named collaborative ensemble learning . it uses probabilistic svms to ←
→ measuring semantic similarity by latent relational analysis ; this paper introduces latent relational analysis ( lra ), a method for measuring semantic similarity . lra measures similarity in the semantic relations between two pairs of words . when two pairs have a high degree of relational similarity , they are analogous . for example , the pair cat : meow is analogous to the pair dog : bark . there is evidence from cognitive science that relational similarity is fundamental to many cognitive and linguistic tasks ( e . g ←
→ loopsmart : smart visual slam through surface loop closure ; we present a visual simultaneous localization and mapping ( slam ) framework of closing surface loops . it combines both sparse feature matching and dense surface alignment . sparse feature matching is used for visual odometry and globally camera pose fine - tuning when dense loops are detected , while dense surface alignment is the way of closing large loops and solving surface mismatching problem . to achieve smart dense surface loop closure , a highly ef ←
→ an end - to - end trainable neural network for image - based sequence recognition and its application to scene text recognition ; image - based sequence recognition has been a long - standing research topic in computer vision . in this paper , we investigate the problem of scene text recognition , which is among the most important and challenging tasks in image - based sequence recognition . a novel neural network architecture , which integrates feature extraction , sequence modeling and transcription into a unified framew ←
→ realisation d ' un systeme de reconnaissance automatique de la parole arabe base sur cmu sphinx ; this paper presents the continuation of the work completed by satori and all . [ sch07 ] by the realization of an automatic speech recognition system ( asr ) for arabic language based sphinx 4 system . the previous work was limited to the recognition of the first ten digits , whereas the present work is a remarkable projection consisting in continuous arabic speech recognition with a rate of recognition of surrounding ←
→ dnn - based speech synthesis for indian languages from ascii text ; text - to - speech synthesis in indian languages has a seen lot of progress over the decade partly due to the annual blizzard challenges . these systems assume the text to be written in devanagari or dravidian scripts which are nearly phonemic orthography scripts . however , the most common form of computer interaction among indians is ascii written transliterated text . such text is generally noisy with many variations in spelling for the same word .←
→ a unified query - based generative model for question generation and question answering ; we propose a query - based generative model for solving both tasks of question generation ( qg ) and question an - swering ( qa ). the model follows the classic encoder - decoder framework . the encoder takes a passage and a query as input then performs query understanding by matching the query with the passage from multiple per - spectives . the decoder is an attention - based long short term memory ( lstm ) model with copy and cove ←
→ slam with objects using a nonparametric pose graph ; mapping and self - localization in unknown environments are fundamental capabilities in many robotic applications . these tasks typically involve the identification of objects as unique features or landmarks , which requires the objects both to be detected and then assigned a unique identifier that can be maintained when viewed from different perspectives and in different images . the \ textit { data association } and \ textit { simultaneous localization and mapping }←
→ neural network ensembles to real - time identification of plug - level appliance measurements ; the problem of identifying end - use electrical appliances from their individual consumption profiles , known as the appliance identification problem , is a primary stage in both non - intrusive load monitoring ( nilm ) and automated plug - wise metering . therefore , appliance identification has received dedicated studies with various electric appliance signatures , classification models , and evaluation datasets . in this paper ←
→ tv news commercials detection using success based locally weighted kernel combination ; commercial detection in news broadcast videos involves judicious selection of meaningful audio - visual feature combinations and efficient classifiers . and , this problem becomes much simpler if these combinations can be learned from the data . to this end , we propose an multiple kernel learning based method for boosting successful kernel functions while ignoring the irrelevant ones . we adopt a intermediate fusion approach ←
→ on the decreasing power of kernel and distance based nonparametric hypothesis tests in high dimensions ; this paper is about two related decision theoretic problems , nonparametric two - sample testing and independence testing . there is a belief that two recently proposed solutions , based on kernels and distances between pairs of points , behave well in high - dimensional settings . we identify different sources of misconception that give rise to the above belief . specifically , we differentiate the hardness of e ←
→ breaking sticks and ambiguities with adaptive skip - gram ; recently proposed skip - gram model is a powerful method for learning high - dimensional word representations that capture rich semantic relationships between words . however , skip - gram as well as most prior work on learning word representations does not take into account word ambiguity and maintain only single representation per word . although a number of skip - gram modifications were proposed to overcome this limitation and learn multi - prototype word rep ←
→ feature and region selection for visual learning ; visual learning problems such as object classification and action recognition are typically approached using extensions of the popular bag - of - words ( bow ) model . despite its great success , it is unclear what visual features the bow model is learning : which regions in the image or video are used to discriminate among classes ? which are the most discriminative visual words ? answering these questions is fundamental for understanding existing bow models and insp ←
→ non - constant bounded holomorphic functions of hyperbolic numbers - candidates for hyperbolic activation functions ; the liouville theorem states that bounded holomorphic complex functions are necessarily constant . holomorphic functions fulfill the socalled cauchy - riemann ( cr ) conditions . the cr conditions mean that a complex $ z $- derivative is independent of the direction . holomorphic functions are ideal for activation functions of complex neural networks , but the liouville theorem makes them useless . yet ←
→ learning spatial - semantic context with fully convolutional recurrent network for online handwritten chinese text recognition ; online handwritten chinese text recognition ( ohctr ) is a challenging problem as it involves a large - scale character set , ambiguous segmentation , and variable - length input sequences . in this paper , we exploit the outstanding capability of path signature to translate online pen - tip trajectories into informative signature feature maps using a sliding window - based method , successfully ←
→ machine learning with operational costs ; this work proposes a way to align statistical modeling with decision making . we provide a method that propagates the uncertainty in predictive modeling to the uncertainty in operational cost , where operational cost is the amount spent by the practitioner in solving the problem . the method allows us to explore the range of operational costs associated with the set of reasonable statistical models , so as to provide a useful way for practitioners to understand uncertai ←
→ transitioning between convolutional and fully connected layers in neural networks ; digital pathology has advanced substantially over the last decade however tumor localization continues to be a challenging problem due to highly complex patterns and textures in the underlying tissue bed . the use of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) to analyze such complex images has been well adopted in digital pathology . however in recent years , the architecture of cnns have altered with the introduction of inception ←
→ recent advances in neural program synthesis ; in recent years , deep learning has made tremendous progress in a number of fields that were previously out of reach for artificial intelligence . the successes in these problems has led researchers to consider the possibilities for intelligent systems to tackle a problem that humans have only recently themselves considered : program synthesis . this challenge is unlike others such as object recognition and speech translation , since its abstract nature and demand fo ←
→ explain yourself : a natural language interface for scrutable autonomous robots ; autonomous systems in remote locations have a high degree of autonomy and there is a need to explain what they are doing and why in order to increase transparency and maintain trust . here , we describe a natural language chat interface that enables vehicle behaviour to be queried by the user . we obtain an interpretable model of autonomy through having an expert ' speak out - loud ' and provide explanations during a mission . this a ←
→ optimistic and pessimistic neural networks for scene and object recognition ; in this paper the application of uncertainty modeling to convolutional neural networks is evaluated . a novel method for adjusting the network ' s predictions based on uncertainty information is introduced . this allows the network to be either optimistic or pessimistic in its prediction scores . the proposed method builds on the idea of applying dropout at test time and sampling a predictive mean and variance from the network ' s outp ←
→ the frobenius anatomy of word meanings i : subject and object relative pronouns ; this paper develops a compositional vector - based semantics of subject and object relative pronouns within a categorical framework . frobenius algebras are used to formalise the operations required to model the semantics of relative pronouns , including passing information between the relative clause and the modified noun phrase , as well as copying , combining , and discarding parts of the relative clause . we develop two instantia ←
→ fast bayesian non - negative matrix factorisation and tri - factorisation ; we present a fast variational bayesian algorithm for performing non - negative matrix factorisation and tri - factorisation . we show that our approach achieves faster convergence per iteration and timestep ( wall - clock ) than gibbs sampling and non - probabilistic approaches , and do not require additional samples to estimate the posterior . we show that in particular for matrix tri - factorisation convergence is difficult , but our variational baye ←
→ solver scheduling via answer set programming ; although boolean constraint technology has made tremendous progress over the last decade , the efficacy of state - of - the - art solvers is known to vary considerably across different types of problem instances and is known to depend strongly on algorithm parameters . this problem was addressed by means of a simple , yet effective approach using handmade , uniform and unordered schedules of multiple solvers in ppfolio , which showed very impressive performance in the 201 ←
→ datalog rewritability of disjunctive datalog programs and its applications to ontology reasoning ; we study the problem of rewriting a disjunctive datalog program into plain datalog . we show that a disjunctive program is rewritable if and only if it is equivalent to a linear disjunctive program , thus providing a novel characterisation of datalog rewritability . motivated by this result , we propose weakly linear disjunctive datalog --- a novel rule - based kr language that extends both datalog and linear disjun ←
→ evaluating ontology matching systems on large , multilingual and real - world test cases ; in the field of ontology matching , the most systematic evaluation of matching systems is established by the ontology alignment evaluation initiative ( oaei ), which is an annual campaign for evaluating ontology matching systems organized by different groups of researchers . in this paper , we report on the results of an intermediary oaei campaign called oaei 2011 . 5 . the evaluations of this campaign are divided in five trac ←
→ adaptive binarization for weakly supervised affordance segmentation ; the concept of affordance is important to understand the relevance of object parts for a certain functional interaction . affordance types generalize across object categories and are not mutually exclusive . this makes the segmentation of affordance regions of objects in images a difficult task . in this work , we build on an iterative approach that learns a convolutional neural network for affordance segmentation from sparse keypoints . durin ←
→ templatenet for depth - based object instance recognition ; we present a novel deep architecture termed templatenet for depth based object instance recognition . using an intermediate template layer we exploit prior knowledge of an object ' s shape to sparsify the feature maps . this has three advantages : ( i ) the network is better regularised resulting in structured filters ; ( ii ) the sparse feature maps results in intuitive features been learnt which can be visualized as the output of the template layer and ( iii )←
→ variable elimination in the fourier domain ; the ability to represent complex high dimensional probability distributions in a compact form is one of the key insights in the field of graphical models . factored representations are ubiquitous in machine learning and lead to major computational advantages . we explore a different type of compact representation based on discrete fourier representations , complementing the classical approach based on conditional independencies . we show that a large class of probabi ←
→ digging deep into the layers of cnns : in search of how cnns achieve view invariance ; this paper is focused on studying the view - manifold structure in the feature spaces implied by the different layers of convolutional neural networks ( cnn ). there are several questions that this paper aims to answer : does the learned cnn representation achieve viewpoint invariance ? how does it achieve viewpoint invariance ? is it achieved by collapsing the view manifolds , or separating them while preserving them ? at which ←
→ from once upon a time to happily ever after : tracking emotions in novels and fairy tales ; today we have access to unprecedented amounts of literary texts . however , search still relies heavily on key words . in this paper , we show how sentiment analysis can be used in tandem with effective visualizations to quantify and track emotions in both individual books and across very large collections . we introduce the concept of emotion word density , and using the brothers grimm fairy tales as example , we show how ←
→ semi - supervised learning with sparse autoencoders in phone classification ; we propose the application of a semi - supervised learning method to improve the performance of acoustic modelling for automatic speech recognition based on deep neural net - works . as opposed to unsupervised initialisation followed by supervised fine tuning , our method takes advantage of both unlabelled and labelled data simultaneously through mini - batch stochastic gradient descent . we tested the method with varying proportions of ←
→ realizing rcc8 networks using convex regions ; rcc8 is a popular fragment of the region connection calculus , in which qualitative spatial relations between regions , such as adjacency , overlap and parthood , can be expressed . while rcc8 is essentially dimensionless , most current applications are confined to reasoning about two - dimensional or three - dimensional physical space . in this paper , however , we are mainly interested in conceptual spaces , which typically are high - dimensional euclidean spaces in which th ←
→ detection of unauthorized iot devices using machine learning techniques ; security experts have demonstrated numerous risks imposed by internet of things ( iot ) devices on organizations . due to the widespread adoption of such devices , their diversity , standardization obstacles , and inherent mobility , organizations require an intelligent mechanism capable of automatically detecting suspicious iot devices connected to their networks . in particular , devices not included in a white list of trustworthy iot device ←
→ random spanning trees and the prediction of weighted graphs ; we investigate the problem of sequentially predicting the binary labels on the nodes of an arbitrary weighted graph . we show that , under a suitable parametrization of the problem , the optimal number of prediction mistakes can be characterized ( up to logarithmic factors ) by the cutsize of a random spanning tree of the graph . the cutsize is induced by the unknown adversarial labeling of the graph nodes . in deriving our characterization , we obtain a ←
→ sd - cnn : a shallow - deep cnn for improved breast cancer diagnosis ; breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death among women worldwide . nevertheless , it is also one of the most treatable malignances if detected early . screening for breast cancer with digital mammography ( dm ) has been widely used . however it demonstrates limited sensitivity for women with dense breasts . an emerging technology in the field is contrast - enhanced digital mammography ( cedm ), which includes a low energy ( le ) image simil ←
→ a corpus - based evaluation of a domain - specific text to knowledge mapping prototype ; the aim of this paper is to evaluate a text to knowledge mapping ( tkm ) prototype . the prototype is domain - specific , the purpose of which is to map instructional text onto a knowledge domain . the context of the knowledge domain is dc electrical circuit . during development , the prototype has been tested with a limited data set from the domain . the prototype reached a stage where it needs to be evaluated with a representativ ←
→ optimization methods for supervised machine learning : from linear models to deep learning ; the goal of this tutorial is to introduce key models , algorithms , and open questions related to the use of optimization methods for solving problems arising in machine learning . it is written with an informs audience in mind , specifically those readers who are familiar with the basics of optimization algorithms , but less familiar with machine learning . we begin by deriving a formulation of a supervised learning pro ←
→ updating beliefs with incomplete observations ; currently , there is renewed interest in the problem , raised by shafer in 1985 , of updating probabilities when observations are incomplete . this is a fundamental problem in general , and of particular interest for bayesian networks . recently , grunwald and halpern have shown that commonly used updating strategies fail in this case , except under very special assumptions . in this paper we propose a new method for updating probabilities with incomplete observations .←
→ regularizing face verification nets for pain intensity regression ; limited labeled data are available for the research of estimating facial expression intensities . for instance , the ability to train deep networks for automated pain assessment is limited by small datasets with labels of patient - reported pain intensities . fortunately , fine - tuning from a data - extensive pre - trained domain , such as face verification , can alleviate this problem . in this paper , we propose a network that fine - tunes a state - of - the -←
→ pathological pulmonary lobe segmentation from ct images using progressive holistically nested neural networks and random walker ; automatic pathological pulmonary lobe segmentation ( ppls ) enables regional analyses of lung disease , a clinically important capability . due to often incomplete lobe boundaries , ppls is difficult even for experts , and most prior art requires inference from contextual information . to address this , we propose a novel ppls method that couples deep learning with the random walker ( rw ←
→ harnessing cognitive features for sarcasm detection ; in this paper , we propose a novel mechanism for enriching the feature vector , for the task of sarcasm detection , with cognitive features extracted from eye - movement patterns of human readers . sarcasm detection has been a challenging research problem , and its importance for nlp applications such as review summarization , dialog systems and sentiment analysis is well recognized . sarcasm can often be traced to incongruity that becomes apparent as the full se ←
→ marginalizing corrupted features ; the goal of machine learning is to develop predictors that generalize well to test data . ideally , this is achieved by training on an almost infinitely large training data set that captures all variations in the data distribution . in practical learning settings , however , we do not have infinite data and our predictors may overfit . overfitting may be combatted , for example , by adding a regularizer to the training objective or by defining a prior over the model parameters and ←
→ optimal intelligent control for wind turbulence rejection in wecs using anns and genetic fuzzy approach ; one of the disadvantages in connection of wind energy conversion systems ( wecss ) to transmission networks is plentiful turbulence of wind speed . therefore effects of this problem must be controlled . nowadays , pitch - controlled wecss are increasingly used for variable speed and pitch wind turbines . megawatt class wind turbines generally turn at variable speed in wind farm . thus turbine operation must be ←
→ off - policy learning with eligibility traces : a survey ; in the framework of markov decision processes , off - policy learning , that is the problem of learning a linear approximation of the value function of some fixed policy from one trajectory possibly generated by some other policy . we briefly review on - policy learning algorithms of the literature ( gradient - based and least - squares - based ), adopting a unified algorithmic view . then , we highlight a systematic approach for adapting them to off - policy learning wi ←
→ a belief - function based decision support system ; in this paper , we present a decision support system based on belief functions and the pignistic transformation . the system is an integration of an evidential system for belief function propagation and a valuation - based system for bayesian decision analysis . the two subsystems are connected through the pignistic transformation . the system takes as inputs the user ' s " gut feelings " about a situation and suggests what , if any , are to be tested and in what order ,←
→ challenges in data - to - document generation ; recent neural models have shown significant progress on the problem of generating short descriptive texts conditioned on a small number of database records . in this work , we suggest a slightly more difficult data - to - text generation task , and investigate how effective current approaches are on this task . in particular , we introduce a new , large - scale corpus of data records paired with descriptive documents , propose a series of extractive evaluation methods for anal ←
→ role mining with probabilistic models ; role mining tackles the problem of finding a role - based access control ( rbac ) configuration , given an access - control matrix assigning users to access permissions as input . most role mining approaches work by constructing a large set of candidate roles and use a greedy selection strategy to iteratively pick a small subset such that the differences between the resulting rbac configuration and the access control matrix are minimized . in this paper , we advocate an alterna ←
→ libsvx : a supervoxel library and benchmark for early video processing ; supervoxel segmentation has strong potential to be incorporated into early video analysis as superpixel segmentation has in image analysis . however , there are many plausible supervoxel methods and little understanding as to when and where each is most appropriate . indeed , we are not aware of a single comparative study on supervoxel segmentation . to that end , we study seven supervoxel algorithms , including both off - line and streaming met ←
→ curiosity - driven exploration by self - supervised prediction ; in many real - world scenarios , rewards extrinsic to the agent are extremely sparse , or absent altogether . in such cases , curiosity can serve as an intrinsic reward signal to enable the agent to explore its environment and learn skills that might be useful later in its life . we formulate curiosity as the error in an agent ' s ability to predict the consequence of its own actions in a visual feature space learned by a self - supervised inverse dynamics m ←
→ a framework for exploring non - linear functional connectivity and causality in the human brain : mutual connectivity analysis ( mca ) of resting - state functional mri with convergent cross - mapping and non - metric clustering ; we present a computational framework for analysis and visualization of non - linear functional connectivity in the human brain from resting state functional mri ( fmri ) data for purposes of recovering the underlying network community structure and exploring causality between network compo ←
→ copula mixture model for dependency - seeking clustering ; we introduce a copula mixture model to perform dependency - seeking clustering when co - occurring samples from different data sources are available . the model takes advantage of the great flexibility offered by the copulas framework to extend mixtures of canonical correlation analysis to multivariate data with arbitrary continuous marginal densities . we formulate our model as a non - parametric bayesian mixture , while providing efficient mcmc inference . ex ←
→ vid2speech : speech reconstruction from silent video ; speechreading is a notoriously difficult task for humans to perform . in this paper we present an end - to - end model based on a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) for generating an intelligible acoustic speech signal from silent video frames of a speaking person . the proposed cnn generates sound features for each frame based on its neighboring frames . waveforms are then synthesized from the learned speech features to produce intelligible speech . we show tha ←
→ optimal time bounds for approximate clustering ; clustering is a fundamental problem in unsupervised learning , and has been studied widely both as a problem of learning mixture models and as an optimization problem . in this paper , we study clustering with respect the emph { k - median } objective function , a natural formulation of clustering in which we attempt to minimize the average distance to cluster centers . one of the main contributions of this paper is a simple but powerful sampling technique that we call ←
→ improving cross - domain recommendation through probabilistic cluster - level latent factor model -- extended version ; cross - domain recommendation has been proposed to transfer user behavior pattern by pooling together the rating data from multiple domains to alleviate the sparsity problem appearing in single rating domains . however , previous models only assume that multiple domains share a latent common rating pattern based on the user - item co - clustering . to capture diversities among different domains , we pro ←
→ the structure of evolutionary exploration : on crossover , buildings blocks and estimation - of - distribution algorithms ; the notion of building blocks can be related to the structure of the offspring probability distribution : loci of which variability is strongly correlated constitute a building block . we call this correlated exploration . with this background we analyze the structure of the offspring probability distribution , or exploration distribution , for a ga with mutation only , a crossover ga , and an es ←
→ trainable back - propagated functional transfer matrices ; connections between nodes of fully connected neural networks are usually represented by weight matrices . in this article , functional transfer matrices are introduced as alternatives to the weight matrices : instead of using real weights , a functional transfer matrix uses real functions with trainable parameters to represent connections between nodes . multiple functional transfer matrices are then stacked together with bias vectors and activations to fo ←
→ guided alignment training for topic - aware neural machine translation ; in this paper , we propose an effective way for biasing the attention mechanism of a sequence - to - sequence neural machine translation ( nmt ) model towards the well - studied statistical word alignment models . we show that our novel guided alignment training approach improves translation quality on real - life e - commerce texts consisting of product titles and descriptions , overcoming the problems posed by many unknown words and a large type / toke ←
→ learning max - margin tree predictors ; structured prediction is a powerful framework for coping with joint prediction of interacting outputs . a central difficulty in using this framework is that often the correct label dependence structure is unknown . at the same time , we would like to avoid an overly complex structure that will lead to intractable prediction . in this work we address the challenge of learning tree structured predictive models that achieve high accuracy while at the same time facilitate effic ←
→ transforming sensor data to the image domain for deep learning - an application to footstep detection ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have become the state - of - the - art in various computer vision tasks , but they are still premature for most sensor data , especially in pervasive and wearable computing . a major reason for this is the limited amount of annotated training data . in this paper , we propose the idea of leveraging the discriminative power of pre - trained deep cnns on 2 - dimensional sensor data b ←
→ anomaly detection by robust statistics ; real data often contain anomalous cases , also known as outliers . these may spoil the resulting analysis but they may also contain valuable information . in either case , the ability to detect such anomalies is essential . a useful tool for this purpose is robust statistics , which aims to detect the outliers by first fitting the majority of the data and then flagging data points that deviate from it . we present an overview of several robust methods and the resulting grap ←
→ consistent on - line off - policy evaluation ; the problem of on - line off - policy evaluation ( ope ) has been actively studied in the last decade due to its importance both as a stand - alone problem and as a module in a policy improvement scheme . however , most temporal difference ( td ) based solutions ignore the discrepancy between the stationary distribution of the behavior and target policies and its effect on the convergence limit when function approximation is applied . in this paper we propose the consistent off ←
→ subgraph2vec : learning distributed representations of rooted sub - graphs from large graphs ; in this paper , we present subgraph2vec , a novel approach for learning latent representations of rooted subgraphs from large graphs inspired by recent advancements in deep learning and graph kernels . these latent representations encode semantic substructure dependencies in a continuous vector space , which is easily exploited by statistical models for tasks such as graph classification , clustering , link prediction an ←
→ learning human pose models from synthesized data for robust rgb - d action recognition ; we propose human pose models that represent rgb and depth images of human poses independent of clothing textures , backgrounds , lighting conditions , body shapes and camera viewpoints . learning such universal models requires training images where all factors are varied for every human pose . capturing such data is prohibitively expensive . therefore , we develop a framework for synthesizing the training data . first , we learn ←
→ the landmark selection method for multiple output prediction ; conditional modeling x \ to y is a central problem in machine learning . a substantial research effort is devoted to such modeling when x is high dimensional . we consider , instead , the case of a high dimensional y , where x is either low dimensional or high dimensional . our approach is based on selecting a small subset y_l of the dimensions of y , and proceed by modeling ( i ) x \ to y_l and ( ii ) y_l \ to y . composing these two models , we obtain a condi ←
→ feature graph architectures ; in this article we propose feature graph architectures ( fga ), which are deep learning systems employing a structured initialisation and training method based on a feature graph which facilitates improved generalisation performance compared with a standard shallow architecture . the goal is to explore alternative perspectives on the problem of deep network training . we evaluate fga performance for deep svms on some experimental datasets , and show how generalisation and stability ←
→ novel sensor scheduling scheme for intruder tracking in energy efficient sensor networks ; we consider the problem of tracking an intruder using a network of wireless sensors . for tracking the intruder at each instant , the optimal number and the right configuration of sensors has to be powered . as powering the sensors consumes energy , there is a trade off between accurately tracking the position of the intruder at each instant and the energy consumption of sensors . this problem has been formulated in the ←
→ visualizing convolutional neural network protein - ligand scoring ; protein - ligand scoring is an important step in a structure - based drug design pipeline . selecting a correct binding pose and predicting the binding affinity of a protein - ligand complex enables effective virtual screening . machine learning techniques can make use of the increasing amounts of structural data that are becoming publicly available . convolutional neural network ( cnn ) scoring functions in particular have shown promise in pose selecti ←
→ basic thresholding classification ; in this thesis , we propose a light - weight sparsity - based algorithm , basic thresholding classifier ( btc ), for classification applications ( such as face identification , hyper - spectral image classification , etc .) which is capable of identifying test samples extremely rapidly and performing high classification accuracy . originally btc is a linear classifier which works based on the assumption that the samples of the classes of a given dataset are linearly separable . however , ←
→ the yli - med corpus : characteristics , procedures , and plans ; the yli multimedia event detection corpus is a public - domain index of videos with annotations and computed features , specialized for research in multimedia event detection ( med ), i . e ., automatically identifying what ' s happening in a video by analyzing the audio and visual content . the videos indexed in the yli - med corpus are a subset of the larger yli feature corpus , which is being developed by the international computer science institute and lawr ←
→ mtil17 : english to indian langauge statistical machine translation ; english to indian language machine translation poses the challenge of structural and morphological divergence . this paper describes english to indian language statistical machine translation using pre - ordering and suffix separation . the pre - ordering uses rules to transfer the structure of the source sentences prior to training and translation . this syntactic restructuring helps statistical machine translation to tackle the structural diver ←
→ a bayesian model of multilingual unsupervised semantic role induction ; we propose a bayesian model of unsupervised semantic role induction in multiple languages , and use it to explore the usefulness of parallel corpora for this task . our joint bayesian model consists of individual models for each language plus additional latent variables that capture alignments between roles across languages . because it is a generative bayesian model , we can do evaluations in a variety of scenarios just by varying the infe ←
→ forward thinking : building deep random forests ; the success of deep neural networks has inspired many to wonder whether other learners could benefit from deep , layered architectures . we present a general framework called forward thinking for deep learning that generalizes the architectural flexibility and sophistication of deep neural networks while also allowing for ( i ) different types of learning functions in the network , other than neurons , and ( ii ) the ability to adaptively deepen the network as needed ←
→ a system for interactive query answering with answer set programming ; reactive answer set programming has paved the way for incorporating online information into operative solving processes . although this technology was originally devised for dealing with data streams in dynamic environments , like assisted living and cognitive robotics , it can likewise be used to incorporate facts , rules , or queries provided by a user . as a result , we present the design and implementation of a system for interactive query ←
→ social media argumentation mining : the quest for deliberateness in raucousness ; argumentation mining from social media content has attracted increasing attention . the task is both challenging and rewarding . the informal nature of user - generated content makes the task dauntingly difficult . on the other hand , the insights that could be gained by a large - scale analysis of social media argumentation make it a very worthwhile task . in this position paper i discuss the motivation for social media argumentation ←
→ towards applying the opra theory to shape similarity ; the motivation for using qualitative shape descriptions is as follows : qualitative shape descriptions can implicitly act as a schema for measuring the similarity of shapes , which has the potential to be cognitively adequate . then , shapes which are similar to each other would also be similar for a pattern recognition algorithm . there is substantial work in pattern recognition and computer vision dealing with shape similarity . here with our approach to qu ←
→ bio - linguistic transition and baldwin effect in an evolutionary naming - game model ; we examine an evolutionary naming - game model where communicating agents are equipped with an evolutionarily selected learning ability . such a coupling of biological and linguistic ingredients results in an abrupt transition : upon a small change of a model control parameter a poorly communicating group of linguistically unskilled agents transforms into almost perfectly communicating group with large learning abilities . when ←
→ learning deep structured multi - scale features using attention - gated crfs for contour prediction ; recent works have shown that exploiting multi - scale representations deeply learned via convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) is of tremendous importance for accurate contour detection . this paper presents a novel approach for predicting contours which advances the state of the art in two fundamental aspects , i . e . multi - scale feature generation and fusion . different from previous works directly consider - ing mul ←
→ an anytime algorithm for decision making under uncertainty ; we present an anytime algorithm which computes policies for decision problems represented as multi - stage influence diagrams . our algorithm constructs policies incrementally , starting from a policy which makes no use of the available information . the incremental process constructs policies which includes more of the information available to the decision maker at each step . while the process converges to the optimal policy , our approach is designed ←
→ deeplung : 3d deep convolutional nets for automated pulmonary nodule detection and classification ; in this work , we present a fully automated lung ct cancer diagnosis system , deeplung . deeplung contains two parts , nodule detection and classification . considering the 3d nature of lung ct data , two 3d networks are designed for the nodule detection and classification respectively . specifically , a 3d faster r - cnn is designed for nodule detection with a u - net - like encoder - decoder structure to effectively learn ←
→ a survey of the trends in facial and expression recognition databases and methods ; automated facial identification and facial expression recognition have been topics of active research over the past few decades . facial and expression recognition find applications in human - computer interfaces , subject tracking , real - time security surveillance systems and social networking . several holistic and geometric methods have been developed to identify faces and expressions using public and local facial image datab ←
→ a comparative evaluation of curriculum learning with filtering and boosting ; not all instances in a data set are equally beneficial for inferring a model of the data . some instances ( such as outliers ) are detrimental to inferring a model of the data . several machine learning techniques treat instances in a data set differently during training such as curriculum learning , filtering , and boosting . however , an automated method for determining how beneficial an instance is for inferring a model of the data d ←
→ semantic matchmaking as non - monotonic reasoning : a description logic approach ; matchmaking arises when supply and demand meet in an electronic marketplace , or when agents search for a web service to perform some task , or even when recruiting agencies match curricula and job profiles . in such open environments , the objective of a matchmaking process is to discover best available offers to a given request . we address the problem of matchmaking from a knowledge representation perspective , with a formalizati ←
→ a note on patch - based low - rank minimization for fast image denoising ; patch - based low - rank minimization for image processing attracts much attention in recent years . the minimization of the matrix rank coupled with the frobenius norm data fidelity can be solved by the hard thresholding filter with principle component analysis ( pca ) or singular value decomposition ( svd ). based on this idea , we propose a patch - based low - rank minimization method for image denoising . the main denoising process is stated in thr ←
→ hybrid influence diagrams using mixtures of truncated exponentials ; mixtures of truncated exponentials ( mte ) potentials are an alternative to discretization for representing continuous chance variables in influence diagrams . also , mte potentials can be used to approximate utility functions . this paper introduces mte influence diagrams , which can represent decision problems without restrictions on the relationships between continuous and discrete chance variables , without limitations on the distributions of ←
→ analyzing the performance of mutation operators to solve the travelling salesman problem ; the genetic algorithm includes some parameters that should be adjusted , so as to get reliable results . choosing a representation of the problem addressed , an initial population , a method of selection , a crossover operator , mutation operator , the probabilities of crossover and mutation , and the insertion method creates a variant of genetic algorithms . our work is part of the answer to this perspective to find a solut ←
→ on a possible similarity between gene and semantic networks ; in several domains such as linguistics , molecular biology or social sciences , holistic effects are hardly well - defined by modeling with single units , but more and more studies tend to understand macro structures with the help of meaningful and useful associations in fields such as social networks , systems biology or semantic web . a stochastic multi - agent system offers both accurate theoretical framework and operational computing implementations t ←
→ restricted boltzmann machine to determine the input weights for extreme learning machines ; the extreme learning machine ( elm ) is a single - hidden layer feedforward neural network ( slfn ) learning algorithm that can learn effectively and quickly . the elm training phase assigns the input weights and bias randomly and does not change them in the whole process . although the network works well , the random weights in the input layer can make the algorithm less effective and impact on its performance . therefore , ←
→ latent variable dialogue models and their diversity ; we present a dialogue generation model that directly captures the variability in possible responses to a given input , which reduces the ` boring output ' issue of deterministic dialogue models . experiments show that our model generates more diverse outputs than baseline models , and also generates more consistently acceptable output than sampling from a deterministic encoder - decoder model .←
→ clinical information extraction via convolutional neural network ; we report an implementation of a clinical information extraction tool that leverages deep neural network to annotate event spans and their attributes from raw clinical notes and pathology reports . our approach uses context words and their part - of - speech tags and shape information as features . then we hire temporal ( 1d ) convolutional neural network to learn hidden feature representations . finally , we use multilayer perceptron ( mlp ) to predict ←
→ improving smiling detection with race and gender diversity ; recent progress in deep learning has been accompanied by a growing concern for whether models are fair for users , with equally good performance across different demographics . in computer vision research , such questions are relevant to face detection and the related task of face attribute detection , among others . we measure race and gender inclusion in the context of smiling detection , and introduce a method for improving smiling detection across d ←
→ landmark - guided elastic shape analysis of human character motions ; motions of virtual characters in movies or video games are typically generated by recording actors using motion capturing methods . animations generated this way often need postprocessing , such as improving the periodicity of cyclic animations or generating entirely new motions by interpolation of existing ones . furthermore , search and classification of recorded motions becomes more and more important as the amount of recorded motion data gr ←
→ label denoising adversarial network ( ldan ) for inverse lighting of face images ; lighting estimation from face images is an important task and has applications in many areas such as image editing , intrinsic image decomposition , and image forgery detection . we propose to train a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to regress lighting parameters from a single face image . lacking massive ground truth lighting labels for face images in the wild , we use an existing method to estimate lighting parameters , w ←
→ on the contribution of discourse structure on text complexity assessment ; this paper investigates the influence of discourse features on text complexity assessment . to do so , we created two data sets based on the penn discourse treebank and the simple english wikipedia corpora and compared the influence of coherence , cohesion , surface , lexical and syntactic features to assess text complexity . results show that with both data sets coherence features are more correlated to text complexity than the other ty ←
→ visual search at ebay ; in this paper , we propose a novel end - to - end approach for scalable visual search infrastructure . we discuss the challenges we faced for a massive volatile inventory like at ebay and present our solution to overcome those . we harness the availability of large image collection of ebay listings and state - of - the - art deep learning techniques to perform visual search at scale . supervised approach for optimized search limited to top predicted categories and also for compact binary signature ←
→ an empirical study of continuous connectivity degree sequence equivalents ; in the present work we demonstrate the use of a parcellation free connectivity model based on poisson point processes . this model produces for each subject a continuous bivariate intensity function that represents for every possible pair of points the relative rate at which we observe tracts terminating at those points . we fit this model to explore degree sequence equivalents for spatial continuum graphs , and to investigate the lo ←
→ adversarial training for probabilistic spiking neural networks ; classifiers trained using conventional empirical risk minimization or maximum likelihood methods are known to suffer dramatic performance degradations when tested over examples adversarially selected based on knowledge of the classifier ' s decision rule . due to the prominence of artificial neural networks ( anns ) as classifiers , their sensitivity to adversarial examples , as well as robust training schemes , have been recently the subject of inten ←
→ sparse models for computer vision ; the representation of images in the brain is known to be sparse . that is , as neural activity is recorded in a visual area --- for instance the primary visual cortex of primates --- only a few neurons are active at a given time with respect to the whole population . it is believed that such a property reflects the efficient match of the representation with the statistics of natural scenes . applying such a paradigm to computer vision therefore seems a promising approach toward ←
→ convolutional models for joint object categorization and pose estimation ; in the task of object recognition , there exists a dichotomy between the categorization of objects and estimating object pose , where the former necessitates a view - invariant representation , while the latter requires a representation capable of capturing pose information over different categories of objects . with the rise of deep architectures , the prime focus has been on object category recognition . deep learning methods have achieved ←
→ link prediction for egocentrically sampled networks ; link prediction in networks is typically accomplished by estimating or ranking the probabilities of edges for all pairs of nodes . in practice , especially for social networks , the data are often collected by egocentric sampling , which means selecting a subset of nodes and recording all of their edges . this sampling mechanism requires different prediction tools than the typical assumption of links missing at random . we propose a new computationally efficie ←
→ oiling the wheels of change : the role of adaptive automatic problem decomposition in non -- stationary environments ; genetic algorithms ( gas ) that solve hard problems quickly , reliably and accurately are called competent gas . when the fitness landscape of a problem changes overtime , the problem is called non -- stationary , dynamic or time -- variant problem . this paper investigates the use of competent gas for optimizing non -- stationary optimization problems . more specifically , we use an information theoretic ←
→ where and who ? automatic semantic - aware person composition ; image compositing is a method used to generate realistic yet fake imagery by inserting contents from one image to another . previous work in compositing has focused on improving appearance compatibility of a user selected foreground segment and a background image ( i . e . color and illumination consistency ). in this work , we instead develop a fully automated compositing model that additionally learns to select and transform compatible foreground segme ←
→ from preference - based to multiobjective sequential decision - making ; in this paper , we present a link between preference - based and multiobjective sequential decision - making . while transforming a multiobjective problem to a preference - based one is quite natural , the other direction is a bit less obvious . we present how this transformation ( from preference - based to multiobjective ) can be done under the classic condition that preferences over histories can be represented by additively decomposable utilities an ←
→ on the power of tree projections : structural tractability of enumerating csp solutions ; the problem of deciding whether csp instances admit solutions has been deeply studied in the literature , and several structural tractability results have been derived so far . however , constraint satisfaction comes in practice as a computation problem where the focus is either on finding one solution , or on enumerating all solutions , possibly projected to some given set of output variables . the paper investigates the s ←
→ character - based neural embeddings for tweet clustering ; in this paper we show how the performance of tweet clustering can be improved by leveraging character - based neural networks . the proposed approach overcomes the limitations related to the vocabulary explosion in the word - based models and allows for the seamless processing of the multilingual content . our evaluation results and code are available on - line at https :// github . com / vendi12 / tweet2vec_clustering ←
→ early stopping without a validation set ; early stopping is a widely used technique to prevent poor generalization performance when training an over - expressive model by means of gradient - based optimization . to find a good point to halt the optimizer , a common practice is to split the dataset into a training and a smaller validation set to obtain an ongoing estimate of the generalization performance . we propose a novel early stopping criterion based on fast - to - compute local statistics of the computed gradien ←
→ labeled memory networks for online model adaptation ; augmenting a neural network with memory that can grow without growing the number of trained parameters is a recent powerful concept with many exciting applications . we propose a design of memory augmented neural networks ( manns ) called labeled memory networks ( lmns ) suited for tasks requiring online adaptation in classification models . lmns organize the memory with classes as the primary key . the memory acts as a second boosted stage following a regular n ←
→ hashing image patches for zooming ; in this paper we present a bayesian image zooming / super - resolution algorithm based on a patch based representation . we work on a patch based model with overlap and employ a locally linear embedding ( lle ) based approach as our data fidelity term in the bayesian inference . the image prior imposes continuity constraints across the overlapping patches . we apply an error back - projection technique , with an approximate cross bilateral filter . the problem of nearest neighbor sear ←
→ simultaneously solving mixed model assembly line balancing and sequencing problems with fss algorithm ; many assembly lines related optimization problems have been tackled by researchers in the last decades due to its relevance for the decision makers within manufacturing industry . many of theses problems , more specifically assembly lines balancing and sequencing problems , are known to be np - hard . therefore , computational intelligence solution approaches have been conceived in order to provide practical u ←
→ semi - supervised learning of class balance under class - prior change by distribution matching ; in real - world classification problems , the class balance in the training dataset does not necessarily reflect that of the test dataset , which can cause significant estimation bias . if the class ratio of the test dataset is known , instance re - weighting or resampling allows systematical bias correction . however , learning the class ratio of the test dataset is challenging when no labeled data is available from the t ←
→ scalable probabilistic entity - topic modeling ; we present an lda approach to entity disambiguation . each topic is associated with a wikipedia article and topics generate either content words or entity mentions . training such models is challenging because of the topic and vocabulary size , both in the millions . we tackle these problems using a novel distributed inference and representation framework based on a parallel gibbs sampler guided by the wikipedia link graph , and pipelines of mapreduce allowing fast ←
→ time resource networks ; the problem of scheduling under resource constraints is widely applicable . one prominent example is power management , in which we have a limited continuous supply of power but must schedule a number of power - consuming tasks . such problems feature tightly coupled continuous resource constraints and continuous temporal constraints . we address such problems by introducing the time resource network ( trn ), an encoding for resource - constrained scheduling problems . the definition allows ←
→ fairness as a program property ; we explore the following question : is a decision - making program fair , for some useful definition of fairness ? first , we describe how several algorithmic fairness questions can be phrased as program verification problems . second , we discuss an automated verification technique for proving or disproving fairness of decision - making programs with respect to a probabilistic model of the population .←
→ using enthymemes to fill the gap between logical argumentation and revision of abstract argumentation frameworks ; in this paper , we present a preliminary work on an approach to fill the gap between logic - based argumentation and the numerous approaches to tackle the dynamics of abstract argumentation frameworks . our idea is that , even when arguments and attacks are defined by means of a logical belief base , there may be some uncertainty about how accurate is the content of an argument , and so the presence ←
→ exploring high - dimensional structure via axis - aligned decomposition of linear projections ; two - dimensional embeddings remain the dominant approach to visualize high dimensional data . the choice of embeddings ranges from highly non - linear ones , which can capture complex relationships but are difficult to interpret quantitatively , to axis - aligned projections , which are easy to interpret but are limited to bivariate relationships . linear project can be considered as a compromise between complexity and inter ←
→ learning - based image reconstruction via parallel proximal algorithm ; in the past decade , sparsity - driven regularization has led to advancement of image reconstruction algorithms . traditionally , such regularizers rely on analytical models of sparsity ( e . g . total variation ( tv )). however , more recent methods are increasingly centered around data - driven arguments inspired by deep learning . in this letter , we propose to generalize tv regularization by replacing the l1 - penalty with an alternative prior that is ←
→ latent fisher discriminant analysis ; linear discriminant analysis ( lda ) is a well - known method for dimensionality reduction and classification . previous studies have also extended the binary - class case into multi - classes . however , many applications , such as object detection and keyframe extraction cannot provide consistent instance - label pairs , while lda requires labels on instance level for training . thus it cannot be directly applied for semi - supervised classification problem . in this paper , we overcome ←
→ sparse - posterior gaussian processes for general likelihoods ; gaussian processes ( gps ) provide a probabilistic nonparametric representation of functions in regression , classification , and other problems . unfortunately , exact learning with gps is intractable for large datasets . a variety of approximate gp methods have been proposed that essentially map the large dataset into a small set of basis points . among them , two state - of - the - art methods are sparse pseudo - input gaussian process ( spgp ) ( snelson and ghah ←
→ indoor activity detection and recognition for sport games analysis ; activity recognition in sport is an attractive field for computer vision research . game , player and team analysis are of great interest and research topics within this field emerge with the goal of automated analysis . the very specific underlying rules of sports can be used as prior knowledge for the recognition task and present a constrained environment for evaluation . this paper describes recognition of single player activities in sport ←
→ modeling transition dynamics in mdps with rkhs embeddings of conditional distributions ; we propose a new , nonparametric approach to estimating the value function in reinforcement learning . this approach makes use of a recently developed representation of conditional distributions as functions in a reproducing kernel hilbert space . such representations bypass the need for estimating transition probabilities , and apply to any domain on which kernels can be defined . our approach avoids the need to approxima ←
→ a nonparametric model for multimodal collaborative activities summarization ; ego - centric data streams provide a unique opportunity to reason about joint behavior by pooling data across individuals . this is especially evident in urban environments teeming with human activities , but which suffer from incomplete and noisy data . collaborative human activities exhibit common spatial , temporal , and visual characteristics facilitating inference across individuals from multiple sensory modalities as we explore i ←
→ parametric return density estimation for reinforcement learning ; most conventional reinforcement learning ( rl ) algorithms aim to optimize decision - making rules in terms of the expected returns . however , especially for risk management purposes , other risk - sensitive criteria such as the value - at - risk or the expected shortfall are sometimes preferred in real applications . here , we describe a parametric method for estimating density of the returns , which allows us to handle various criteria in a unified manner ←
→ sales forecast in e - commerce using convolutional neural network ; sales forecast is an essential task in e - commerce and has a crucial impact on making informed business decisions . it can help us to manage the workforce , cash flow and resources such as optimizing the supply chain of manufacturers etc . sales forecast is a challenging problem in that sales is affected by many factors including promotion activities , price changes , and user preferences etc . traditional sales forecast techniques mainly rely on hi ←
→ learned optimizers that scale and generalize ; learning to learn has emerged as an important direction for achieving artificial intelligence . two of the primary barriers to its adoption are an inability to scale to larger problems and a limited ability to generalize to new tasks . we introduce a learned gradient descent optimizer that generalizes well to new tasks , and which has significantly reduced memory and computation overhead . we achieve this by introducing a novel hierarchical rnn architecture , with m ←
→ segmentation of histological images and fibrosis identification with a convolutional neural network ; segmentation of histological images is one of the most crucial tasks for many biomedical analyses including quantification of certain tissue type . however , challenges are posed by high variability and complexity of structural features in such images , in addition to imaging artifacts . further , the conventional approach of manual thresholding is labor - intensive , and highly sensitive to inter - and intra - imag ←
→ on learning discrete graphical models using greedy methods ; in this paper , we address the problem of learning the structure of a pairwise graphical model from samples in a high - dimensional setting . our first main result studies the sparsistency , or consistency in sparsity pattern recovery , properties of a forward - backward greedy algorithm as applied to general statistical models . as a special case , we then apply this algorithm to learn the structure of a discrete graphical model via neighborhood estimation ←
→ end - to - end attention - based distant speech recognition with highway lstm ; end - to - end attention - based models have been shown to be competitive alternatives to conventional dnn - hmm models in the speech recognition systems . in this paper , we extend existing end - to - end attention - based models that can be applied for distant speech recognition ( dsr ) task . specifically , we propose an end - to - end attention - based speech recognizer with multichannel input that performs sequence prediction directly at the character lev ←
→ from conformal to probabilistic prediction ; this paper proposes a new method of probabilistic prediction , which is based on conformal prediction . the method is applied to the standard usps data set and gives encouraging results .←
→ prediction , expectation , and surprise : methods , designs , and study of a deployed traffic forecasting service ; we present research on developing models that forecast traffic flow and congestion in the greater seattle area . the research has led to the deployment of a service named jambayes , that is being actively used by over 2 , 500 users via smartphones and desktop versions of the system . we review the modeling effort and describe experiments probing the predictive accuracy of the models . finally , we prese ←
→ comparison of training methods for deep neural networks ; this report describes the difficulties of training neural networks and in particular deep neural networks . it then provides a literature review of training methods for deep neural networks , with a focus on pre - training . it focuses on deep belief networks composed of restricted boltzmann machines and stacked autoencoders and provides an outreach on further and alternative approaches . it also includes related practical recommendations from the literatu ←
→ sparse - tda : sparse realization of topological data analysis for multi - way classification ; topological data analysis ( tda ) has emerged as one of the most promising techniques to reconstruct the unknown shapes of high - dimensional spaces from observed data samples . tda , thus , yields key shape descriptors in the form of persistent topological features that can be used for any supervised or unsupervised learning task , including multi - way classification . sparse sampling , on the other hand , provides a highly ef ←
→ comparative study of lsa vs word2vec embeddings in small corpora : a case study in dreams database ; word embeddings have been extensively studied in large text datasets . however , only a few studies analyze semantic representations of small corpora , particularly relevant in single - person text production studies . in the present paper , we compare skip - gram and lsa capabilities in this scenario , and we test both techniques to extract relevant semantic patterns in single - series dreams reports . lsa showed bette ←
→ the dl - lite family and relations ; the recently introduced series of description logics under the common moniker dl - lite has attracted attention of the description logic and semantic web communities due to the low computational complexity of inference , on the one hand , and the ability to represent conceptual modeling formalisms , on the other . the main aim of this article is to carry out a thorough and systematic investigation of inference in extensions of the original dl - lite logics along five axes : by ( i ) ←
→ large - scale image retrieval with attentive deep local features ; we propose an attentive local feature descriptor suitable for large - scale image retrieval , referred to as delf ( deep local feature ). the new feature is based on convolutional neural networks , which are trained only with image - level annotations on a landmark image dataset . to identify semantically useful local features for image retrieval , we also propose an attention mechanism for keypoint selection , which shares most network layers with the d ←
→ on the similarities between native , non - native and translated texts ; we present a computational analysis of three language varieties : native , advanced non - native , and translation . our goal is to investigate the similarities and differences between non - native language productions and translations , contrasting both with native language . using a collection of computational methods we establish three main results : ( 1 ) the three types of texts are easily distinguishable ; ( 2 ) non - native language and translations ←
→ deep gaussian embedding of graphs : unsupervised inductive learning via ranking ; methods that learn representations of nodes in a graph play a critical role in network analysis since they enable many downstream learning tasks . we propose graph2gauss - an approach that can efficiently learn versatile node embeddings on large scale ( attributed ) graphs that show strong performance on tasks such as link prediction and node classification . unlike most approaches that represent nodes as point vectors in a low - d ←
→ the era of fole : foundation ; this paper discusses the representation of ontologies in the first - order logical environment fole ( kent 2013 ). an ontology defines the primitives with which to model the knowledge resources for a community of discourse ( gruber 2009 ). these primitives , consisting of classes , relationships and properties , are represented by the entity - relationship - attribute era data model ( chen 1976 ). an ontology uses formal axioms to constrain the interpretation of these primitives . in short , an ←
→ a semi - markov switching linear gaussian model for censored physiological data ; critically ill patients in regular wards are vulnerable to unanticipated clinical dete - rioration which requires timely transfer to the intensive care unit ( icu ). to allow for risk scoring and patient monitoring in such a setting , we develop a novel semi - markov switching linear gaussian model ( sslgm ) for the inpatients ' physiol - ogy . the model captures the patients ' latent clinical states and their corresponding observable la ←
→ composite self - concordant minimization ; we propose a variable metric framework for minimizing the sum of a self - concordant function and a possibly non - smooth convex function , endowed with an easily computable proximal operator . we theoretically establish the convergence of our framework without relying on the usual lipschitz gradient assumption on the smooth part . an important highlight of our work is a new set of analytic step - size selection and correction procedures based on the structure of the problem .←
→ intent - aware contextual recommendation system ; recommender systems take inputs from user history , use an internal ranking algorithm to generate results and possibly optimize this ranking based on feedback . however , often the recommender system is unaware of the actual intent of the user and simply provides recommendations dynamically without properly understanding the thought process of the user . an intelligent recommender system is not only useful for the user but also for businesses which want to learn t ←
→ efficient dense labeling of human activity sequences from wearables using fully convolutional networks ; recognizing human activities in a sequence is a challenging area of research in ubiquitous computing . most approaches use a fixed size sliding window over consecutive samples to extract features --- either handcrafted or learned features --- and predict a single label for all samples in the window . two key problems emanate from this approach : i ) the samples in one window may not always share the same label ←
→ variational neural machine translation ; models of neural machine translation are often from a discriminative family of encoderdecoders that learn a conditional distribution of a target sentence given a source sentence . in this paper , we propose a variational model to learn this conditional distribution for neural machine translation : a variational encoderdecoder model that can be trained end - to - end . different from the vanilla encoder - decoder model that generates target translations from hidden representati ←
→ consistent procedures for cluster tree estimation and pruning ; for a density $ f $ on ${\ mathbb r }^ d $, a {\ it high - density cluster } is any connected component of $\{ x : f ( x ) \ geq \ lambda \}$, for some $\ lambda > 0 $. the set of all high - density clusters forms a hierarchy called the {\ it cluster tree } of $ f $. we present two procedures for estimating the cluster tree given samples from $ f $. the first is a robust variant of the single linkage algorithm for hierarchical clustering . the second is based on the $ k $- ne ←
→ proliferating cell nuclear antigen ( pcna ) allows the automatic identification of follicles in microscopic images of human ovarian tissue ; human ovarian reserve is defined by the population of nongrowing follicles ( ngfs ) in the ovary . direct estimation of ovarian reserve involves the identification of ngfs in prepared ovarian tissue . previous studies involving human tissue have used hematoxylin and eosin ( he ) stain , with ngf populations estimated by human examination either of tissue under a microscope , o ←
→ object detection and sorting by using a global texture - shape 3d feature descriptor ; object recognition and sorting plays a key role in robotic systems , especially for the autonomous robots to implement object sorting tasks in a warehouse . in this paper , we present a global texture - shape 3d feature descriptor which can be utilized in a sorting system , and this system can perform object sorting tasks well . our proposed descriptor stems from the clustered viewpoint feature histogram ( cvfh ). as the cvfh feat ←
→ lsh microbatches for stochastic gradients : value in rearrangement ; metric embeddings are immensely useful representation of interacting entities such as videos , users , search queries , online resources , words , and more . embeddings are computed by optimizing a loss function of the form of a sum over provided associations so that relation of embedding vectors reflects strength of association . moreover , the resulting embeddings allow us to predict the strength of unobserved associations . typically , the optim ←
→ fine - grain annotation of cricket videos ; the recognition of human activities is one of the key problems in video understanding . action recognition is challenging even for specific categories of videos , such as sports , that contain only a small set of actions . interestingly , sports videos are accompanied by detailed commentaries available online , which could be used to perform action annotation in a weakly - supervised setting . for the specific case of cricket videos , we address the challenge of temporal segm ←
→ on enhancing genetic algorithms using new crossovers ; this paper investigates the use of more than one crossover operator to enhance the performance of genetic algorithms . novel crossover operators are proposed such as the collision crossover , which is based on the physical rules of elastic collision , in addition to proposing two selection strategies for the crossover operators , one of which is based on selecting the best crossover operator and the other randomly selects any operator . several experiments o ←
→ particle swarm optimized fuzzy controller for indirect vector control of multilevel inverter fed induction motor ; the particle swarm optimized ( pso ) fuzzy controller has been proposed for indirect vector control of induction motor . in this proposed scheme a neutral point clamped ( npc ) multilevel inverter is used and hysteresis current control technique has been adopted for switching the igbts . a mamdani type fuzzy controller is used in place of conventional pi controller . to ensure better performance of ←
→ bebp : an poisoning method against machine learning based idss ; in big data era , machine learning is one of fundamental techniques in intrusion detection systems ( idss ). however , practical idss generally update their decision module by feeding new data then retraining learning models in a periodical way . hence , some attacks that comprise the data for training or testing classifiers significantly challenge the detecting capability of machine learning - based idss . poisoning attack , which is one of the most rec ←
→ a unified gender - aware age estimation ; human age estimation has attracted increasing researches due to its wide applicability in such as security monitoring and advertisement recommendation . although a variety of methods have been proposed , most of them focus only on the age - specific facial appearance . however , biological researches have shown that not only gender but also the aging difference between the male and the female inevitably affect the age estimation . to our knowledge , so far there have been two ←
→ hybrid conditional gradient - smoothing algorithms with applications to sparse and low rank regularization ; we study a hybrid conditional gradient - smoothing algorithm ( hcgs ) for solving composite convex optimization problems which contain several terms over a bounded set . examples of these include regularization problems with several norms as penalties and a norm constraint . hcgs extends conditional gradient methods to cases with multiple nonsmooth terms , in which standard conditional gradient methods ←
→ modeling documents with generative adversarial networks ; this paper describes a method for using generative adversarial networks to learn distributed representations of natural language documents . we propose a model that is based on the recently proposed energy - based gan , but instead uses a denoising autoencoder as the discriminator network . document representations are extracted from the hidden layer of the discriminator and evaluated both quantitatively and qualitatively .←
→ contrast enhancement estimation for digital image forensics ; inconsistency in contrast enhancement can be used to expose image forgeries . in this work , we describe a new method to estimate contrast enhancement from a single image . our method takes advantage of the nature of contrast enhancement as a mapping between pixel values , and the distinct characteristics it introduces to the image pixel histogram . our method recovers the original pixel histogram and the contrast enhancement simultaneously from a sin ←
→ the reaction ruleml classification of the event / action / state processing and reasoning space ; reaction ruleml is a general , practical , compact and user - friendly xml - serialized language for the family of reaction rules . in this white paper we give a review of the history of event / action / state processing and reaction rule approaches and systems in different domains , define basic concepts and give a classification of the event , action , state processing and reasoning space as well as a discussion of re ←
→ mid - level deep pattern mining ; mid - level visual element discovery aims to find clusters of image patches that are both representative and discriminative . in this work , we study this problem from the prospective of pattern mining while relying on the recently popularized convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). specifically , we find that for an image patch , activations extracted from the first fully - connected layer of cnns have two appealing properties which enable its seamless integration with pattern mining .←
→ a tentative model for dimensionless phoneme distance from binary distinctive features ; this work proposes a tentative model for the calculation of dimensionless distances between phonemes ; sounds are described with binary distinctive features and distances show linear consistency in terms of such features . the model can be used as a scoring function for local and global pairwise alignment of phoneme sequences , and the distances can be used as prior probabilities for bayesian analyses on the phylogenetic ←
→ decontamination of mutual contamination models ; many machine learning problems can be characterized by mutual contamination models . in these problems , one observes several random samples from different convex combinations of a set of unknown base distributions and the goal is to infer these base distributions . this paper considers the general setting where the base distributions are defined on arbitrary probability spaces . we examine three popular machine learning problems that arise in this general settin ←
→ soft set based feature selection approach for lung cancer images ; lung cancer is the deadliest type of cancer for both men and women . feature selection plays a vital role in cancer classification . this paper investigates the feature selection process in computed tomographic ( ct ) lung cancer images using soft set theory . we propose a new soft set based unsupervised feature selection algorithm . nineteen features are extracted from the segmented lung images using gray level co - occurence matrix ( glcm ) and gray ←
→ top down approach to multiple plane detection ; detecting multiple planes in images is a challenging problem , but one with many applications . recent work such as j - linkage and ordered residual kernels have focussed on developing a domain independent approach to detect multiple structures . these multiple structure detection methods are then used for estimating multiple homographies given feature matches between two images . features participating in the multiple homographies detected , provide us the multiple ←
→ separable dictionary learning ; many techniques in computer vision , machine learning , and statistics rely on the fact that a signal of interest admits a sparse representation over some dictionary . dictionaries are either available analytically , or can be learned from a suitable training set . while analytic dictionaries permit to capture the global structure of a signal and allow a fast implementation , learned dictionaries often perform better in applications as they are more adapted to the considered class ←
→ egocentric meets top - view ; thanks to the availability and increasing popularity of egocentric cameras such as gopro cameras , glasses , and etc . we have been provided with a plethora of videos captured from the first person perspective . surveillance cameras and unmanned aerial vehicles ( also known as drones ) also offer tremendous amount of videos , mostly with top - down or oblique view - point . egocentric vision and top - view surveillance videos have been studied extensively in the past in the computer vision comm ←
→ a general algorithm for approximate inference and its application to hybrid bayes nets ; the clique tree algorithm is the standard method for doing inference in bayesian networks . it works by manipulating clique potentials - distributions over the variables in a clique . while this approach works well for many networks , it is limited by the need to maintain an exact representation of the clique potentials . this paper presents a new unified approach that combines approximate inference and the clique tree al ←
→ maximum - likelihood augmented discrete generative adversarial networks ; despite the successes in capturing continuous distributions , the application of generative adversarial networks ( gans ) to discrete settings , like natural language tasks , is rather restricted . the fundamental reason is the difficulty of back - propagation through discrete random variables combined with the inherent instability of the gan training objective . to address these problems , we propose maximum - likelihood augmented discrete generat ←
→ on the theory and practice of privacy - preserving bayesian data analysis ; bayesian inference has great promise for the privacy - preserving analysis of sensitive data , as posterior sampling automatically preserves differential privacy , an algorithmic notion of data privacy , under certain conditions ( dimitrakakis et al ., 2014 ; wang et al ., 2015 ). while this one posterior sample ( ops ) approach elegantly provides privacy " for free ," it is data inefficient in the sense of asymptotic relative efficiency ( are ). we ←
→ fast methods for denoising matrix completion formulations , with applications to robust seismic data interpolation ; recent svd - free matrix factorization formulations have enabled rank minimization for systems with millions of rows and columns , paving the way for matrix completion in extremely large - scale applications , such as seismic data interpolation . in this paper , we consider matrix completion formulations designed to hit a target data - fitting error level provided by the user , and propose an algorit ←
→ on polynomial time pac reinforcement learning with rich observations ; we study the computational tractability of provably sample - efficient ( pac ) reinforcement learning in episodic environments with high - dimensional observations . we present new sample efficient algorithms for environments with deterministic hidden state dynamics but stochastic rich observations . these methods represent computationally efficient alternatives to prior algorithms that rely on enumerating exponentially many functions . we show t ←
→ a reproducible study on remote heart rate measurement ; this paper studies the problem of reproducible research in remote photoplethysmography ( rppg ). most of the work published in this domain is assessed on privately - owned databases , making it difficult to evaluate proposed algorithms in a standard and principled manner . as a consequence , we present a new , publicly available database containing a relatively large number of subjects recorded under two different lighting conditions . also , three state - of - the -←
→ rotting bandits ; the multi - armed bandits ( mab ) framework highlights the tension between acquiring new knowledge ( exploration ) and leveraging available knowledge ( exploitation ). in the classical mab problem , a decision maker must choose an arm at each time step , upon which she receives a reward . the decision maker ' s objective is to maximize her cumulative expected reward over the time horizon . the mab problem has been studied extensively , specifically under the assumption of the arms ' rewards distributions ←
→ learning mixtures of arbitrary distributions over large discrete domains ; we give an algorithm for learning a mixture of {\ em unstructured } distributions . this problem arises in various unsupervised learning scenarios , for example in learning {\ em topic models } from a corpus of documents spanning several topics . we show how to learn the constituents of a mixture of $ k $ arbitrary distributions over a large discrete domain $[ n ]=\{ 1 , 2 ,\ dots , n \}$ and the mixture weights , using $ o ( n \ polylog n )$ samples . ( in the ←
→ online distributed sensor selection ; a key problem in sensor networks is to decide which sensors to query when , in order to obtain the most useful information ( e . g ., for performing accurate prediction ), subject to constraints ( e . g ., on power and bandwidth ). in many applications the utility function is not known a priori , must be learned from data , and can even change over time . furthermore for large sensor networks solving a centralized optimization problem to select sensors is not feasible , and thus we se ←
→ hidden structure and function in the lexicon ; how many words are needed to define all the words in a dictionary ? graph - theoretic analysis reveals that about 10 % of a dictionary is a unique kernel of words that define one another and all the rest , but this is not the smallest such subset . the kernel consists of one huge strongly connected component ( scc ), about half its size , the core , surrounded by many small sccs , the satellites . core words can define one another but not the rest of the dictionary . the ke ←
→ adaptive quantization for deep neural network ; in recent years deep neural networks ( dnns ) have been rapidly developed in various applications , together with increasingly complex architectures . the performance gain of these dnns generally comes with high computational costs and large memory consumption , which may not be affordable for mobile platforms . deep model quantization can be used for reducing the computation and memory costs of dnns , and deploying complex dnns on mobile equipment . in this work , we ←
→ mobile augmented reality applications ; augmented reality have undergone considerable improvement in past years . many special techniques and hardware devices were developed , but the crucial breakthrough came with the spread of intelligent mobile phones . this enabled mass spread of augmented reality applications . however mobile devices have limited hardware capabilities , which narrows down the methods usable for scene analysis . in this article we propose an augmented reality application which is using cloud ←
→ accelerating permutation testing in voxel - wise analysis through subspace tracking : a new plugin for snpm ; permutation testing is a non - parametric method for obtaining the max null distribution used to compute corrected $ p $- values that provide strong control of false positives . in neuroimaging , however , the computational burden of running such an algorithm can be significant . we find that by viewing the permutation testing procedure as the construction of a very large permutation testing matrix , $ t $, one ←
→ neural face editing with intrinsic image disentangling ; traditional face editing methods often require a number of sophisticated and task specific algorithms to be applied one after the other --- a process that is tedious , fragile , and computationally intensive . in this paper , we propose an end - to - end generative adversarial network that infers a face - specific disentangled representation of intrinsic face properties , including shape ( i . e . normals ), albedo , and lighting , and an alpha matte . we show that this ←
→ reachable set computation and safety verification for neural networks with relu activations ; neural networks have been widely used to solve complex real - world problems . due to the complicate , nonlinear , non - convex nature of neural networks , formal safety guarantees for the output behaviors of neural networks will be crucial for their applications in safety - critical systems . in this paper , the output reachable set computation and safety verification problems for a class of neural networks consisting of rec ←
→ improving tsp solutions using ga with a new hybrid mutation based on knowledge and randomness ; genetic algorithm ( ga ) is an efficient tool for solving optimization problems by evolving solutions , as it mimics the darwinian theory of natural evolution . the mutation operator is one of the key success factors in ga , as it is considered the exploration operator of ga . various mutation operators exist to solve hard combinatorial problems such as the tsp . in this paper , we propose a hybrid mutation operator ca ←
→ a classification framework for partially observed dynamical systems ; we present a general framework for classifying partially observed dynamical systems based on the idea of learning in the model space . in contrast to the existing approaches using model point estimates to represent individual data items , we employ posterior distributions over models , thus taking into account in a principled manner the uncertainty due to both the generative ( observational and / or dynamic noise ) and observation ( sampling in t ←
→ a bayesian nonparametric approach to image super - resolution ; super - resolution methods form high - resolution images from low - resolution images . in this paper , we develop a new bayesian nonparametric model for super - resolution . our method uses a beta - bernoulli process to learn a set of recurring visual patterns , called dictionary elements , from the data . because it is nonparametric , the number of elements found is also determined from the data . we test the results on both benchmark and natural images , compari ←
→ online deforestation detection ; deforestation detection using satellite images can make an important contribution to forest management . current approaches can be broadly divided into those that compare two images taken at similar periods of the year and those that monitor changes by using multiple images taken during the growing season . the cmfda algorithm described in zhu et al . ( 2012 ) is an algorithm that builds on the latter category by implementing a year - long , continuous , time - series based approach to ←
→ deep collaborative learning for visual recognition ; deep neural networks are playing an important role in state - of - the - art visual recognition . to represent high - level visual concepts , modern networks are equipped with large convolutional layers , which use a large number of filters and contribute significantly to model complexity . for example , more than half of the weights of alexnet are stored in the first fully - connected layer ( 4 , 096 filters ). we formulate the function of a convolutional layer as learni ←
→ image subset selection using gabor filters and neural networks ; an automatic method for the selection of subsets of images , both modern and historic , out of a set of landmark large images collected from the internet is presented in this paper . this selection depends on the extraction of dominant features using gabor filtering . features are selected carefully from a preliminary image set and fed into a neural network as a training data . the method collects a large set of raw landmark images containing moder ←
→ does v - nir based image enhancement come with better features ? ; image enhancement using the visible ( v ) and near - infrared ( nir ) usually enhances useful image details . the enhanced images are evaluated by observers perception , instead of quantitative feature evaluation . thus , can we say that these enhanced images using nir information has better features in comparison to the computed features in the red , green , and blue color channels directly ? in this work , we present a new method to enhance the visible ima ←
→ still doing evolutionary algorithms with perl ; algorithm :: evolutionary ( a :: e from now on ) was introduced in 2002 , after a talk in yapc :: eu in munich . 7 years later , a :: e is in its 0 . 67 version ( past its " number of the beast " 0 . 666 ), and has been used extensively , to the point of being the foundation of much of the ( computer ) science being done by our research group ( and , admittedly , not many others ). all is not done , however ; now a :: e is being integrated with poe so that evolutionary algorithms ( eas ) can b ←
→ framenet resource grammar library for gf ; in this paper we present an ongoing research investigating the possibility and potential of integrating frame semantics , particularly framenet , in the grammatical framework ( gf ) application grammar development . an important component of gf is its resource grammar library ( rgl ) that encapsulates the low - level linguistic knowledge about morphology and syntax of currently more than 20 languages facilitating rapid development of multilingual applications . in the ideal ←
→ top - down saliency detection driven by visual classification ; this paper presents an approach for top - down saliency detection guided by visual classification tasks . we first learn how to compute visual saliency when a specific visual task has to be accomplished , as opposed to most state - of - the - art methods which assess saliency merely through bottom - up principles . afterwards , we investigate if and to what extent visual saliency can support visual classification in nontrivial cases . to achieve this , we propos ←
→ sélection de variables par le glm - lasso pour la prédiction du risque palustre ; in this study , we propose an automatic learning method for variables selection based on lasso in epidemiology context . one of the aim of this approach is to overcome the pretreatment of experts in medicine and epidemiology on collected data . these pretreatment consist in recoding some variables and to choose some interactions based on expertise . the approach proposed uses all available explanatory variables without treatment a ←
→ automated polyu palmprint sample registration and coarse classification ; biometric based authentication for secured access to resources has gained importance , due to their reliable , invariant and discriminating features . palmprint is one such biometric entity . prior to classification and identification registering a sample palmprint is an important activity . in this paper we propose a computationally effective method for automated registration of samples from plolyu palmprint database . in our approach we p ←
→ deep convolutional ranking for multilabel image annotation ; multilabel image annotation is one of the most important challenges in computer vision with many real - world applications . while existing work usually use conventional visual features for multilabel annotation , features based on deep neural networks have shown potential to significantly boost performance . in this work , we propose to leverage the advantage of such features and analyze key components that lead to better performances . specifically , we ←
→ hierarchical dirichlet process for tracking complex topical structure evolution and its application to autism research literature ; in this paper we describe a novel framework for the discovery of the topical content of a data corpus , and the tracking of its complex structural changes across the temporal dimension . in contrast to previous work our model does not impose a prior on the rate at which documents are added to the corpus nor does it adopt the markovian assumption which overly restricts the type ←
→ receptive field block net for accurate and fast object detection ; current top - performing object detectors depend on deep cnn backbones , such as resnet - 101 and inception , benefiting from their powerful feature representation but suffering from high computational cost . conversely , some lightweight model based detectors fulfil real time processing , while their accuracies are often criticized . in this paper , we explore an alternative to build a fast and accurate detector by strengthening lightweight features u ←
→ on differentiating parameterized argmin and argmax problems with application to bi - level optimization ; some recent works in machine learning and computer vision involve the solution of a bi - level optimization problem . here the solution of a parameterized lower - level problem binds variables that appear in the objective of an upper - level problem . the lower - level problem typically appears as an argmin or argmax optimization problem . many techniques have been proposed to solve bi - level optimization problems ,←
→ boosting as a kernel - based method ; boosting combines weak ( biased ) learners to obtain effective learning algorithms for classification and prediction . in this paper , we show a connection between boosting and kernel - based methods , highlighting both theoretical and practical applications . in the context of $\ ell_2 $ boosting , we start with a weak linear learner defined by a kernel $ k $. we show that boosting with this learner is equivalent to estimation with a special {\ it boosting kernel } that depends on $ k $,←
→ a learning - based framework for hybrid depth - from - defocus and stereo matching ; depth from defocus ( dfd ) and stereo matching are two most studied passive depth sensing schemes . the techniques are essentially complementary : dfd can robustly handle repetitive textures that are problematic for stereo matching whereas stereo matching is insensitive to defocus blurs and can handle large depth range . in this paper , we present a unified learning - based technique to conduct hybrid dfd and stereo matching . our input ←
→ boosting k - nn for categorization of natural scenes ; the k - nearest neighbors ( k - nn ) classification rule has proven extremely successful in countless many computer vision applications . for example , image categorization often relies on uniform voting among the nearest prototypes in the space of descriptors . in spite of its good properties , the classic k - nn rule suffers from high variance when dealing with sparse prototype datasets in high dimensions . a few techniques have been proposed to improve k - nn classif ←
→ automatic detection of knee joints and quantification of knee osteoarthritis severity using convolutional neural networks ; this paper introduces a new approach to automatically quantify the severity of knee oa using x - ray images . automatically quantifying knee oa severity involves two steps : first , automatically localizing the knee joints ; next , classifying the localized knee joint images . we introduce a new approach to automatically detect the knee joints using a fully convolutional neural network ( fcn )←
→ sentiwords : deriving a high precision and high coverage lexicon for sentiment analysis ; deriving prior polarity lexica for sentiment analysis - where positive or negative scores are associated with words out of context - is a challenging task . usually , a trade - off between precision and coverage is hard to find , and it depends on the methodology used to build the lexicon . manually annotated lexica provide a high precision but lack in coverage , whereas automatic derivation from pre - existing knowledge guara ←
→ what the language you tweet says about your occupation ; many aspects of people ' s lives are proven to be deeply connected to their jobs . in this paper , we first investigate the distinct characteristics of major occupation categories based on tweets . from multiple social media platforms , we gather several types of user information . from users ' linkedin webpages , we learn their proficiencies . to overcome the ambiguity of self - reported information , a soft clustering approach is applied to extract occupations f ←
→ decision - theoretic foundations for causal reasoning ; we present a definition of cause and effect in terms of decision - theoretic primitives and thereby provide a principled foundation for causal reasoning . our definition departs from the traditional view of causation in that causal assertions may vary with the set of decisions available . we argue that this approach provides added clarity to the notion of cause . also in this paper , we examine the encoding of causal relationships in directed acyclic graphs . w ←
→ monte carlo tree search with sampled information relaxation dual bounds ; monte carlo tree search ( mcts ), most famously used in game - play artificial intelligence ( e . g ., the game of go ), is a well - known strategy for constructing approximate solutions to sequential decision problems . its primary innovation is the use of a heuristic , known as a default policy , to obtain monte carlo estimates of downstream values for states in a decision tree . this information is used to iteratively expand the tree towards regi ←
→ tree - structure bayesian compressive sensing for video ; a bayesian compressive sensing framework is developed for video reconstruction based on the color coded aperture compressive temporal imaging ( cacti ) system . by exploiting the three dimension ( 3d ) tree structure of the wavelet and discrete cosine transformation ( dct ) coefficients , a bayesian compressive sensing inversion algorithm is derived to reconstruct ( up to 22 ) color video frames from a single monochromatic compressive measurement . both simulated ←
→ deep cocktail network : multi - source unsupervised domain adaptation with category shift ; unsupervised domain adaptation ( uda ) conventionally assumes labeled source samples coming from a single underlying source distribution . whereas in practical scenario , labeled data are typically collected from diverse sources . the multiple sources are different not only from the target but also from each other , thus , domain adaptater should not be modeled in the same way . moreover , those sources may not completely shar ←
→ optnet : differentiable optimization as a layer in neural networks ; this paper presents optnet , a network architecture that integrates optimization problems ( here , specifically in the form of quadratic programs ) as individual layers in larger end - to - end trainable deep networks . these layers encode constraints and complex dependencies between the hidden states that traditional convolutional and fully - connected layers often cannot capture . in this paper , we explore the foundations for such an architecture : we ←
→ a high speed multi - label classifier based on extreme learning machines ; in this paper a high speed neural network classifier based on extreme learning machines for multi - label classification problem is proposed and dis - cussed . multi - label classification is a superset of traditional binary and multi - class classification problems . the proposed work extends the extreme learning machine technique to adapt to the multi - label problems . as opposed to the single - label problem , both the number of labels the sample ←
→ stable and controllable neural texture synthesis and style transfer using histogram losses ; recently , methods have been proposed that perform texture synthesis and style transfer by using convolutional neural networks ( e . g . gatys et al . [ 2015 , 2016 ]). these methods are exciting because they can in some cases create results with state - of - the - art quality . however , in this paper , we show these methods also have limitations in texture quality , stability , requisite parameter tuning , and lack of user controls . ←
→ online adaptive machine learning based algorithm for implied volatility surface modeling ; in this work , we design a machine learning based method , online adaptive primal support vector regression ( svr ), to model the implied volatility surface . the algorithm proposed is the first derivation and implementation of an online primal kernel svr . it features enhancements that allow online adaptive learning by embedding the idea of local fitness and budget maintenance . to accelerate our algorithm , we implement i ←
→ worst - case optimal query answering for greedy sets of existential rules and their subclasses ; the need for an ontological layer on top of data , associated with advanced reasoning mechanisms able to exploit the semantics encoded in ontologies , has been acknowledged both in the database and knowledge representation communities . we focus in this paper on the ontological query answering problem , which consists of querying data while taking ontological knowledge into account . more specifically , we establish c ←
→ crossing generative adversarial networks for cross - view person re - identification ; person re - identification (\ textit { re - id }) refers to matching pedestrians across disjoint yet non - overlapping camera views . the most effective way to match these pedestrians undertaking significant visual variations is to seek reliably invariant features that can describe the person of interest faithfully . most of existing methods are presented in a supervised manner to produce discriminative features by relying on labeled p ←
→ see the difference : direct pre - image reconstruction and pose estimation by differentiating hog ; the histogram of oriented gradient ( hog ) descriptor has led to many advances in computer vision over the last decade and is still part of many state of the art approaches . we realize that the associated feature computation is piecewise differentiable and therefore many pipelines which build on hog can be made differentiable . this lends to advanced introspection as well as opportunities for end - to - end optimizat ←
→ approximate hubel - wiesel modules and the data structures of neural computation ; this paper describes a framework for modeling the interface between perception and memory on the algorithmic level of analysis . it is consistent with phenomena associated with many different brain regions . these include view - dependence ( and invariance ) effects in visual psychophysics and inferotemporal cortex physiology , as well as episodic memory recall interference effects associated with the medial temporal lobe . the persp ←
→ a generalization of the noisy - or model ; the noisy - or model is convenient for describing a class of uncertain relationships in bayesian networks [ pearl 1988 ]. pearl describes the noisy - or model for boolean variables . here we generalize the model to nary input and output variables and to arbitrary functions other than the boolean or function . this generalization is a useful modeling aid for construction of bayesian networks . we illustrate with some examples including digital circuit diagnosis and network rel ←
→ active function cross - entropy clustering ; gaussian mixture models ( gmm ) have found many applications in density estimation and data clustering . however , the model does not adapt well to curved and strongly nonlinear data . recently there appeared an improvement called acagmm ( active curve axis gaussian mixture model ), which fits gaussians along curves using an em - like ( expectation maximization ) approach . using the ideas standing behind acagmm , we build an alternative active function model of clustering , w ←
→ question generation from a knowledge base with web exploration ; question generation from a knowledge base ( kb ) is the task of generating questions related to the domain of the input kb . we propose a system for generating fluent and natural questions from a kb , which significantly reduces the human effort by leveraging massive web resources . in more detail , a seed question set is first generated by applying a small number of hand - crafted templates on the input kb , then more questions are retrieved by iterat ←
→ a note on active learning for smooth problems ; we show that the disagreement coefficient of certain smooth hypothesis classes is $ o ( m )$, where $ m $ is the dimension of the hypothesis space , thereby answering a question posed in \ cite { friedman09 }.←
→ fast global convergence via landscape of empirical loss ; while optimizing convex objective ( loss ) functions has been a powerhouse for machine learning for at least two decades , non - convex loss functions have attracted fast growing interests recently , due to many desirable properties such as superior robustness and classification accuracy , compared with their convex counterparts . the main obstacle for non - convex estimators is that it is in general intractable to find the optimal solution . in this paper , we ←
→ a second - order bound with excess losses ; we study online aggregation of the predictions of experts , and first show new second - order regret bounds in the standard setting , which are obtained via a version of the prod algorithm ( and also a version of the polynomially weighted average algorithm ) with multiple learning rates . these bounds are in terms of excess losses , the differences between the instantaneous losses suffered by the algorithm and the ones of a given expert . we then demonstrate the interest of ←
→ utilizing large scale vision and text datasets for image segmentation from referring expressions ; image segmentation from referring expressions is a joint vision and language modeling task , where the input is an image and a textual expression describing a particular region in the image ; and the goal is to localize and segment the specific image region based on the given expression . one major difficulty to train such language - based image segmentation systems is the lack of datasets with joint vision and t ←
→ spectral algorithms for computing fair support vector machines ; classifiers and rating scores are prone to implicitly codifying biases , which may be present in the training data , against protected classes ( i . e ., age , gender , or race ). so it is important to understand how to design classifiers and scores that prevent discrimination in predictions . this paper develops computationally tractable algorithms for designing accurate but fair support vector machines ( svm ' s ). our approach imposes a constraint on the ←
→ a classification - based perspective on gan distributions ; a fundamental , and still largely unanswered , question in the context of generative adversarial networks ( gans ) is whether gans are actually able to capture the key characteristics of the datasets they are trained on . the current approaches to examining this issue require significant human supervision , such as visual inspection of sampled images , and often offer only fairly limited scalability . in this paper , we propose new techniques that employ a cl ←
→ cfo : conditional focused neural question answering with large - scale knowledge bases ; how can we enable computers to automatically answer questions like " who created the character harry potter "? carefully built knowledge bases provide rich sources of facts . however , it remains a challenge to answer factoid questions raised in natural language due to numerous expressions of one question . in particular , we focus on the most common questions --- ones that can be answered with a single fact in the knowledge b ←
→ demystifying parallel and distributed deep learning : an in - depth concurrency analysis ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) are becoming an important tool in modern computing applications . accelerating their training is a major challenge and techniques range from distributed algorithms to low - level circuit design . in this survey , we describe the problem from a theoretical perspective , followed by approaches for its parallelization . specifically , we present trends in dnn architectures and the resulting implication ←
→ a parallel corpus of translationese ; we describe a set of bilingual english -- french and english -- german parallel corpora in which the direction of translation is accurately and reliably annotated . the corpora are diverse , consisting of parliamentary proceedings , literary works , transcriptions of ted talks and political commentary . they will be instrumental for research of translationese and its applications to ( human and machine ) translation ; specifically , they can be used for the task of translationese id ←
→ a geometric proof of calibration ; we provide yet another proof of the existence of calibrated forecasters ; it has two merits . first , it is valid for an arbitrary finite number of outcomes . second , it is short and simple and it follows from a direct application of blackwell ' s approachability theorem to carefully chosen vector - valued payoff function and convex target set . our proof captures the essence of existing proofs based on approachability ( e . g ., the proof by foster , 1999 in case of binary outcomes ) an ←
→ maximum margin classifier working in a set of strings ; numbers and numerical vectors account for a large portion of data . however , recently the amount of string data generated has increased dramatically . consequently , classifying string data is a common problem in many fields . the most widely used approach to this problem is to convert strings into numerical vectors using string kernels and subsequently apply a support vector machine that works in a numerical vector space . however , this non - one - to - one conv ←
→ blind nonnegative source separation using biological neural networks ; blind source separation , i . e . extraction of independent sources from a mixture , is an important problem for both artificial and natural signal processing . here , we address a special case of this problem when sources ( but not the mixing matrix ) are known to be nonnegative , for example , due to the physical nature of the sources . we search for the solution to this problem that can be implemented using biologically plausible neural networks .←
→ deep spatial feature reconstruction for partial person re - identification : alignment - free approach ; partial person re - identification ( re - id ) is a challenging problem , where only some partial observations ( images ) of persons are available for matching . however , few studies have offered a flexible solution of how to identify an arbitrary patch of a person image . in this paper , we propose a fast and accurate matching method to address this problem . the proposed method leverages fully convolutional network ( f ←
→ object specific deep learning feature and its application to face detection ; we present a method for discovering and exploiting object specific deep learning features and use face detection as a case study . motivated by the observation that certain convolutional channels of a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) exhibit object specific responses , we seek to discover and exploit the convolutional channels of a cnn in which neurons are activated by the presence of specific objects in the input image . a metho ←
→ classification of breast cancer histology images using transfer learning ; breast cancer is one of the leading causes of mortality in women . early detection and treatment are imperative for improving survival rates , which have steadily increased in recent years as a result of more sophisticated computer - aided - diagnosis ( cad ) systems . a critical component of breast cancer diagnosis relies on histopathology , a laborious and highly subjective process . consequently , cad systems are essential to reduce inter - rat ←
→ forecasting economics and financial time series : arima vs . lstm ; forecasting time series data is an important subject in economics , business , and finance . traditionally , there are several techniques to effectively forecast the next lag of time series data such as univariate autoregressive ( ar ), univariate moving average ( ma ), simple exponential smoothing ( ses ), and more notably autoregressive integrated moving average ( arima ) with its many variations . in particular , arima model has demonstrated its outperf ←
→ sparse coding with fast image alignment via large displacement optical flow ; sparse representation - based classifiers have shown outstanding accuracy and robustness in image classification tasks even with the presence of intense noise and occlusion . however , it has been discovered that the performance degrades significantly either when test image is not aligned with the dictionary atoms or the dictionary atoms themselves are not aligned with each other , in which cases the sparse linear representation assu ←
→ heterogeneous multi - task learning for human pose estimation with deep convolutional neural network ; we propose an heterogeneous multi - task learning framework for human pose estimation from monocular image with deep convolutional neural network . in particular , we simultaneously learn a pose - joint regressor and a sliding - window body - part detector in a deep network architecture . we show that including the body - part detection task helps to regularize the network , directing it to converge to a good solution . ←
→ local search techniques for constrained portfolio selection problems ; we consider the problem of selecting a portfolio of assets that provides the investor a suitable balance of expected return and risk . with respect to the seminal mean - variance model of markowitz , we consider additional constraints on the cardinality of the portfolio and on the quantity of individual shares . such constraints better capture the real - world trading system , but make the problem more difficult to be solved with exact methods . ←
→ deep saliency : what is learnt by a deep network about saliency ? ; deep convolutional neural networks have achieved impressive performance on a broad range of problems , beating prior art on established benchmarks , but it often remains unclear what are the representations learnt by those systems and how they achieve such performance . this article examines the specific problem of saliency detection , where benchmarks are currently dominated by cnn - based approaches , and investigates the properties of the learnt ←
→ some properties of plausible reasoning ; this paper presents a plausible reasoning system to illustrate some broad issues in knowledge representation : dualities between different reasoning forms , the difficulty of unifying complementary reasoning styles , and the approximate nature of plausible reasoning . these issues have a common underlying theme : there should be an underlying belief calculus of which the many different reasoning forms are special cases , sometimes approximate . the system presented allows r ←
→ facial key points detection using deep convolutional neural network - naimishnet ; facial key points ( fkps ) detection is an important and challenging problem in the fields of computer vision and machine learning . it involves predicting the co - ordinates of the fkps , e . g . nose tip , center of eyes , etc , for a given face . in this paper , we propose a lenet adapted deep cnn model - naimishnet , to operate on facial key points data and compare our model ' s performance against existing state of the art approaches .←
→ performance measures for classification systems with rejection ; classifiers with rejection are essential in real - world applications where misclassifications and their effects are critical . however , if no problem specific cost function is defined , there are no established measures to assess the performance of such classifiers . we introduce a set of desired properties for performance measures for classifiers with rejection , based on which we propose a set of three performance measures for the evaluation of t ←
→ on the construction of the inclusion boundary neighbourhood for markov equivalence classes of bayesian network structures ; the problem of learning markov equivalence classes of bayesian network structures may be solved by searching for the maximum of a scoring metric in a space of these classes . this paper deals with the definition and analysis of one such search space . we use a theoretically motivated neighbourhood , the inclusion boundary , and represent equivalence classes by essential graphs . we show t ←
→ on bayesian exponentially embedded family for model order selection ; in this paper , we derive a bayesian model order selection rule by using the exponentially embedded family method , termed bayesian eef . unlike many other bayesian model selection methods , the bayesian eef can use vague proper priors and improper noninformative priors to be objective in the elicitation of parameter priors . moreover , the penalty term of the rule is shown to be the sum of half of the parameter dimension and the estimated mutu ←
→ motility at the origin of life : its characterization and a model ; due to recent advances in synthetic biology and artificial life , the origin of life is currently a hot topic of research . we review the literature and argue that the two traditionally competing " replicator - first " and " metabolism - first " approaches are merging into one integrated theory of individuation and evolution . we contribute to the maturation of this more inclusive approach by highlighting some problematic assumptions that still lead to ←
→ sample complexity of stochastic variance - reduced cubic regularization for nonconvex optimization ; the popular cubic regularization ( cr ) method converges with first - and second - order optimality guarantee for nonconvex optimization , but encounters a high sample complexity issue for solving large - scale problems . various sub - sampling variants of cr have been proposed to improve the sample complexity . in this paper , we propose a stochastic variance - reduced cubic - regularized ( svrc ) newton ' s method under both sa ←
→ technical note : towards roc curves in cost space ; roc curves and cost curves are two popular ways of visualising classifier performance , finding appropriate thresholds according to the operating condition , and deriving useful aggregated measures such as the area under the roc curve ( auc ) or the area under the optimal cost curve . in this note we present some new findings and connections between roc space and cost space , by using the expected loss over a range of operating conditions . in particular , we show ←
→ sentihood : targeted aspect based sentiment analysis dataset for urban neighbourhoods ; in this paper , we introduce the task of targeted aspect - based sentiment analysis . the goal is to extract fine - grained information with respect to entities mentioned in user comments . this work extends both aspect - based sentiment analysis that assumes a single entity per document and targeted sentiment analysis that assumes a single sentiment towards a target entity . in particular , we identify the sentiment towards each ←
→ edge - linear first - order dependency parsing with undirected minimum spanning tree inference ; the run time complexity of state - of - the - art inference algorithms in graph - based dependency parsing is super - linear in the number of input words ( n ). recently , pruning algorithms for these models have shown to cut a large portion of the graph edges , with minimal damage to the resulting parse trees . solving the inference problem in run time complexity determined solely by the number of edges ( m ) is hence of obvious ←
→ towards classification of web ontologies using the horizontal and vertical segmentation ; the new era of the web is known as the semantic web or the web of data . the semantic web depends on ontologies that are seen as one of its pillars . the bigger these ontologies , the greater their exploitation . however , when these ontologies become too big other problems may appear , such as the complexity to charge big files in memory , the time it needs to download such files and especially the time it needs to make re ←
→ network - based isoform quantification with rna - seq data for cancer transcriptome analysis ; high - throughput mrna sequencing ( rna - seq ) is widely used for transcript quantification of gene isoforms . since rna - seq data alone is often not sufficient to accurately identify the read origins from the isoforms for quantification , we propose to explore protein domain - domain interactions as prior knowledge for integrative analysis with rna - seq data . we introduce a network - based method for rna - seq - based transcript qu ←
→ reuse of designs : desperately seeking an interdisciplinary cognitive approach ; this text analyses the papers accepted for the workshop " reuse of designs : an interdisciplinary cognitive approach ". several dimensions and questions considered as important ( by the authors and / or by us ) are addressed : what about the " interdisciplinary cognitive " character of the approaches adopted by the authors ? is design indeed a domain where the use of cbr is particularly suitable ? are there important distinctions between ←
→ discriminative convolutional fisher vector network for action recognition ; in this work we propose a novel neural network architecture for the problem of human action recognition in videos . the proposed architecture expresses the processing steps of classical fisher vector approaches , that is dimensionality reduction by principal component analysis ( pca ) projection , gaussian mixture model ( gmm ) and fisher vector descriptor extraction , as network layers . by contrast to other methods where these steps are ←
→ likelihood - based semi - supervised model selection with applications to speech processing ; in conventional supervised pattern recognition tasks , model selection is typically accomplished by minimizing the classification error rate on a set of so - called development data , subject to ground - truth labeling by human experts or some other means . in the context of speech processing systems and other large - scale practical applications , however , such labeled development data are typically costly and difficult to ob ←
→ sampling generative networks ; we introduce several techniques for sampling and visualizing the latent spaces of generative models . replacing linear interpolation with spherical linear interpolation prevents diverging from a model ' s prior distribution and produces sharper samples . j - diagrams and mine grids are introduced as visualizations of manifolds created by analogies and nearest neighbors . we demonstrate two new techniques for deriving attribute vectors : bias - corrected vectors with data replication and ←
→ xor - sampling for network design with correlated stochastic events ; many network optimization problems can be formulated as stochastic network design problems in which edges are present or absent stochastically . furthermore , protective actions can guarantee that edges will remain present . we consider the problem of finding the optimal protection strategy under a budget limit in order to maximize some connectivity measurements of the network . previous approaches rely on the assumption that edges are independ ←
→ alan turing and the " hard " and " easy " problem of cognition : doing and feeling ; the " easy " problem of cognitive science is explaining how and why we can do what we can do . the " hard " problem is explaining how and why we feel . turing ' s methodology for cognitive science ( the turing test ) is based on doing : design a model that can do anything a human can do , indistinguishably from a human , to a human , and you have explained cognition . searle has shown that the successful model cannot be solely computational .←
→ propagating uncertainty in multi - stage bayesian convolutional neural networks with application to pulmonary nodule detection ; motivated by the problem of computer - aided detection ( cad ) of pulmonary nodules , we introduce methods to propagate and fuse uncertainty information in a multi - stage bayesian convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architecture . the question we seek to answer is " can we take advantage of the model uncertainty provided by one deep learning model to improve the performance of the subseque ←
→ zigzag : a new approach to adaptive online learning ; we develop a novel family of algorithms for the online learning setting with regret against any data sequence bounded by the empirical rademacher complexity of that sequence . to develop a general theory of when this type of adaptive regret bound is achievable we establish a connection to the theory of decoupling inequalities for martingales in banach spaces . when the hypothesis class is a set of linear functions bounded in some norm , such a regret bound i ←
→ flexible end - to - end dialogue system for knowledge grounded conversation ; in knowledge grounded conversation , domain knowledge plays an important role in a special domain such as music . the response of knowledge grounded conversation might contain multiple answer entities or no entity at all . although existing generative question answering ( qa ) systems can be applied to knowledge grounded conversation , they either have at most one entity in a response or cannot deal with out - of - vocabulary entities . we propo ←
→ adaptative combination rule and proportional conflict redistribution rule for information fusion ; this paper presents two new promising rules of combination for the fusion of uncertain and potentially highly conflicting sources of evidences in the framework of the theory of belief functions in order to palliate the well - know limitations of dempster ' s rule and to work beyond the limits of applicability of the dempster - shafer theory . we present both a new class of adaptive combination rules ( acr ) and a new ←
→ on the performance of convnet features for place recognition ; after the incredible success of deep learning in the computer vision domain , there has been much interest in applying convolutional network ( convnet ) features in robotic fields such as visual navigation and slam . unfortunately , there are fundamental differences and challenges involved . computer vision datasets are very different in character to robotic camera data , real - time performance is essential , and performance priorities can be different . ←
→ modelling and analysing cargo screening processes : a project outline ; the efficiency of current cargo screening processes at sea and air ports is unknown as no benchmarks exists against which they could be measured . some manufacturer benchmarks exist for individual sensors but we have not found any benchmarks that take a holistic view of the screening procedures assessing a combination of sensors and also taking operator variability into account . just adding up resources and manpower used is not an effecti ←
→ natural language processing in biomedicine : a unified system architecture overview ; in modern electronic medical records ( emr ) much of the clinically important data - signs and symptoms , symptom severity , disease status , etc . - are not provided in structured data fields , but rather are encoded in clinician generated narrative text . natural language processing ( nlp ) provides a means of " unlocking " this important data source for applications in clinical decision support , quality assurance , and public healt ←
→ vizdoom : drqn with prioritized experience replay , double - q learning , & snapshot ensembling ; vizdoom is a robust , first - person shooter reinforcement learning environment , characterized by a significant degree of latent state information . in this paper , double - q learning and prioritized experience replay methods are tested under a certain vizdoom combat scenario using a competitive deep recurrent q - network ( drqn ) architecture . in addition , an ensembling technique known as snapshot ensembling is employed us ←
→ active model aggregation via stochastic mirror descent ; we consider the problem of learning convex aggregation of models , that is as good as the best convex aggregation , for the binary classification problem . working in the stream based active learning setting , where the active learner has to make a decision on - the - fly , if it wants to query for the label of the point currently seen in the stream , we propose a stochastic - mirror descent algorithm , called smd - ama , with entropy regularization . we establish an ←
→ deep visual attention prediction ; in this work , we aim to predict human eye fixation with view - free scenes based on an end - to - end deep learning architecture . although convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have made substantial improvement on human attention prediction , it is still needed to improve cnn based attention models by efficiently leveraging multi - scale features . our visual attention network is proposed to capture hierarchical saliency information from deep , coarse layers with global saliency infor ←
→ hierarchical video generation from orthogonal information : optical flow and texture ; learning to represent and generate videos from unlabeled data is a very challenging problem . to generate realistic videos , it is important not only to ensure that the appearance of each frame is real , but also to ensure the plausibility of a video motion and consistency of a video appearance in the time direction . the process of video generation should be divided according to these intrinsic difficulties . in this study , ←
→ generalized product of experts for automatic and principled fusion of gaussian process predictions ; in this work , we propose a generalized product of experts ( gpoe ) framework for combining the predictions of multiple probabilistic models . we identify four desirable properties that are important for scalability , expressiveness and robustness , when learning and inferring with a combination of multiple models . through analysis and experiments , we show that gpoe of gaussian processes ( gp ) have these qualitie ←
→ common knowledge in a logic of gossips ; gossip protocols aim at arriving , by means of point - to - point or group communications , at a situation in which all the agents know each other secrets . recently a number of authors studied distributed epistemic gossip protocols . these protocols use as guards formulas from a simple epistemic logic , which makes their analysis and verification substantially easier . we study here common knowledge in the context of such a logic . first , we analyze when it can be reduced to ←
→ on kernelization of supervised mahalanobis distance learners ; this paper focuses on the problem of kernelizing an existing supervised mahalanobis distance learner . the following features are included in the paper . firstly , three popular learners , namely , " neighborhood component analysis ", " large margin nearest neighbors " and " discriminant neighborhood embedding ", which do not have kernel versions are kernelized in order to improve their classification performances . secondly , an alternative kernelization fr ←
→ on self - regulated swarms , societal memory , speed and dynamics ; we propose a self - regulated swarm ( srs ) algorithm which hybridizes the advantageous characteristics of swarm intelligence as the emergence of a societal environmental memory or cognitive map via collective pheromone laying in the landscape ( properly balancing the exploration / exploitation nature of our dynamic search strategy ), with a simple evolutionary mechanism that trough a direct reproduction procedure linked to local environmental features ←
→ devon : deformable volume network for learning optical flow ; we propose a lightweight neural network model , deformable volume network ( devon ) for learning optical flow . devon benefits from a multi - stage framework to iteratively refine its prediction . each stage is by itself a neural network with an identical architecture . the optical flow between two stages is propagated with a newly proposed module , the deformable cost volume . the deformable cost volume does not distort the original images or their feature ←
→ estimating undirected graphs under weak assumptions ; we consider the problem of providing nonparametric confidence guarantees for undirected graphs under weak assumptions . in particular , we do not assume sparsity , incoherence or normality . we allow the dimension $ d $ to increase with the sample size $ n $. first , we prove lower bounds that show that if we want accurate inferences with low assumptions then there are limitations on the dimension as a function of sample size . when the dimension increases slowly ←
→ pose - normalized image generation for person re - identification ; person re - identification ( re - id ) faces two major challenges : the lack of cross - view paired training data and learning discriminative identity - sensitive and view - invariant features in the presence of large pose variations . in this work , we address both problems by proposing a novel deep person image generation model for synthesizing realistic person images conditional on pose . the model is based on a generative adversarial network ( gan ) and used ←
→ improving perceptual color difference using basic color terms ; we suggest a new color distance based on two observations . first , perceptual color differences were designed to be used to compare very similar colors . they do not capture human perception for medium and large color differences well . thresholding was proposed to solve the problem for large color differences , i . e . two totally different colors are always the same distance apart . we show that thresholding alone cannot improve medium color differen ←
→ discriminatively trained latent ordinal model for video classification ; we study the problem of video classification for facial analysis and human action recognition . we propose a novel weakly supervised learning method that models the video as a sequence of automatically mined , discriminative sub - events ( eg . onset and offset phase for " smile ", running and jumping for " highjump "). the proposed model is inspired by the recent works on multiple instance learning and latent svm / hcrf -- it extends such framewo ←
→ optimality of universal bayesian sequence prediction for general loss and alphabet ; various optimality properties of universal sequence predictors based on bayes - mixtures in general , and solomonoff ' s prediction scheme in particular , will be studied . the probability of observing $ x_t $ at time $ t $, given past observations $ x_1 ... x_ { t - 1 }$ can be computed with the chain rule if the true generating distribution $\ mu $ of the sequences $ x_1x_2x_3 ...$ is known . if $\ mu $ is unknown , but known to belong to a count ←
→ enhancing approximation abilities of neural networks by training derivatives ; method for increasing precision of feedforward networks is presented . with the aid of it they can serve as a better tool for describing smooth functions . namely , it is shown that when training uses derivatives of target function up to the fourth order , approximation can be nearly machine precise . it is demonstrated in a number of cases : 2d function approximation , training autoencoder to compress 3d spiral into 1d , and solving 2 ←
→ structural controllability and observability in influence diagrams ; influence diagram is a graphical representation of belief networks with uncertainty . this article studies the structural properties of a probabilistic model in an influence diagram . in particular , structural controllability theorems and structural observability theorems are developed and algorithms are formulated . controllability and observability are fundamental concepts in dynamic systems ( luenberger 1979 ). controllability corresponds to ←
→ subjective and objective quality assessment of image : a survey ; with the increasing demand for image - based applications , the efficient and reliable evaluation of image quality has increased in importance . measuring the image quality is of fundamental importance for numerous image processing applications , where the goal of image quality assessment ( iqa ) methods is to automatically evaluate the quality of images in agreement with human quality judgments . numerous iqa methods have been proposed over the past ←
→ exploring human - like attention supervision in visual question answering ; attention mechanisms have been widely applied in the visual question answering ( vqa ) task , as they help to focus on the area - of - interest of both visual and textual information . to answer the questions correctly , the model needs to selectively target different areas of an image , which suggests that an attention - based model may benefit from an explicit attention supervision . in this work , we aim to address the problem of adding attentio ←
→ multiple description convolutional neural networks for image compression ; multiple description coding ( mdc ) is able to stably transmit the signal in the un - reliable and non - prioritized networks , which has been broadly studied for several decades . however , the traditional mdc doesn ' t well leverage image ' s context features to generate multiple descriptions . in this paper , we propose a novel standard - compliant convolutional neural network - based mdc framework in term of image ' s context features . firstly , multi ←
→ dynet : the dynamic neural network toolkit ; we describe dynet , a toolkit for implementing neural network models based on dynamic declaration of network structure . in the static declaration strategy that is used in toolkits like theano , cntk , and tensorflow , the user first defines a computation graph ( a symbolic representation of the computation ), and then examples are fed into an engine that executes this computation and computes its derivatives . in dynet ' s dynamic declaration strategy , computation graph co ←
→ exploiting heavy tails in training times of multilayer perceptrons : a case study with the uci thyroid disease database ; the random initialization of weights of a multilayer perceptron makes it possible to model its training process as a las vegas algorithm , i . e . a randomized algorithm which stops when some required training error is obtained , and whose execution time is a random variable . this modeling is used to perform a case study on a well - known pattern recognition benchmark : the uci thyroid disease ←
→ deep captioning with multimodal recurrent neural networks ( m - rnn ) ; in this paper , we present a multimodal recurrent neural network ( m - rnn ) model for generating novel image captions . it directly models the probability distribution of generating a word given previous words and an image . image captions are generated by sampling from this distribution . the model consists of two sub - networks : a deep recurrent neural network for sentences and a deep convolutional network for images . these two sub - networks intera ←
→ linear tabulated resolution based on prolog control strategy ; infinite loops and redundant computations are long recognized open problems in prolog . two ways have been explored to resolve these problems : loop checking and tabling . loop checking can cut infinite loops , but it cannot be both sound and complete even for function - free logic programs . tabling seems to be an effective way to resolve infinite loops and redundant computations . however , existing tabulated resolutions , such as oldt - resolution , slg - ←
→ understanding ( dis ) similarity measures ; intuitively , the concept of similarity is the notion to measure an inexact matching between two entities of the same reference set . the notions of similarity and its close relative dissimilarity are widely used in many fields of artificial intelligence . yet they have many different and often partial definitions or properties , usually restricted to one field of application and thus incompatible with other uses . this paper contributes to the design and understanding of ←
→ non - negative matrix factorization via archetypal analysis ; given a collection of data points , non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) suggests to express them as convex combinations of a small set of ` archetypes ' with non - negative entries . this decomposition is unique only if the true archetypes are non - negative and sufficiently sparse ( or the weights are sufficiently sparse ), a regime that is captured by the separability condition and its generalizations . in this paper , we study an approach to nmf that ←
→ of starships and klingons : bayesian logic for the 23rd century ; intelligent systems in an open world must reason about many interacting entities related to each other in diverse ways and having uncertain features and relationships . traditional probabilistic languages lack the expressive power to handle relational domains . classical first - order logic is sufficiently expressive , but lacks a coherent plausible reasoning capability . recent years have seen the emergence of a variety of approaches to integrating ←
→ classification - based approximate policy iteration : experiments and extended discussions ; tackling large approximate dynamic programming or reinforcement learning problems requires methods that can exploit regularities , or intrinsic structure , of the problem in hand . most current methods are geared towards exploiting the regularities of either the value function or the policy . we introduce a general classification - based approximate policy iteration ( capi ) framework , which encompasses a large class of algo ←
→ cld - shaped brushstrokes in non - photorealistic rendering ; rendering techniques based on a random grid can be improved by adapting brushstrokes to the shape of different areas of the original picture . in this paper , the concept of coherence length diagram is applied to determine the adaptive brushstrokes , in order to simulate an impressionist painting . some examples are provided to instance the proposed algorithm .←
→ applying an ensemble learning method for improving multi - label classification performance ; in recent years , multi - label classification problem has become a controversial issue . in this kind of classification , each sample is associated with a set of class labels . ensemble approaches are supervised learning algorithms in which an operator takes a number of learning algorithms , namely base - level algorithms and combines their outcomes to make an estimation . the simplest form of ensemble learning is to train ←
→ perfect derived propagators ; when implementing a propagator for a constraint , one must decide about variants : when implementing min , should one also implement max ? should one implement linear equations both with and without coefficients ? constraint variants are ubiquitous : implementing them requires considerable ( if not prohibitive ) effort and decreases maintainability , but will deliver better performance . this paper shows how to use variable views , previously introduced for an implementation architectur ←
→ graphical lasso based model selection for time series ; we propose a novel graphical model selection ( gms ) scheme for high - dimensional stationary time series or discrete time process . the method is based on a natural generalization of the graphical lasso ( glasso ), introduced originally for gms based on i . i . d . samples , and estimates the conditional independence graph ( cig ) of a time series from a finite length observation . the glasso for time series is defined as the solution of an l1 - regularized maximum ( ap ←
→ maxout networks ; we consider the problem of designing models to leverage a recently introduced approximate model averaging technique called dropout . we define a simple new model called maxout ( so named because its output is the max of a set of inputs , and because it is a natural companion to dropout ) designed to both facilitate optimization by dropout and improve the accuracy of dropout ' s fast approximate model averaging technique . we empirically verify that the model successfully accomplishes both of thes ←
→ document summarization using positive pointwise mutual information ; the degree of success in document summarization processes depends on the performance of the method used in identifying significant sentences in the documents . the collection of unique words characterizes the major signature of the document , and forms the basis for term - sentence - matrix ( tsm ). the positive pointwise mutual information , which works well for measuring semantic similarity in the term - sentence - matrix , is used in our method to as ←
→ eigen evolution pooling for human action recognition ; we introduce eigen evolution pooling , an efficient method to aggregate a sequence of feature vectors . eigen evolution pooling is designed to produce compact feature representations for a sequence of feature vectors , while maximally preserving as much information about the sequence as possible , especially the temporal evolution of the features over time . eigen evolution pooling is a general pooling method that can be applied to any sequence of feature ve ←
→ geonet : unsupervised learning of dense depth , optical flow and camera pose ; we propose geonet , a jointly unsupervised learning framework for monocular depth , optical flow and ego - motion estimation from videos . the three components are coupled by the nature of 3d scene geometry , jointly learned by our framework in an end - to - end manner . specifically , geometric relationships are extracted over the predictions of individual modules and then combined as an image reconstruction loss , reasoning about static and ←
→ towards collaborative conceptual exploration ; in domains with high knowledge distribution a natural objective is to create principle foundations for collaborative interactive learning environments . we present a first mathematical characterization of a collaborative learning group , a consortium , based on closure systems of attribute sets and the well - known attribute exploration algorithm from formal concept analysis . to this end , we introduce ( weak ) local experts for subdomains of a given knowledge domain . ←
→ multiplicative algorithm for orthgonal groups and independent component analysis ; the multiplicative newton - like method developed by the author et al . is extended to the situation where the dynamics is restricted to the orthogonal group . a general framework is constructed without specifying the cost function . though the restriction to the orthogonal groups makes the problem somewhat complicated , an explicit expression for the amount of individual jumps is obtained . this algorithm is exactly second - order -←
→ hiding image in image by five modulus method for image steganography ; this paper is to create a practical steganographic implementation to hide color image ( stego ) inside another color image ( cover ). the proposed technique uses five modulus method to convert the whole pixels within both the cover and the stego images into multiples of five . since each pixels inside the stego image is divisible by five then the whole stego image could be divided by five to get new range of pixels 0 .. 51 . basically , the remin ←
→ linear learning with sparse data ; linear predictors are especially useful when the data is high - dimensional and sparse . one of the standard techniques used to train a linear predictor is the averaged stochastic gradient descent ( asgd ) algorithm . we present an efficient implementation of asgd that avoids dense vector operations . we also describe a translation invariant extension called centered averaged stochastic gradient descent ( casgd ).←
→ using crowdsourcing system for creating site - specific statistical machine translation engine ; a crowdsourcing translation approach is an effective tool for globalization of site content , but it is also an important source of parallel linguistic data . for the given site , processed with a crowdsourcing system , a sentence - aligned corpus can be fetched , which covers a very narrow domain of terminology and language patterns - a site - specific domain . these data can be used for training and estimation of site - s ←
→ the emergent algebraic structure of rnns and embeddings in nlp ; we examine the algebraic and geometric properties of a uni - directional gru and word embeddings trained end - to - end on a text classification task . a hyperparameter search over word embedding dimension , gru hidden dimension , and a linear combination of the gru outputs is performed . we conclude that words naturally embed themselves in a lie group and that rnns form a nonlinear representation of the group . appealing to these results , we propose a n ←
→ variance networks : when expectation does not meet your expectations ; in this paper , we propose variance networks , a new model that stores the learned information in the variances of the network weights . surprisingly , no information gets stored in the expectations of the weights , therefore if we replace these weights with their expectations , we would obtain a random guess quality prediction . we provide a numerical criterion that uses the loss curvature to determine which random variables can be replaced wit ←
→ denoising autoencoder with modulated lateral connections learns invariant representations of natural images ; suitable lateral connections between encoder and decoder are shown to allow higher layers of a denoising autoencoder ( dae ) to focus on invariant representations . in regular autoencoders , detailed information needs to be carried through the highest layers but lateral connections from encoder to decoder relieve this pressure . it is shown that abstract invariant features can be translated to detailed ←
→ deep residual learning for compressed sensing ct reconstruction via persistent homology analysis ; recently , compressed sensing ( cs ) computed tomography ( ct ) using sparse projection views has been extensively investigated to reduce the potential risk of radiation to patient . however , due to the insufficient number of projection views , an analytic reconstruction approach results in severe streaking artifacts and cs - based iterative approach is computationally very expensive . to address this issue , here we p ←
→ belief in belief functions : an examination of shafer ' s canonical examples ; in the canonical examples underlying shafer - dempster theory , beliefs over the hypotheses of interest are derived from a probability model for a set of auxiliary hypotheses . beliefs are derived via a compatibility relation connecting the auxiliary hypotheses to subsets of the primary hypotheses . a belief function differs from a bayesian probability model in that one does not condition on those parts of the evidence for which no pro ←
→ a neural network approach to context - sensitive generation of conversational responses ; we present a novel response generation system that can be trained end to end on large quantities of unstructured twitter conversations . a neural network architecture is used to address sparsity issues that arise when integrating contextual information into classic statistical models , allowing the system to take into account previous dialog utterances . our dynamic - context generative models show consistent gains over bot ←
→ improving the quality of gujarati - hindi machine translation through part - of - speech tagging and stemmer - assisted transliteration ; machine translation for indian languages is an emerging research area . transliteration is one such module that we design while designing a translation system . transliteration means mapping of source language text into the target language . simple mapping decreases the efficiency of overall translation system . we propose the use of stemming and part - of - speech tagging for translit ←
→ a minimal developmental model can increase evolvability in soft robots ; different subsystems of organisms adapt over many time scales , such as rapid changes in the nervous system ( learning ), slower morphological and neurological change over the lifetime of the organism ( postnatal development ), and change over many generations ( evolution ). much work has focused on instantiating learning or evolution in robots , but relatively little on development . although many theories have been forwarded as to how develop ←
→ fuzzy inference systems optimization ; this paper compares various optimization methods for fuzzy inference system optimization . the optimization methods compared are genetic algorithm , particle swarm optimization and simulated annealing . when these techniques were implemented it was observed that the performance of each technique within the fuzzy inference system classification was context dependent .←
→ ray : a distributed framework for emerging ai applications ; the next generation of ai applications will continuously interact with the environment and learn from these interactions . these applications impose new and demanding systems requirements , both in terms of performance and flexibility . in this paper , we consider these requirements and present ray --- a distributed system to address them . ray implements a dynamic task graph computation model that supports both the task - parallel and the actor programming ←
→ online coordinate boosting ; we present a new online boosting algorithm for adapting the weights of a boosted classifier , which yields a closer approximation to freund and schapire ' s adaboost algorithm than previous online boosting algorithms . we also contribute a new way of deriving the online algorithm that ties together previous online boosting work . we assume that the weak hypotheses were selected beforehand , and only their weights are updated during online boosting . the update rule is derived by minimi ←
→ a complex network approach to stylometry ; statistical methods have been widely employed to study the fundamental properties of language . in recent years , methods from complex and dynamical systems proved useful to create several language models . despite the large amount of studies devoted to represent texts with physical models , only a limited number of studies have shown how the properties of the underlying physical systems can be employed to improve the performance of natural language processing tasks . i ←
→ sparse online learning via truncated gradient ; we propose a general method called truncated gradient to induce sparsity in the weights of online learning algorithms with convex loss functions . this method has several essential properties : the degree of sparsity is continuous -- a parameter controls the rate of sparsification from no sparsification to total sparsification . the approach is theoretically motivated , and an instance of it can be regarded as an online counterpart of the popular $ l_1 $- regularizat ←
→ new ideas for brain modelling 4 ; this paper continues the research that considers a new cognitive model based strongly on the human brain . in particular , it considers the neural binding structure of an earlier paper . it also describes some new methods in the areas of image processing and behaviour simulation . the work is all based on earlier research by the author and the new additions are intended to fit in with the overall design . for image processing , a grid - like structure is used with ' full linking '. e ←
→ semantic 3d occupancy mapping through efficient high order crfs ; semantic 3d mapping can be used for many applications such as robot navigation and virtual interaction . in recent years , there has been great progress in semantic segmentation and geometric 3d mapping . however , it is still challenging to combine these two tasks for accurate and large - scale semantic mapping from images . in the paper , we propose an incremental and ( near ) real - time semantic mapping system . a 3d scrolling occupancy grid map is bu ←
→ bayesdb : a probabilistic programming system for querying the probable implications of data ; is it possible to make statistical inference broadly accessible to non - statisticians without sacrificing mathematical rigor or inference quality ? this paper describes bayesdb , a probabilistic programming platform that aims to enable users to query the probable implications of their data as directly as sql databases enable them to query the data itself . this paper focuses on four aspects of bayesdb : ( i ) bql , an sql ←
→ all you need is a good init ; layer - sequential unit - variance ( lsuv ) initialization - a simple method for weight initialization for deep net learning - is proposed . the method consists of the two steps . first , pre - initialize weights of each convolution or inner - product layer with orthonormal matrices . second , proceed from the first to the final layer , normalizing the variance of the output of each layer to be equal to one . experiment with different activation functions ( maxout , relu - family , tanh ) show that ←
→ slow and stale gradients can win the race : error - runtime trade - offs in distributed sgd ; distributed stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) when run in a synchronous manner , suffers from delays in waiting for the slowest learners ( stragglers ). asynchronous methods can alleviate stragglers , but cause gradient staleness that can adversely affect convergence . in this work we present the first theoretical characterization of the speed - up offered by asynchronous methods by analyzing the trade - off between the error ←
→ action recognition by learning pose representations ; pose detection is one of the fundamental steps for the recognition of human actions . in this paper we propose a novel trainable detector for recognizing human poses based on the analysis of the skeleton . the main idea is that a skeleton pose can be described by the spatial arrangements of its joints . starting from this consideration , we propose a trainable pose detector , that can be configured on a prototype skeleton in an automatic configuration process ←
→ finding important genes from high - dimensional data : an appraisal of statistical tests and machine - learning approaches ; over the past decades , statisticians and machine - learning researchers have developed literally thousands of new tools for the reduction of high - dimensional data in order to identify the variables most responsible for a particular trait . these tools have applications in a plethora of settings , including data analysis in the fields of business , education , forensics , and biology ( such as mi ←
→ a deep network with visual text composition behavior ; while natural languages are compositional , how state - of - the - art neural models achieve compositionality is still unclear . we propose a deep network , which not only achieves competitive accuracy for text classification , but also exhibits compositional behavior . that is , while creating hierarchical representations of a piece of text , such as a sentence , the lower layers of the network distribute their layer - specific attention weights to individual words . i ←
→ dynamic domain classification for fractal image compression ; fractal image compression is attractive except for its high encoding time requirements . the image is encoded as a set of contractive affine transformations . the image is partitioned into non - overlapping range blocks , and a best matching domain block larger than the range block is identified . there are many attempts on improving the encoding time by reducing the size of search pool for range - domain matching . but these methods are attempting to pre ←
→ mining measured information from text ; we present an approach to extract measured information from text ( e . g ., a 1370 degrees c melting point , a bmi greater than 29 . 9 kg / m ^ 2 ). such extractions are critically important across a wide range of domains - especially those involving search and exploration of scientific and technical documents . we first propose a rule - based entity extractor to mine measured quantities ( i . e ., a numeric value paired with a measurement unit ), which supports a vast and comprehensive ←
→ photographic home styles in congress : a computer vision approach ; while members of congress now routinely communicate with constituents using images on a variety of internet platforms , little is known about how images are used as a means of strategic political communication . this is due primarily to computational limitations which have prevented large - scale , systematic analyses of image features . new developments in computer vision , however , are bringing the systematic study of images within reach . here , w ←
→ locality and low - dimensions in the prediction of natural experience from fmri ; functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) provides dynamical access into the complex functioning of the human brain , detailing the hemodynamic activity of thousands of voxels during hundreds of sequential time points . one approach towards illuminating the connection between fmri and cognitive function is through decoding ; how do the time series of voxel activities combine to provide information about internal and external e ←
→ a novel approach for data - driven automatic site recommendation and selection ; this paper presents a novel , generic , and automatic method for data - driven site selection . site selection is one of the most crucial and important decisions made by any company . such a decision depends on various factors of sites , including socio - economic , geographical , ecological , as well as specific requirements of companies . the existing approaches for site selection ( commonly used by economists ) are manual , subjective , and ←
→ summary - terpret : a probabilistic programming language for program induction ; we study machine learning formulations of inductive program synthesis ; that is , given input - output examples , synthesize source code that maps inputs to corresponding outputs . our key contribution is terpret , a domain - specific language for expressing program synthesis problems . a terpret model is composed of a specification of a program representation and an interpreter that describes how programs map inputs to outputs . the inf ←
→ dempster - shafer belief function - a new interpretation ; we develop our interpretation of the joint belief distribution and of evidential updating that matches the following basic requirements : * there must exist an efficient method for reasoning within this framework * there must exist a clear correspondence between the contents of the knowledge base and the real world * there must be a clear correspondence between the reasoning method and some real world process * there must exist a clear correspo ←
→: telephone :: person :: sailboat :: whale :: okhand :; or " call me ishmael " - how do you translate emoji ? ; we report on an exploratory analysis of emoji dick , a project that leverages crowdsourcing to translate melville ' s moby dick into emoji . this distinctive use of emoji removes textual context , and leads to a varying translation quality . in this paper , we use statistical word alignment and part - of - speech tagging to explore how people use emoji . despite these simple methods , we observed differences in token and ←
→ adding noise to the input of a model trained with a regularized objective ; regularization is a well studied problem in the context of neural networks . it is usually used to improve the generalization performance when the number of input samples is relatively small or heavily contaminated with noise . the regularization of a parametric model can be achieved in different manners some of which are early stopping ( morgan and bourlard , 1990 ), weight decay , output smoothing that are used to avoid overfitting du ←
→ midrank : learning to rank based on subsequences ; we present a supervised learning to rank algorithm that effectively orders images by exploiting the structure in image sequences . most often in the supervised learning to rank literature , ranking is approached either by analyzing pairs of images or by optimizing a list - wise surrogate loss function on full sequences . in this work we propose midrank , which learns from moderately sized sub - sequences instead . these sub - sequences contain useful structural ranking ←
→ fast predictive simple geodesic regression ; deformable image registration and regression are important tasks in medical image analysis . however , they are computationally expensive , especially when analyzing large - scale datasets that contain thousands of images . hence , cluster computing is typically used , making the approaches dependent on such computational infrastructure . even larger computational resources are required as study sizes increase . this limits the use of deformable image registration and regr ←
→ stochastic proximal gradient descent for nuclear norm regularization ; in this paper , we utilize stochastic optimization to reduce the space complexity of convex composite optimization with a nuclear norm regularizer , where the variable is a matrix of size $ m \ times n $. by constructing a low - rank estimate of the gradient , we propose an iterative algorithm based on stochastic proximal gradient descent ( spgd ), and take the last iterate of spgd as the final solution . the main advantage of the proposed algorith ←
→ max - entropy feed - forward clustering neural network ; the outputs of non - linear feed - forward neural network are positive , which could be treated as probability when they are normalized to one . if we take entropy - based principle into consideration , the outputs for each sample could be represented as the distribution of this sample for different clusters . entropy - based principle is the principle with which we could estimate the unknown distribution under some limited conditions . as this paper defines two proce ←
→ probabilistic archetypal analysis ; archetypal analysis represents a set of observations as convex combinations of pure patterns , or archetypes . the original geometric formulation of finding archetypes by approximating the convex hull of the observations assumes them to be real valued . this , unfortunately , is not compatible with many practical situations . in this paper we revisit archetypal analysis from the basic principles , and propose a probabilistic framework that accommodates other observation types su ←
→ training big random forests with little resources ; without access to large compute clusters , building random forests on large datasets is still a challenging problem . this is , in particular , the case if fully - grown trees are desired . we propose a simple yet effective framework that allows to efficiently construct ensembles of huge trees for hundreds of millions or even billions of training instances using a cheap desktop computer with commodity hardware . the basic idea is to consider a multi - level construc ←
→ diagnosis of multiple faults : a sensitivity analysis ; we compare the diagnostic accuracy of three diagnostic inference models : the simple bayes model , the multimembership bayes model , which is isomorphic to the parallel combination function in the certainty - factor model , and a model that incorporates the noisy or - gate interaction . the comparison is done on 20 clinicopathological conference ( cpc ) cases from the american journal of medicine - challenging cases describing actual patients often with multiple dis ←
→ arabic keyphrase extraction using linguistic knowledge and machine learning techniques ; in this paper , a supervised learning technique for extracting keyphrases of arabic documents is presented . the extractor is supplied with linguistic knowledge to enhance its efficiency instead of relying only on statistical information such as term frequency and distance . during analysis , an annotated arabic corpus is used to extract the required lexical features of the document words . the knowledge also includes synt ←
→ idealized dynamic population sizing for uniformly scaled problems ; this paper explores an idealized dynamic population sizing strategy for solving additive decomposable problems of uniform scale . the method is designed on top of the foundations of existing population sizing theory for this class of problems , and is carefully compared with an optimal fixed population sized genetic algorithm . the resulting strategy should be close to a lower bound in terms of what can be achieved , performance - wise , by self - a ←
→ paraiso : an automated tuning framework for explicit solvers of partial differential equations ; we propose paraiso , a domain specific language embedded in functional programming language haskell , for automated tuning of explicit solvers of partial differential equations ( pdes ) on gpus as well as multicore cpus . in paraiso , one can describe pde solving algorithms succinctly using tensor equations notation . hydrodynamic properties , interpolation methods and other building blocks are described in abstract , ←
→ computing functions of random variables via reproducing kernel hilbert space representations ; we describe a method to perform functional operations on probability distributions of random variables . the method uses reproducing kernel hilbert space representations of probability distributions , and it is applicable to all operations which can be applied to points drawn from the respective distributions . we refer to our approach as {\ em kernel probabilistic programming }. we illustrate it on synthetic data , a ←
→ on the schoenberg transformations in data analysis : theory and illustrations ; the class of schoenberg transformations , embedding euclidean distances into higher dimensional euclidean spaces , is presented , and derived from theorems on positive definite and conditionally negative definite matrices . original results on the arc lengths , angles and curvature of the transformations are proposed , and visualized on artificial data sets by classical multidimensional scaling . a simple distance - based discriminant a ←
→ a large scale corpus of gulf arabic ; most arabic natural language processing tools and resources are developed to serve modern standard arabic ( msa ), which is the official written language in the arab world . some dialectal arabic varieties , notably egyptian arabic , have received some attention lately and have a growing collection of resources that include annotated corpora and morphological analyzers and taggers . gulf arabic , however , lags behind in that respect . in this paper , we present the gumar corpus ,←
→ modeling relationships in referential expressions with compositional modular networks ; people often refer to entities in an image in terms of their relationships with other entities . for example , " the black cat sitting under the table " refers to both a " black cat " entity and its relationship with another " table " entity . understanding these relationships is essential for interpreting and grounding such natural language expressions . most prior work focuses on either grounding entire referential expressions ←
→ on the generalization ability of online learning algorithms for pairwise loss functions ; in this paper , we study the generalization properties of online learning based stochastic methods for supervised learning problems where the loss function is dependent on more than one training sample ( e . g ., metric learning , ranking ). we present a generic decoupling technique that enables us to provide rademacher complexity - based generalization error bounds . our bounds are in general tighter than those obtained by wa ←
→ evolutionary artificial neural network based on chemical reaction optimization ; evolutionary algorithms ( eas ) are very popular tools to design and evolve artificial neural networks ( anns ), especially to train them . these methods have advantages over the conventional backpropagation ( bp ) method because of their low computational requirement when searching in a large solution space . in this paper , we employ chemical reaction optimization ( cro ), a newly developed global optimization method , to replace bp in ←
→ cascade context encoder for improved inpainting ; in this paper , we analyze if cascade usage of the context encoder with increasing input can improve the results of the inpainting . for this purpose , we train context encoder for 64x64 pixels images in a standard way and use its resized output to fill in the missing input region of the 128x128 context encoder , both in training and evaluation phase . as the result , the inpainting is visibly more plausible . in order to thoroughly verify the results , we introduce ←
→ abnormality detection in mammography using deep convolutional neural networks ; breast cancer is the most common cancer in women worldwide . the most common screening technology is mammography . to reduce the cost and workload of radiologists , we propose a computer aided detection approach for classifying and localizing calcifications and masses in mammogram images . to improve on conventional approaches , we apply deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) for automatic feature learning and classifier building ←
→ error - correcting factorization ; error correcting output codes ( ecoc ) is a successful technique in multi - class classification , which is a core problem in pattern recognition and machine learning . a major advantage of ecoc over other methods is that the multi - class problem is decoupled into a set of binary problems that are solved independently . however , literature defines a general error - correcting capability for ecocs without analyzing how it distributes among classes , hindering a deeper analysis of pair -←
→ discrete variational autoencoders ; probabilistic models with discrete latent variables naturally capture datasets composed of discrete classes . however , they are difficult to train efficiently , since backpropagation through discrete variables is generally not possible . we present a novel method to train a class of probabilistic models with discrete latent variables using the variational autoencoder framework , including backpropagation through the discrete latent variables . the associated class of probabili ←
→ comparative study on supervised learning methods for identifying phytoplankton species ; phytoplankton plays an important role in marine ecosystem . it is defined as a biological factor to assess marine quality . the identification of phytoplankton species has a high potential for monitoring environmental , climate changes and for evaluating water quality . however , phytoplankton species identification is not an easy task owing to their variability and ambiguity due to thousands of micro and pico - plankton spe ←
→ learning class - level bayes nets for relational data ; many databases store data in relational format , with different types of entities and information about links between the entities . the field of statistical - relational learning ( srl ) has developed a number of new statistical models for such data . in this paper we focus on learning class - level or first - order dependencies , which model the general database statistics over attributes of linked objects and links ( e . g ., the percentage of a grades given in compu ←
→ neural system identification for large populations separating " what " and " where " ; neuroscientists classify neurons into different types that perform similar computations at different locations in the visual field . traditional methods for neural system identification do not capitalize on this separation of ' what ' and ' where '. learning deep convolutional feature spaces that are shared among many neurons provides an exciting path forward , but the architectural design needs to account for data limitations : w ←
→ learning multi - relational semantics using neural - embedding models ; in this paper we present a unified framework for modeling multi - relational representations , scoring , and learning , and conduct an empirical study of several recent multi - relational embedding models under the framework . we investigate the different choices of relation operators based on linear and bilinear transformations , and also the effects of entity representations by incorporating unsupervised vectors pre - trained on extra textual resour ←
→ wavelet feature extraction and genetic algorithm for biomarker detection in colorectal cancer data ; biomarkers which predict patient ' s survival can play an important role in medical diagnosis and treatment . how to select the significant biomarkers from hundreds of protein markers is a key step in survival analysis . in this paper a novel method is proposed to detect the prognostic biomarkers of survival in colorectal cancer patients using wavelet analysis , genetic algorithm , and bayes classifier . one dime ←
→ mandolin : a knowledge discovery framework for the web of data ; markov logic networks join probabilistic modeling with first - order logic and have been shown to integrate well with the semantic web foundations . while several approaches have been devised to tackle the subproblems of rule mining , grounding , and inference , no comprehensive workflow has been proposed so far . in this paper , we fill this gap by introducing a framework called mandolin , which implements a workflow for knowledge discovery specificall ←
→ learning body - affordances to simplify action spaces ; controlling embodied agents with many actuated degrees of freedom is a challenging task . we propose a method that can discover and interpolate between context dependent high - level actions or body - affordances . these provide an abstract , low - dimensional interface indexing high - dimensional and time - extended action policies . our method is related to recent ap - proaches in the machine learning literature but is conceptually simpler and easier to implement . m ←
→ gaussian process regression with heteroscedastic or non - gaussian residuals ; gaussian process ( gp ) regression models typically assume that residuals are gaussian and have the same variance for all observations . however , applications with input - dependent noise ( heteroscedastic residuals ) frequently arise in practice , as do applications in which the residuals do not have a gaussian distribution . in this paper , we propose a gp regression model with a latent variable that serves as an additional unobserved co ←
→ learning audio and image representations with bio - inspired trainable feature extractors ; recent advancements in pattern recognition and signal processing concern the automatic learning of data representations from labeled training samples . typical approaches are based on deep learning and convolutional neural networks , which require large amount of labeled training samples . in this work , we propose novel feature extractors that can be used to learn the representation of single prototype samples in an aut ←
→ utilizing semantic visual landmarks for precise vehicle navigation ; this paper presents a new approach for integrating semantic information for vision - based vehicle navigation . although vision - based vehicle navigation systems using pre - mapped visual landmarks are capable of achieving submeter level accuracy in large - scale urban environment , a typical error source in this type of systems comes from the presence of visual landmarks or features from temporal objects in the environment , such as cars and pedest ←
→ contextually customized video summaries via natural language ; the best summary of a long video differs among different people due to its highly subjective nature . even for the same person , the best summary may change with time or mood . in this paper , we introduce the task of generating customized video summaries through simple text . first , we train a deep architecture to effectively learn semantic embeddings of video frames by leveraging the abundance of image - caption data via a progressive and residual ma ←
→ mixing energy models in genetic algorithms for on - lattice protein structure prediction ; protein structure prediction ( psp ) is computationally a very challenging problem . the challenge largely comes from the fact that the energy function that needs to be minimised in order to obtain the native structure of a given protein is not clearly known . a high resolution 20x20 energy model could better capture the behaviour of the actual energy function than a low resolution energy model such as hydrophobic polar . ←
→ low - rank rnn adaptation for context - aware language modeling ; a context - aware language model uses location , user and / or domain metadata ( context ) to adapt its predictions . in neural language models , context information is typically represented as an embedding and it is given to the rnn as an additional input , which has been shown to be useful in many applications . we introduce a more powerful mechanism for using context to adapt an rnn by letting the context vector control a low - rank transformation of the r ←
→ a novel experimental platform for in - vessel multi - chemical molecular communications ; this work presents a new multi - chemical experimental platform for molecular communication where the transmitter can release different chemicals . this platform is designed to be inexpensive and accessible , and it can be expanded to simulate different environments including the cardiovascular system and complex network of pipes in industrial complexes and city infrastructures . to demonstrate the capabilities of the platfor ←
→ attribute cnns for word spotting in handwritten documents ; word spotting has become a field of strong research interest in document image analysis over the last years . recently , attributesvms were proposed which predict a binary attribute representation . at their time , this influential method defined the state - of - the - art in segmentation - based word spotting . in this work , we present an approach for learning attribute representations with convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). by taking a probabilistic perspe ←
→ constraint - based sequence mining using constraint programming ; the goal of constraint - based sequence mining is to find sequences of symbols that are included in a large number of input sequences and that satisfy some constraints specified by the user . many constraints have been proposed in the literature , but a general framework is still missing . we investigate the use of constraint programming as general framework for this task . we first identify four categories of constraints that are applicable to seque ←
→ fashion landmark detection in the wild ; visual fashion analysis has attracted many attentions in the recent years . previous work represented clothing regions by either bounding boxes or human joints . this work presents fashion landmark detection or fashion alignment , which is to predict the positions of functional key points defined on the fashion items , such as the corners of neckline , hemline , and cuff . to encourage future studies , we introduce a fashion landmark dataset with over 120k images , where each ←
→ a fofe - based local detection approach for named entity recognition and mention detection ; in this paper , we study a novel approach for named entity recognition ( ner ) and mention detection in natural language processing . instead of treating ner as a sequence labelling problem , we propose a new local detection approach , which rely on the recent fixed - size ordinally forgetting encoding ( fofe ) method to fully encode each sentence fragment and its left / right contexts into a fixed - size representation . afterwar ←
→ iht dies hard : provable accelerated iterative hard thresholding ; we study -- both in theory and practice -- the use of momentum motions in classic iterative hard thresholding ( iht ) methods . by simply modifying plain iht , we investigate its convergence behavior on convex optimization criteria with non - convex constraints , under standard assumptions . in diverse scenaria , we observe that acceleration in iht leads to significant improvements , compared to state of the art projected gradient descent and frank - wolfe ←
→ selqa : a new benchmark for selection - based question answering ; this paper presents a new selection - based question answering dataset , selqa . the dataset consists of questions generated through crowdsourcing and sentence length answers that are drawn from the ten most prevalent topics in the english wikipedia . we introduce a corpus annotation scheme that enhances the generation of large , diverse , and challenging datasets by explicitly aiming to reduce word co - occurrences between the question and answers . our ←
→ dynamic stochastic approximation for multi - stage stochastic optimization ; in this paper , we consider multi - stage stochastic optimization problems with convex objectives and conic constraints at each stage . we present a new stochastic first - order method , namely the dynamic stochastic approximation ( dsa ) algorithm , for solving these types of stochastic optimization problems . we show that dsa can achieve an optimal ${\ cal o }( 1 /\ epsilon ^ 4 )$ rate of convergence in terms of the total number of required scenarios ←
→ interplay : dispersed activation in neural networks ; this paper presents a multi - point stimulation of a hebbian neural network with investigation of the interplay between the stimulus waves through the neurons of the network . equilibrium of the resulting memory is achieved for recall of specific memory data at a rate faster than single point stimulus . the interplay of the intersecting stimuli appears to parallel the clarification process of recall in biological systems .←
→ sch - gan : semi - supervised cross - modal hashing by generative adversarial network ; cross - modal hashing aims to map heterogeneous multimedia data into a common hamming space , which can realize fast and flexible retrieval across different modalities . supervised cross - modal hashing methods have achieved considerable progress by incorporating semantic side information . however , they mainly have two limitations : ( 1 ) heavily rely on large - scale labeled cross - modal training data which are labor intensive and hard ←
→ digital watermarking for deep neural networks ; although deep neural networks have made tremendous progress in the area of multimedia representation , training neural models requires a large amount of data and time . it is well - known that utilizing trained models as initial weights often achieves lower training error than neural networks that are not pre - trained . a fine - tuning step helps to reduce both the computational cost and improve performance . therefore , sharing trained models has been very important fo ←
→' say em ' for selecting probabilistic models for logical sequences ; many real world sequences such as protein secondary structures or shell logs exhibit a rich internal structures . traditional probabilistic models of sequences , however , consider sequences of flat symbols only . logical hidden markov models have been proposed as one solution . they deal with logical sequences , i . e ., sequences over an alphabet of logical atoms . this comes at the expense of a more complex model selection problem . indeed , differe ←
→ multi - task neural networks for qsar predictions ; although artificial neural networks have occasionally been used for quantitative structure - activity / property relationship ( qsar / qspr ) studies in the past , the literature has of late been dominated by other machine learning techniques such as random forests . however , a variety of new neural net techniques along with successful applications in other domains have renewed interest in network approaches . in this work , inspired by the winning team ' s use of neural ←
→ a distance function for comparing straight - edge geometric figures ; this paper defines a distance function that measures the dissimilarity between planar geometric figures formed with straight lines . this function can in turn be used in partial matching of different geometric figures . for a given pair of geometric figures that are graphically isomorphic , one function measures the angular dissimilarity and another function measures the edge length disproportionality . the distance function is then defined as ←
→ one - to - many network for visually pleasing compression artifacts reduction ; we consider the compression artifacts reduction problem , where a compressed image is transformed into an artifact - free image . recent approaches for this problem typically train a one - to - one mapping using a per - pixel $ l_2 $ loss between the outputs and the ground - truths . we point out that these approaches used to produce overly smooth results , and psnr doesn ' t reflect their real performance . in this paper , we propose a one - to - many n ←
→ image denoising via cnns : an adversarial approach ; is it possible to recover an image from its noisy version using convolutional neural networks ? this is an interesting problem as convolutional layers are generally used as feature detectors for tasks like classification , segmentation and object detection . we present a new cnn architecture for blind image denoising which synergically combines three architecture components , a multi - scale feature extraction layer which helps in reducing the effect of noise on ←
→ variational inference with hamiltonian monte carlo ; variational inference lies at the core of many state - of - the - art algorithms . to improve the approximation of the posterior beyond parametric families , it was proposed to include mcmc steps into the variational lower bound . in this work we explore this idea using steps of the hamiltonian monte carlo ( hmc ) algorithm , an efficient mcmc method . in particular , we incorporate the acceptance step of the hmc algorithm , guaranteeing asymptotic convergence to the tr ←
→ self - configuration from a machine - learning perspective ; the goal of machine learning is to provide solutions which are trained by data or by experience coming from the environment . many training algorithms exist and some brilliant successes were achieved . but even in structured environments for machine learning ( e . g . data mining or board games ), most applications beyond the level of toy problems need careful hand - tuning or human ingenuity ( i . e . detection of interesting patterns ) or both . we discuss several ←
→ an exploration of neural sequence - to - sequence architectures for automatic post - editing ; in this work , we explore multiple neural architectures adapted for the task of automatic post - editing of machine translation output . we focus on neural end - to - end models that combine both inputs $ mt $ ( raw mt output ) and $ src $ ( source language input ) in a single neural architecture , modeling $\{ mt , src \} \ rightarrow pe $ directly . apart from that , we investigate the influence of hard - attention models which seem to be we ←
→ places205 - vggnet models for scene recognition ; vggnets have turned out to be effective for object recognition in still images . however , it is unable to yield good performance by directly adapting the vggnet models trained on the imagenet dataset for scene recognition . this report describes our implementation of training the vggnets on the large - scale places205 dataset . specifically , we train three vggnet models , namely vggnet - 11 , vggnet - 13 , and vggnet - 16 , by using a multi - gpu extension of caffe toolbox wit ←
→ semantic vector spaces for broadening consideration of consequences ; reasoning systems with too simple a model of the world and human intent are unable to consider potential negative side effects of their actions and modify their plans to avoid them ( e . g ., avoiding potential errors ). however , hand - encoding the enormous and subtle body of facts that constitutes common sense into a knowledge base has proved too difficult despite decades of work . distributed semantic vector spaces learned from large text corp ←
→ regularized evolution for image classifier architecture search ; the effort devoted to hand - crafting image classifiers has motivated the use of architecture search to discover them automatically . reinforcement learning and evolution have both shown promise for this purpose . this study employs a regularized version of a popular asynchronous evolutionary algorithm . we rigorously compare it to the non - regularized form and to a highly - successful reinforcement learning baseline . using the same hardware , compute ←
→ scalable lévy process priors for spectral kernel learning ; gaussian processes are rich distributions over functions , with generalization properties determined by a kernel function . when used for long - range extrapolation , predictions are particularly sensitive to the choice of kernel parameters . it is therefore critical to account for kernel uncertainty in our predictive distributions . we propose a distribution over kernels formed by modelling a spectral mixture density with a l \' evy process . the resulting ←
→ neural network - based graph embedding for cross - platform binary code similarity detection ; the problem of cross - platform binary code similarity detection aims at detecting whether two binary functions coming from different platforms are similar or not . it has many security applications , including plagiarism detection , malware detection , vulnerability search , etc . existing approaches rely on approximate graph matching algorithms , which are inevitably slow and sometimes inaccurate , and hard to adapt to a ne ←
→ automating access control logics in simple type theory with leo - ii ; garg and abadi recently proved that prominent access control logics can be translated in a sound and complete way into modal logic s4 . we have previously outlined how normal multimodal logics , including monomodal logics k and s4 , can be embedded in simple type theory ( which is also known as higher - order logic ) and we have demonstrated that the higher - order theorem prover leo - ii can automate reasoning in and about them . in this paper we com ←
→ sparse online low - rank projection and outlier rejection ( solo ) for 3 - d rigid - body motion registration ; motivated by an emerging theory of robust low - rank matrix representation , in this paper , we introduce a novel solution for online rigid - body motion registration . the goal is to develop algorithmic techniques that enable a robust , real - time motion registration solution suitable for low - cost , portable 3 - d camera devices . assuming 3 - d image features are tracked via a standard tracker , the algorithm first u ←
→ deep neural networks are robust to weight binarization and other non - linear distortions ; recent results show that deep neural networks achieve excellent performance even when , during training , weights are quantized and projected to a binary representation . here , we show that this is just the tip of the iceberg : these same networks , during testing , also exhibit a remarkable robustness to distortions beyond quantization , including additive and multiplicative noise , and a class of non - linear projections whe ←
→ generative modeling of convolutional neural networks ; the convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have proven to be a powerful tool for discriminative learning . recently researchers have also started to show interest in the generative aspects of cnns in order to gain a deeper understanding of what they have learned and how to further improve them . this paper investigates generative modeling of cnns . the main contributions include : ( 1 ) we construct a generative model for the cnn in the form of exponential tilt ←
→ nonparametric regression using deep neural networks with relu activation function ; consider the multivariate nonparametric regression model . it is shown that estimators based on sparsely connected deep neural networks with relu activation function and properly chosen network architecture achieve the minimax rates of convergence ( up to log n - factors ) under a general composition assumption on the regression function . the framework includes many well - studied structural constraints such as ( generalized ) addi ←
→ temporal convolutional networks : a unified approach to action segmentation ; the dominant paradigm for video - based action segmentation is composed of two steps : first , for each frame , compute low - level features using dense trajectories or a convolutional neural network that encode spatiotemporal information locally , and second , input these features into a classifier that captures high - level temporal relationships , such as a recurrent neural network ( rnn ). while often effective , this decoupling requires sp ←
→ incremental probabilistic inference ; propositional representation services such as truth maintenance systems offer powerful support for incremental , interleaved , problem - model construction and evaluation . probabilistic inference systems , in contrast , have lagged behind in supporting this incrementality typically demanded by problem solvers . the problem , we argue , is that the basic task of probabilistic inference is typically formulated at too large a grain - size . we show how a system built around a smaller ←
→ distributed training of structured svm ; training structured prediction models is time - consuming . however , most existing approaches only use a single machine , thus , the advantage of computing power and the capacity for larger data sets of multiple machines have not been exploited . in this work , we propose an efficient algorithm for distributedly training structured support vector machines based on a distributed block - coordinate descent method . both theoretical and experimental results indicate that our meth ←
→ grounding dynamic spatial relations for embodied ( robot ) interaction ; this paper presents a computational model of the processing of dynamic spatial relations occurring in an embodied robotic interaction setup . a complete system is introduced that allows autonomous robots to produce and interpret dynamic spatial phrases ( in english ) given an environment of moving objects . the model unites two separate research strands : computational cognitive semantics and on commonsense spatial representation and reasonin ←
→ bitwise neural networks ; based on the assumption that there exists a neural network that efficiently represents a set of boolean functions between all binary inputs and outputs , we propose a process for developing and deploying neural networks whose weight parameters , bias terms , input , and intermediate hidden layer output signals , are all binary - valued , and require only basic bit logic for the feedforward pass . the proposed bitwise neural network ( bnn ) is especially suitable for resource - constrained envir ←
→ accelerated kernel discriminant analysis ; in this paper , using a novel matrix factorization and simultaneous reduction to diagonal form approach ( or in short simultaneous reduction approach ), accelerated kernel discriminant analysis ( akda ) and accelerated kernel subclass discriminant analysis ( aksda ) are proposed . specifically , instead of performing the simultaneous reduction of the between - and within - class or subclass scatter matrices , the nonzero eigenpairs ( nzep ) of the so - called core matrix , which is ←
→ quantitative analysis of saliency models ; previous saliency detection research required the reader to evaluate performance qualitatively , based on renderings of saliency maps on a few shapes . this qualitative approach meant it was unclear which saliency models were better , or how well they compared to human perception . this paper provides a quantitative evaluation framework that addresses this issue . in the first quantitative analysis of 3d computational saliency models , we evaluate four computational sali ←
→ lexrank : graph - based lexical centrality as salience in text summarization ; we introduce a stochastic graph - based method for computing relative importance of textual units for natural language processing . we test the technique on the problem of text summarization ( ts ). extractive ts relies on the concept of sentence salience to identify the most important sentences in a document or set of documents . salience is typically defined in terms of the presence of particular important words or in terms of similar ←
→ markov random fields factorization with context - specific independences ; markov random fields provide a compact representation of joint probability distributions by representing its independence properties in an undirected graph . the well - known hammersley - clifford theorem uses these conditional independences to factorize a gibbs distribution into a set of factors . however , an important issue of using a graph to represent independences is that it cannot encode some types of independence relations , such as th ←
→ mixedpeds : pedestrian detection in unannotated videos using synthetically generated human - agents for training ; we present a new method for training pedestrian detectors on an unannotated set of images . we produce a mixed reality dataset that is composed of real - world background images and synthetically generated static human - agents . our approach is general , robust , and makes no other assumptions about the unannotated dataset regarding the number or location of pedestrians . we automatically extract from t ←
→ speaker identification using mfcc - domain support vector machine ; speech recognition and speaker identification are important for authentication and verification in security purpose , but they are difficult to achieve . speaker identification methods can be divided into text - independent and text - dependent . this paper presents a technique of text - dependent speaker identification using mfcc - domain support vector machine ( svm ). in this work , melfrequency cepstrum coefficients ( mfccs ) and their statistical distri ←
→ 6th international symposium on attention in cognitive systems 2013 ; this volume contains the papers accepted at the 6th international symposium on attention in cognitive systems ( isacs 2013 ), held in beijing , august 5 , 2013 . the aim of this symposium is to highlight the central role of attention on various kinds of performance in cognitive systems processing . it brings together researchers and developers from both academia and industry , from computer vision , robotics , perception psychology , psychophysics a ←
→ parameter learning of logic programs for symbolic - statistical modeling ; we propose a logical / mathematical framework for statistical parameter learning of parameterized logic programs , i . e . definite clause programs containing probabilistic facts with a parameterized distribution . it extends the traditional least herbrand model semantics in logic programming to distribution semantics , possible world semantics with a probability distribution which is unconditionally applicable to arbitrary logic programs incl ←
→ belief propagation by message passing in junction trees : computing each message faster using gpu parallelization ; compiling bayesian networks ( bns ) to junction trees and performing belief propagation over them is among the most prominent approaches to computing posteriors in bns . however , belief propagation over junction tree is known to be computationally intensive in the general case . its complexity may increase dramatically with the connectivity and state space cardinality of bayesian network nodes . i ←
→ rapid online analysis of local feature detectors and their complementarity ; a vision system that can assess its own performance and take appropriate actions online to maximize its effectiveness would be a step towards achieving the long - cherished goal of imitating humans . this paper proposes a method for performing an online performance analysis of local feature detectors , the primary stage of many practical vision systems . it advocates the spatial distribution of local image features as a good performan ←
→ discovering classes of strongly equivalent logic programs ; in this paper we apply computer - aided theorem discovery technique to discover theorems about strongly equivalent logic programs under the answer set semantics . our discovered theorems capture new classes of strongly equivalent logic programs that can lead to new program simplification rules that preserve strong equivalence . specifically , with the help of computers , we discovered exact conditions that capture the strong equivalence between a rule an ←
→ fast modeling methods for complex system with separable features ; data - driven modeling plays an increasingly important role in different areas of engineering . for most of existing methods , such as genetic programming ( gp ), the convergence speed might be too slow for large scale problems with a large number of variables . fortunately , in many applications , the target models are separable in some sense . in this paper , we analyze different types of separability of some real - world engineering equations and esta ←
→ sequence - to - sequence prediction of vehicle trajectory via lstm encoder - decoder architecture ; in this paper , we propose a deep learning - based vehicle trajectory prediction technique which can generate the future trajectory sequence of the surrounding vehicles in real time . we employ the encoder - decoder architecture which analyzes the pattern underlying in the past trajectory using the long short term memory ( lstm )- based encoder and generates the future trajectory sequence using the lstm - based decoder . thi ←
→ a unified perspective on multi - domain and multi - task learning ; in this paper , we provide a new neural - network based perspective on multi - task learning ( mtl ) and multi - domain learning ( mdl ). by introducing the concept of a semantic descriptor , this framework unifies mdl and mtl as well as encompassing various classic and recent mtl / mdl algorithms by interpreting them as different ways of constructing semantic descriptors . our interpretation provides an alternative pipeline for zero - shot learning ( zsl ), wher ←
→ color image compression algorithm based on the dct blocks ; this paper presents the performance of different blockbased discrete cosine transform ( dct ) algorithms for compressing color image . in this rgb component of color image are converted to ycbcr before dct transform is applied . y is luminance component ; cb and cr are chrominance components of the image . the modification of the image data is done based on the classification of image blocks to edge blocks and non - edge blocks , then the edge block of the i ←
→ on the foundations of adversarial single - class classification ; motivated by authentication , intrusion and spam detection applications we consider single - class classification ( scc ) as a two - person game between the learner and an adversary . in this game the learner has a sample from a target distribution and the goal is to construct a classifier capable of distinguishing observations from the target distribution from observations emitted from an unknown other distribution . the ideal scc classifier must guara ←
→ wikipedia vandalism detection through machine learning : feature review and new proposals : lab report for pan at clef 2010 ; wikipedia is an online encyclopedia that anyone can edit . in this open model , some people edits with the intent of harming the integrity of wikipedia . this is known as vandalism . we extend the framework presented in ( potthast , stein , and gerling , 2008 ) for wikipedia vandalism detection . in this approach , several vandalism indicating features are extracted from edits in a vandalism co ←
→ articulatory information and multiview features for large vocabulary continuous speech recognition ; this paper explores the use of multi - view features and their discriminative transforms in a convolutional deep neural network ( cnn ) architecture for a continuous large vocabulary speech recognition task . mel - filterbank energies and perceptually motivated forced damped oscillator coefficient ( doc ) features are used after feature - space maximum - likelihood linear regression ( fmllr ) transforms , which are combin ←
→ research on the multiple feature fusion image retrieval algorithm based on texture feature and rough set theory ; recently , we have witnessed the explosive growth of images with complex information and content . in order to effectively and precisely retrieve desired images from a large - scale image database with low time - consuming , we propose the multiple feature fusion image retrieval algorithm based on the texture feature and rough set theory in this paper . in contrast to the conventional approaches that ←
→ contextual rnn - gans for abstract reasoning diagram generation ; understanding , predicting , and generating object motions and transformations is a core problem in artificial intelligence . modeling sequences of evolving images may provide better representations and models of motion and may ultimately be used for forecasting , simulation , or video generation . diagrammatic abstract reasoning is an avenue in which diagrams evolve in complex patterns and one needs to infer the underlying pattern sequence and gener ←
→ information evolution in social networks ; social networks readily transmit information , albeit with less than perfect fidelity . we present a large - scale measurement of this imperfect information copying mechanism by examining the dissemination and evolution of thousands of memes , collectively replicated hundreds of millions of times in the online social network facebook . the information undergoes an evolutionary process that exhibits several regularities . a meme ' s mutation rate characterizes the population ←
→ learning rates for classification with gaussian kernels ; this paper aims at refined error analysis for binary classification using support vector machine ( svm ) with gaussian kernel and convex loss . our first result shows that for some loss functions such as the truncated quadratic loss and quadratic loss , svm with gaussian kernel can reach the almost optimal learning rate , provided the regression function is smooth . our second result shows that , for a large number of loss functions , under some tsybakov noi ←
→ ivan franko ' s novel dlja domashnjoho ohnyshcha ( for the hearth ) in the light of the frequency dictionary ; in the article , the methodology and the principles of the compilation of the frequency dictionary for ivan franko ' s novel dlja domashnjoho ohnyshcha ( for the hearth ) are described . the following statistical parameters of the novel vocabulary are obtained : variety , exclusiveness , concentration indexes , correlation between word rank and text coverage , etc . the main quantitative characteristics of frank ←
→ learning mixed membership community models in social tagging networks through tensor methods ; community detection in graphs has been extensively studied both in theory and in applications . however , detecting communities in hypergraphs is more challenging . in this paper , we propose a tensor decomposition approach for guaranteed learning of communities in a special class of hypergraphs modeling social tagging systems or folksonomies . a folksonomy is a tripartite 3 - uniform hypergraph consisting of ( user , ta ←
→ automatic sleep stage scoring with single - channel eeg using convolutional neural networks ; we used convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for automatic sleep stage scoring based on single - channel electroencephalography ( eeg ) to learn task - specific filters for classification without using prior domain knowledge . we used an openly available dataset from 20 healthy young adults for evaluation and applied 20 - fold cross - validation . we used class - balanced random sampling within the stochastic gradient descent ( s ←
→ more than word frequencies : authorship attribution via natural frequency zoned word distribution analysis ; with such increasing popularity and availability of digital text data , authorships of digital texts can not be taken for granted due to the ease of copying and parsing . this paper presents a new text style analysis called natural frequency zoned word distribution analysis ( nfz - wda ), and then a basic authorship attribution scheme and an open authorship attribution scheme for digital texts based on th ←
→ person re - identification by unsupervised video matching ; most existing person re - identification ( reid ) methods rely only on the spatial appearance information from either one or multiple person images , whilst ignore the space - time cues readily available in video or image - sequence data . moreover , they often assume the availability of exhaustively labelled cross - view pairwise data for every camera pair , making them non - scalable to reid applications in real - world large scale camera networks . in this work , we ←
→ optimizing semiconductor devices by self - organizing particle swarm ; a self - organizing particle swarm is presented . it works in dissipative state by employing the small inertia weight , according to experimental analysis on a simplified model , which with fast convergence . then by recognizing and replacing inactive particles according to the process deviation information of device parameters , the fluctuation is introduced so as to driving the irreversible evolution process with better fitness . the testing on ←
→ description and evaluation of semantic similarity measures approaches ; in recent years , semantic similarity measure has a great interest in semantic web and natural language processing ( nlp ). several similarity measures have been developed , being given the existence of a structured knowledge representation offered by ontologies and corpus which enable semantic interpretation of terms . semantic similarity measures compute the similarity between concepts / terms included in knowledge sources in order to perfor ←
→ scaling multiple - source entity resolution using statistically efficient transfer learning ; we consider a serious , previously - unexplored challenge facing almost all approaches to scaling up entity resolution ( er ) to multiple data sources : the prohibitive cost of labeling training data for supervised learning of similarity scores for each pair of sources . while there exists a rich literature describing almost all aspects of pairwise er , this new challenge is arising now due to the unprecedented ability to ←
→ taming non - stationary bandits : a bayesian approach ; we consider the multi armed bandit problem in non - stationary environments . based on the bayesian method , we propose a variant of thompson sampling which can be used in both rested and restless bandit scenarios . applying discounting to the parameters of prior distribution , we describe a way to systematically reduce the effect of past observations . further , we derive the exact expression for the probability of picking sub - optimal arms . by increasing the exp ←
→ multimodal named entity recognition for short social media posts ; we introduce a new task called multimodal named entity recognition ( mner ) for noisy user - generated data such as tweets or snapchat captions , which comprise short text with accompanying images . these social media posts often come in inconsistent or incomplete syntax and lexical notations with very limited surrounding textual contexts , bringing significant challenges for ner . to this end , we create a new dataset for mner called snapcaptions ( s ←
→ deep - esn : a multiple projection - encoding hierarchical reservoir computing framework ; as an efficient recurrent neural network ( rnn ) model , reservoir computing ( rc ) models , such as echo state networks , have attracted widespread attention in the last decade . however , while they have had great success with time series data [ 1 ], [ 2 ], many time series have a multiscale structure , which a single - hidden - layer rc model may have difficulty capturing . in this paper , we propose a novel hierarchical reservoir comput ←
→ on building a knowledge base for stability theory ; a lot of mathematical knowledge has been formalized and stored in repositories by now : different mathematical theorems and theories have been taken into consideration and included in mathematical repositories . applications more distant from pure mathematics , however --- though based on these theories --- often need more detailed knowledge about the underlying theories . in this paper we present an example mizar formalization from the area of electrical engi ←
→ performance of hull - detection algorithms for proton computed tomography reconstruction ; proton computed tomography ( pct ) is a novel imaging modality developed for patients receiving proton radiation therapy . the purpose of this work was to investigate hull - detection algorithms used for preconditioning of the large and sparse linear system of equations that needs to be solved for pct image reconstruction . the hull - detection algorithms investigated here included silhouette / space carving ( sc ), modified silh ←
→ sparse bayesian methods for low - rank matrix estimation ; recovery of low - rank matrices has recently seen significant activity in many areas of science and engineering , motivated by recent theoretical results for exact reconstruction guarantees and interesting practical applications . a number of methods have been developed for this recovery problem . however , a principled method for choosing the unknown target rank is generally not provided . in this paper , we present novel recovery algorithms for estimating l ←
→ learning transformed product distributions ; we consider the problem of learning an unknown product distribution $ x $ over $\{ 0 , 1 \}^ n $ using samples $ f ( x )$ where $ f $ is a \ emph { known } transformation function . each choice of a transformation function $ f $ specifies a learning problem in this framework . information - theoretic arguments show that for every transformation function $ f $ the corresponding learning problem can be solved to accuracy $\ eps $, using $\ tilde { o }( n /\ eps ^ 2 )$ examples , by a generic algorithm ←
→ online continuous submodular maximization ; in this paper , we consider an online optimization process , where the objective functions are not convex ( nor concave ) but instead belong to a broad class of continuous submodular functions . we first propose a variant of the frank - wolfe algorithm that has access to the full gradient of the objective functions . we show that it achieves a regret bound of $ o (\ sqrt { t })$ ( where $ t $ is the horizon of the online optimization problem ) against a $( 1 - 1 / e )$- approximation to t ←
→ nonstop : a nonstationary online prediction method for time series ; we present online prediction methods for univariate and multivariate time series that allow us to handle nonstationary artifacts present in most real time series . specifically , we show that applying appropriate transformations to such time series can lead to improved theoretical and empirical prediction performance . moreover , since these transformations are usually unknown , we employ the learning with experts setting to develop a fully onli ←
→ technical report : image captioning with semantically similar images ; this report presents our submission to the ms coco captioning challenge 2015 . the method uses convolutional neural network activations as an embedding to find semantically similar images . from these images , the most typical caption is selected based on unigram frequencies . although the method received low scores with automated evaluation metrics and in human assessed average correctness , it is competitive in the ratio of captions which pa ←
→ spectral methods meet em : a provably optimal algorithm for crowdsourcing ; crowdsourcing is a popular paradigm for effectively collecting labels at low cost . the dawid - skene estimator has been widely used for inferring the true labels from the noisy labels provided by non - expert crowdsourcing workers . however , since the estimator maximizes a non - convex log - likelihood function , it is hard to theoretically justify its performance . in this paper , we propose a two - stage efficient algorithm for multi - class crowd ←
→ efficient algorithms for outlier - robust regression ; we give the first polynomial - time algorithm for performing linear or polynomial regression resilient to adversarial corruptions in both examples and labels . given a sufficiently large ( polynomial - size ) training set drawn i . i . d . from distribution d and subsequently corrupted on some fraction of points , our algorithm outputs a linear function whose squared error is close to the squared error of the best - fitting linear function with respect to d , assuming ←
→ understanding a version of multivariate symmetric uncertainty to assist in feature selection ; in this paper , we analyze the behavior of the multivariate symmetric uncertainty ( msu ) measure through the use of statistical simulation techniques under various mixes of informative and non - informative randomly generated features . experiments show how the number of attributes , their cardinalities , and the sample size affect the msu . we discovered a condition that preserves good quality in the msu under differen ←
→ recurrent neural networks based indic word - wise script identification using character - wise training ; this paper presents a novel methodology of indic handwritten script recognition using recurrent neural networks and addresses the problem of script recognition in poor data scenarios , such as when only character level online data is available . it is based on the hypothesis that curves of online character data comprise sufficient information for prediction at the word level . online character data is used t ←
→ an adversarial regularisation for semi - supervised training of structured output neural networks ; we propose a method for semi - supervised training of structured - output neural networks . inspired by the framework of generative adversarial networks ( gan ), we train a discriminator network to capture the notion of a quality of network output . to this end , we leverage the qualitative difference between outputs obtained on the labelled training data and unannotated data . we then use the discriminator as a source ←
→ an improved axiomatic definition of information granulation ; to capture the uncertainty of information or knowledge in information systems , various information granulations , also known as knowledge granulations , have been proposed . recently , several axiomatic definitions of information granulation have been introduced . in this paper , we try to improve these axiomatic definitions and give a universal construction of information granulation by relating information granulations with a class of functions of mu ←
→ nf - savo : neuro - fuzzy system for arabic video ocr ; in this paper we propose a robust approach for text extraction and recognition from video clips which is called neuro - fuzzy system for arabic video ocr . in arabic video text recognition , a number of noise components provide the text relatively more complicated to separate from the background . further , the characters can be moving or presented in a diversity of colors , sizes and fonts that are not uniform . added to this , is the fact that the background is us ←
→ streamed learning : one - pass svms ; we present a streaming model for large - scale classification ( in the context of $\ ell_2 $- svm ) by leveraging connections between learning and computational geometry . the streaming model imposes the constraint that only a single pass over the data is allowed . the $\ ell_2 $- svm is known to have an equivalent formulation in terms of the minimum enclosing ball ( meb ) problem , and an efficient algorithm based on the idea of \ emph { core sets } exists ( core vector machine , cvm ). cvm le ←
→ sharpness - aware low dose ct denoising using conditional generative adversarial network ; low dose computed tomography ( ldct ) has offered tremendous benefits in radiation restricted applications , but the quantum noise as resulted by the insufficient number of photons could potentially harm the diagnostic performance . current image - based denoising methods tend to produce a blur effect on the final reconstructed results especially in high noise levels . in this paper , a deep learning based approach was propos ←
→ towards an asp - based architecture for autonomous uavs in dynamic environments ( extended abstract ) ; traditional ai reasoning techniques have been used successfully in many domains , including logistics , scheduling and game playing . this paper is part of a project aimed at investigating how such techniques can be extended to coordinate teams of unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs ) in dynamic environments . specifically challenging are real - world environments where uavs and other network - enabled devices must commu ←
→ an efficient and integrated algorithm for video enhancement in challenging lighting conditions ; we describe a novel integrated algorithm for real - time enhancement of video acquired under challenging lighting conditions . such conditions include low lighting , haze , and high dynamic range situations . the algorithm automatically detects the dominate source of impairment , then depending on whether it is low lighting , haze or others , a corresponding pre - processing is applied to the input video , followed by the ←
→ fuzzy fibers : uncertainty in dmri tractography ; fiber tracking based on diffusion weighted magnetic resonance imaging ( dmri ) allows for noninvasive reconstruction of fiber bundles in the human brain . in this chapter , we discuss sources of error and uncertainty in this technique , and review strategies that afford a more reliable interpretation of the results . this includes methods for computing and rendering probabilistic tractograms , which estimate precision in the face of measurement noise and artifacts . ←
→ decomposition and identification of linear structural equation models ; in this paper , we address the problem of identifying linear structural equation models . we first extend the edge set half - trek criterion to cover a broader class of models . we then show that any semi - markovian linear model can be recursively decomposed into simpler sub - models , resulting in improved identification power . finally , we show that , unlike the existing methods developed for linear models , the resulting method subsumes the iden ←
→ reasoning for improved sensor data interpretation in a smart home ; in this paper an ontological representation and reasoning paradigm has been proposed for interpretation of time - series signals . the signals come from sensors observing a smart environment . the signal chosen for the annotation process is a set of unintuitive and complex gas sensor data . the ontology of this paradigm is inspired form the ssn ontology ( semantic sensor network ) and used for representation of both the sensor data and the context ←
→ intelligent health recommendation system for computer users ; the time people spend in front of computers has been increasing steadily due to the role computers play in modern society . individuals who sit in front of computers for an extended period of time , specifically with improper postures may incur various health issues . in this work , individuals ' behaviors in front of computers are studied using web cameras . by means of non - rigid face tracking system , data are analyzed to determine the 3d head pose , b ←
→ strategic dialogue management via deep reinforcement learning ; artificially intelligent agents equipped with strategic skills that can negotiate during their interactions with other natural or artificial agents are still underdeveloped . this paper describes a successful application of deep reinforcement learning ( drl ) for training intelligent agents with strategic conversational skills , in a situated dialogue setting . previous studies have modelled the behaviour of strategic agents using supervised learnin ←
→ sprite : a response model for multiple choice testing ; item response theory ( irt ) models for categorical response data are widely used in the analysis of educational data , computerized adaptive testing , and psychological surveys . however , most irt models rely on both the assumption that categories are strictly ordered and the assumption that this ordering is known a priori . these assumptions are impractical in many real - world scenarios , such as multiple - choice exams where the levels of incorrectness for the ←
→ ontoana : domain ontology for human anatomy ; today , we can find many search engines which provide us with information which is more operational in nature . none of the search engines provide domain specific information . this becomes very troublesome to a novice user who wishes to have information in a particular domain . in this paper , we have developed an ontology which can be used by a domain specific search engine . we have developed an ontology on human anatomy , which captures information regarding cardiov ←
→ features in concert : discriminative feature selection meets unsupervised clustering ; feature selection is an essential problem in computer vision , important for category learning and recognition . along with the rapid development of a wide variety of visual features and classifiers , there is a growing need for efficient feature selection and combination methods , to construct powerful classifiers for more complex and higher - level recognition tasks . we propose an algorithm that efficiently discovers sparse ,←
→ isomorphism between differential and moment invariants under affine transform ; the invariant is one of central topics in science , technology and engineering . the differential invariant is essential in understanding or describing some important phenomena or procedures in mathematics , physics , chemistry , biology or computer science etc . the derivation of differential invariants is usually difficult or complicated . this paper reports a discovery that under the affine transform , differential invariants have ←
→ on the effect of hyperedge weights on hypergraph learning ; hypergraph is a powerful representation in several computer vision , machine learning and pattern recognition problems . in the last decade , many researchers have been keen to develop different hypergraph models . in contrast , no much attention has been paid to the design of hyperedge weights . however , many studies on pairwise graphs show that the choice of edge weight can significantly influence the performances of such graph algorithms . we argue tha ←
→ show , ask , attend , and answer : a strong baseline for visual question answering ; this paper presents a new baseline for visual question answering task . given an image and a question in natural language , our model produces accurate answers according to the content of the image . our model , while being architecturally simple and relatively small in terms of trainable parameters , sets a new state of the art on both unbalanced and balanced vqa benchmark . on vqa 1 . 0 open ended challenge , our model achieves 64 . 6 ←
→ pves : position - velocity encoders for unsupervised learning of structured state representations ; we propose position - velocity encoders ( pves ) which learn --- without supervision --- to encode images to positions and velocities of task - relevant objects . pves encode a single image into a low - dimensional position state and compute the velocity state from finite differences in position . in contrast to autoencoders , position - velocity encoders are not trained by image reconstruction , but by making the position - velo ←
→ higher - order minimum cost lifted multicuts for motion segmentation ; most state - of - the - art motion segmentation algorithms draw their potential from modeling motion differences of local entities such as point trajectories in terms of pairwise potentials in graphical models . inference in instances of minimum cost multicut problems defined on such graphs al - lows to optimize the number of the resulting segments along with the segment assignment . however , pairwise potentials limit the discriminative power of th ←
→ convolutional invasion and expansion networks for tumor growth prediction ; tumor growth is associated with cell invasion and mass - effect , which are traditionally formulated by mathematical models , namely reaction - diffusion equations and biomechanics . such models can be personalized based on clinical measurements to build the predictive models for tumor growth . in this paper , we investigate the possibility of using deep convolutional neural networks ( convnets ) to directly represent and learn the cell inva ←
→ differentiable genetic programming ; we introduce the use of high order automatic differentiation , implemented via the algebra of truncated taylor polynomials , in genetic programming . using the cartesian genetic programming encoding we obtain a high - order taylor representation of the program output that is then used to back - propagate errors during learning . the resulting machine learning framework is called differentiable cartesian genetic programming ( dcgp ). in the context of symbolic regression , dcgp offe ←
→ building graph representations of deep vector embeddings ; patterns stored within pre - trained deep neural networks compose large and powerful descriptive languages that can be used for many different purposes . typically , deep network representations are implemented within vector embedding spaces , which enables the use of traditional machine learning algorithms on top of them . in this short paper we propose the construction of a graph embedding space instead , introducing a methodology to transform the knowle ←
→ topic words analysis based on lda model ; social network analysis ( sna ), which is a research field describing and modeling the social connection of a certain group of people , is popular among network services . our topic words analysis project is a sna method to visualize the topic words among emails from obama . com to accounts registered in columbus , ohio . based on latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) model , a popular topic model of sna , our project characterizes the preference of senders for target group of re ←
→ an improved parametrization and analysis of the exp3 ++ algorithm for stochastic and adversarial bandits ; we present a new strategy for gap estimation in randomized algorithms for multiarmed bandits and combine it with the exp3 ++ algorithm of seldin and slivkins ( 2014 ). in the stochastic regime the strategy reduces dependence of regret on a time horizon from $(\ ln t )^ 3 $ to $(\ ln t )^ 2 $ and eliminates an additive factor of order $\ delta e ^{ 1 /\ delta ^ 2 }$, where $\ delta $ is the minimal gap of a problem instanc ←
→ an end - to - end spatio - temporal attention model for human action recognition from skeleton data ; human action recognition is an important task in computer vision . extracting discriminative spatial and temporal features to model the spatial and temporal evolutions of different actions plays a key role in accomplishing this task . in this work , we propose an end - to - end spatial and temporal attention model for human action recognition from skeleton data . we build our model on top of the recurrent neural networ ←
→ how should we evaluate supervised hashing ? ; hashing produces compact representations for documents , to perform tasks like classification or retrieval based on these short codes . when hashing is supervised , the codes are trained using labels on the training data . this paper first shows that the evaluation protocols used in the literature for supervised hashing are not satisfactory : we show that a trivial solution that encodes the output of a classifier significantly outperforms existing supervised or semi - s ←
→ exploring the regularity of sparse structure in convolutional neural networks ; sparsity helps reduce the computational complexity of deep neural networks by skipping zeros . taking advantage of sparsity is listed as a high priority in next generation dnn accelerators such as tpu . the structure of sparsity , i . e ., the granularity of pruning , affects the efficiency of hardware accelerator design as well as the prediction accuracy . coarse - grained pruning creates regular sparsity patterns , making it more amena ←
→ neural machine translation model with a large vocabulary selected by branching entropy ; neural machine translation ( nmt ), a new approach to machine translation , has achieved promising results comparable to those of traditional approaches such as statistical machine translation ( smt ). despite its recent success , nmt cannot handle a larger vocabulary because the training complexity and decoding complexity proportionally increase with the number of target words . this problem becomes even more serious when t ←
→ an investigation into the pedagogical features of documents ; characterizing the content of a technical document in terms of its learning utility can be useful for applications related to education , such as generating reading lists from large collections of documents . we refer to this learning utility as the " pedagogical value " of the document to the learner . while pedagogical value is an important concept that has been studied extensively within the education domain , there has been little work exploring it ←
→ a lexical analysis tool with ambiguity support ; lexical ambiguities naturally arise in languages . we present lamb , a lexical analyzer that produces a lexical analysis graph describing all the possible sequences of tokens that can be found within the input string . parsers can process such lexical analysis graphs and discard any sequence of tokens that does not produce a valid syntactic sentence , therefore performing , together with lamb , a context - sensitive lexical analysis in lexically - ambiguous language sp ←
→ on the dynamics of a recurrent hopfield network ; in this research paper novel real / complex valued recurrent hopfield neural network ( rhnn ) is proposed . the method of synthesizing the energy landscape of such a network and the experimental investigation of dynamics of recurrent hopfield network is discussed . parallel modes of operation ( other than fully parallel mode ) in layered rhnn is proposed . also , certain potential applications are proposed .←
→ concept transfer learning for adaptive language understanding ; semantic transfer is an important problem of the language understanding ( lu ), which is about how the recognition pattern of a semantic concept benefits other associated concepts . in this paper , we propose a new semantic representation based on combinatory concepts . semantic slot is represented as a composition of different atomic concepts in different semantic dimensions . specifically , we propose the concept transfer learning methods for extend ←
→ end - to - end learning of deep visual representations for image retrieval ; while deep learning has become a key ingredient in the top performing methods for many computer vision tasks , it has failed so far to bring similar improvements to instance - level image retrieval . in this article , we argue that reasons for the underwhelming results of deep methods on image retrieval are threefold : i ) noisy training data , ii ) inappropriate deep architecture , and iii ) suboptimal training procedure . we address all three is ←
→ a neural - network technique to learn concepts from electroencephalograms ; a new technique is presented developed to learn multi - class concepts from clinical electroencephalograms . a desired concept is represented as a neuronal computational model consisting of the input , hidden , and output neurons . in this model the hidden neurons learn independently to classify the electroencephalogram segments presented by spectral and statistical features . this technique has been applied to the electroencephalogram data ←
→ a novel approach to dropped pronoun translation ; dropped pronouns ( dp ) in which pronouns are frequently dropped in the source language but should be retained in the target language are challenge in machine translation . in response to this problem , we propose a semi - supervised approach to recall possibly missing pronouns in the translation . firstly , we build training data for dp generation in which the dps are automatically labelled according to the alignment information from a parallel corpus . secondly , we ←
→ sparse matrix - based random projection for classification ; as a typical dimensionality reduction technique , random projection can be simply implemented with linear projection , while maintaining the pairwise distances of high - dimensional data with high probability . considering this technique is mainly exploited for the task of classification , this paper is developed to study the construction of random matrix from the viewpoint of feature selection , rather than of traditional distance preservation . this yield ←
→ a fast factorization - based approach to robust pca ; robust principal component analysis ( rpca ) has been widely used for recovering low - rank matrices in many data mining and machine learning problems . it separates a data matrix into a low - rank part and a sparse part . the convex approach has been well studied in the literature . however , state - of - the - art algorithms for the convex approach usually have relatively high complexity due to the need of solving ( partial ) singular value decompositions of large matrice ←
→ adaptive parallel iterative deepening search ; many of the artificial intelligence techniques developed to date rely on heuristic search through large spaces . unfortunately , the size of these spaces and the corresponding computational effort reduce the applicability of otherwise novel and effective algorithms . a number of parallel and distributed approaches to search have considerably improved the performance of the search process . our goal is to develop an architecture that automatically selects parallel s ←
→ psychologically inspired planning method for smart relocation task ; behavior planning is known to be one of the basic cognitive functions , which is essential for any cognitive architecture of any control system used in robotics . at the same time most of the widespread planning algorithms employed in those systems are developed using only approaches and models of artificial intelligence and don ' t take into account numerous results of cognitive experiments . as a result , there is a strong need for novel metho ←
→ interactive character posing by sparse coding ; character posing is of interest in computer animation . it is difficult due to its dependence on inverse kinematics ( ik ) techniques and articulate property of human characters . to solve the ik problem , classical methods that rely on numerical solutions often suffer from the under - determination problem and can not guarantee naturalness . existing data - driven methods address this problem by learning from motion capture data . when facing a large variety of poses h ←
→ the syntactic processing of particles in japanese spoken language ; particles fullfill several distinct central roles in the japanese language . they can mark arguments as well as adjuncts , can be functional or have semantic funtions . there is , however , no straightforward matching from particles to functions , as , e . g ., ga can mark the subject , the object or an adjunct of a sentence . particles can cooccur . verbal arguments that could be identified by particles can be eliminated in the japanese sentence . and f ←
→ interactively picking real - world objects with unconstrained spoken language instructions ; comprehension of spoken natural language is an essential component for robots to communicate with human effectively . however , handling unconstrained spoken instructions is challenging due to ( 1 ) complex structures including a wide variety of expressions used in spoken language and ( 2 ) inherent ambiguity in interpretation of human instructions . in this paper , we propose the first comprehensive system that can handle ←
→ deep learning for lung cancer detection : tackling the kaggle data science bowl 2017 challenge ; we present a deep learning framework for computer - aided lung cancer diagnosis . our multi - stage framework detects nodules in 3d lung cat scans , determines if each nodule is malignant , and finally assigns a cancer probability based on these results . we discuss the challenges and advantages of our framework . in the kaggle data science bowl 2017 , our framework ranked 41st out of 1972 teams .←
→ reactive collision avoidance using evolutionary neural networks ; collision avoidance systems can play a vital role in reducing the number of accidents and saving human lives . in this paper , we introduce and validate a novel method for vehicles reactive collision avoidance using evolutionary neural networks ( enn ). a single front - facing rangefinder sensor is the only input required by our method . the training process and the proposed method analysis and validation are carried out using simulation . extensive ←
→ large scale distributed distance metric learning ; in large scale machine learning and data mining problems with high feature dimensionality , the euclidean distance between data points can be uninformative , and distance metric learning ( dml ) is often desired to learn a proper similarity measure ( using side information such as example data pairs being similar or dissimilar ). however , high dimensionality and large volume of pairwise constraints in modern big data can lead to prohibitive computational cost for ←
→ learning robust deep face representation ; with the development of convolution neural network , more and more researchers focus their attention on the advantage of cnn for face recognition task . in this paper , we propose a deep convolution network for learning a robust face representation . the deep convolution net is constructed by 4 convolution layers , 4 max pooling layers and 2 fully connected layers , which totally contains about 4m parameters . the max - feature - map activation function is used instead of rel ←
→ standards for language resources ; the goal of this paper is two - fold : to present an abstract data model for linguistic annotations and its implementation using xml , rdf and related standards ; and to outline the work of a newly formed committee of the international standards organization ( iso ), iso / tc 37 / sc 4 language resource management , which will use this work as its starting point .←
→ natural language inference with external knowledge ; modeling informal inference in natural language is very challenging . with the recent availability of large annotated data , it has become feasible to train complex models such as neural networks to perform natural language inference ( nli ), which have achieved state - of - the - art performance . although there exist relatively large annotated data , can machines learn all knowledge needed to perform nli from the data ? if not , how can nli models benefit from extern ←
→ group descent algorithms for nonconvex penalized linear and logistic regression models with grouped predictors ; penalized regression is an attractive framework for variable selection problems . often , variables possess a grouping structure , and the relevant selection problem is that of selecting groups , not individual variables . the group lasso has been proposed as a way of extending the ideas of the lasso to the problem of group selection . nonconvex penalties such as scad and mcp have been proposed and s ←
→ reinforcement learning with external knowledge and two - stage q - functions for predicting popular reddit threads ; this paper addresses the problem of predicting popularity of comments in an online discussion forum using reinforcement learning , particularly addressing two challenges that arise from having natural language state and action spaces . first , the state representation , which characterizes the history of comments tracked in a discussion at a particular point , is augmented to incorporate the global ←
→ spine : sparse interpretable neural embeddings ; prediction without justification has limited utility . much of the success of neural models can be attributed to their ability to learn rich , dense and expressive representations . while these representations capture the underlying complexity and latent trends in the data , they are far from being interpretable . we propose a novel variant of denoising k - sparse autoencoders that generates highly efficient and interpretable distributed word representations ( word em ←
→ bitnet : bit - regularized deep neural networks ; we present a novel regularization scheme for training deep neural networks . the parameters of neural networks are usually unconstrained and have a dynamic range dispersed over the real line . our key idea is to control the expressive power of the network by dynamically quantizing the range and set of values that the parameters can take . we formulate this idea using a novel end - to - end approach that regularizes the traditional classification loss function . our reg ←
→ b - bit minwise hashing for large - scale linear svm ; in this paper , we propose to ( seamlessly ) integrate b - bit minwise hashing with linear svm to substantially improve the training ( and testing ) efficiency using much smaller memory , with essentially no loss of accuracy . theoretically , we prove that the resemblance matrix , the minwise hashing matrix , and the b - bit minwise hashing matrix are all positive definite matrices ( kernels ). interestingly , our proof for the positive definiteness of the b - bit minwise has ←
→ multimodal visual concept learning with weakly supervised techniques ; despite the availability of a huge amount of video data accompanied by descriptive texts , it is not always easy to exploit the information contained in natural language in order to automatically recognize video concepts . towards this goal , in this paper we use textual cues as means of supervision , introducing two weakly supervised techniques that extend the multiple instance learning ( mil ) framework : the fuzzy sets multiple instance lear ←
→ bayesian hybrid matrix factorisation for data integration ; we introduce a novel bayesian hybrid matrix factorisation model ( hmf ) for data integration , based on combining multiple matrix factorisation methods , that can be used for in - and out - of - matrix prediction of missing values . the model is very general and can be used to integrate many datasets across different entity types , including repeated experiments , similarity matrices , and very sparse datasets . we apply our method on two biological applications ←
→ dimension - free concentration bounds on hankel matrices for spectral learning ; learning probabilistic models over strings is an important issue for many applications . spectral methods propose elegant solutions to the problem of inferring weighted automata from finite samples of variable - length strings drawn from an unknown target distribution . these methods rely on a singular value decomposition of a matrix $ h_s $, called the hankel matrix , that records the frequencies of ( some of ) the observed strings . th ←
→ robust features for facial action recognition ; automatic recognition of facial gestures is becoming increasingly important as real world ai agents become a reality . in this paper , we present an automated system that recognizes facial gestures by capturing local changes and encoding the motion into a histogram of frequencies . we evaluate the proposed method by demonstrating its effectiveness on spontaneous face action benchmarks : the feedtum dataset , the pain dataset and the hmdb51 dataset . the results show ←
→ spontaneous expression classification in the encrypted domain ; to date , most facial expression analysis have been based on posed image databases and is carried out without being able to protect the identity of the subjects whose expressions are being recognised . in this paper , we propose and implement a system for classifying facial expressions of images in the encrypted domain based on a paillier cryptosystem implementation of fisher linear discriminant analysis and k - nearest neighbour ( flda + knn ). we pr ←
→ shopper analytics : a customer activity recognition system using a distributed rgb - d camera network ; the aim of this paper is to present an integrated system consisted of a rgb - d camera and a software able to monitor shoppers in intelligent retail environments . we propose an innovative low cost smart system that can understand the shoppers ' behavior and , in particular , their interactions with the products in the shelves , with the aim to develop an automatic rgb - d technique for video analysis . the system o ←
→ zero - shot detection ; as we move towards large - scale object detection , it is unrealistic to expect annotated training data for all object classes at sufficient scale , and so methods capable of unseen object detection are required . we propose a novel zero - shot method based on training an end - to - end model that fuses semantic attribute prediction with visual features to propose object bounding boxes for seen and unseen classes . while we utilize semantic features during training , our method is agnostic to seman ←
→ positive words carry less information than negative words ; we show that the frequency of word use is not only determined by the word length \ cite { zipf1935 } and the average information content \ cite { piantadosi2011 }, but also by its emotional content . we have analyzed three established lexica of affective word usage in english , german , and spanish , to verify that these lexica have a neutral , unbiased , emotional content . taking into account the frequency of word usage , we find that words with a positive emoti ←
→ higher - order partial least squares ( hopls ): a generalized multi - linear regression method ; a new generalized multilinear regression model , termed the higher - order partial least squares ( hopls ), is introduced with the aim to predict a tensor ( multiway array ) $\ tensor { y }$ from a tensor $\ tensor { x }$ through projecting the data onto the latent space and performing regression on the corresponding latent variables . hopls differs substantially from other regression models in that it explains the data by a sum of ←
→ dynamic multiscale tree learning using ensemble strong classifiers for multi - label segmentation of medical images with lesions ; we introduce a dynamic multiscale tree ( dmt ) architecture that learns how to leverage the strengths of different existing classifiers for supervised multi - label image segmentation . unlike previous works that simply aggregate or cascade classifiers for addressing image segmentation and labeling tasks , we propose to embed strong classifiers into a tree structure that allows bi - dir ←
→ algorithms and architecture for real - time recommendations at news uk ; recommendation systems are recognised as being hugely important in industry , and the area is now well understood . at news uk , there is a requirement to be able to quickly generate recommendations for users on news items as they are published . however , little has been published about systems that can generate recommendations in response to changes in recommendable items and user behaviour in a very short space of time . in this paper we de ←
→ the event - camera dataset and simulator : event - based data for pose estimation , visual odometry , and slam ; new vision sensors , such as the dynamic and active - pixel vision sensor ( davis ), incorporate a conventional global - shutter camera and an event - based sensor in the same pixel array . these sensors have great potential for high - speed robotics and computer vision because they allow us to combine the benefits of conventional cameras with those of event - based sensors : low latency , high temporal resolution , a ←
→ auxiliary image regularization for deep cnns with noisy labels ; precisely - labeled data sets with sufficient amount of samples are very important for training deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). however , many of the available real - world data sets contain erroneously labeled samples and those errors substantially hinder the learning of very accurate cnn models . in this work , we consider the problem of training a deep cnn model for image classification with mislabeled training samples - an issue that i ←
→ neural end - to - end learning for computational argumentation mining ; we investigate neural techniques for end - to - end computational argumentation mining ( am ). we frame am both as a token - based dependency parsing and as a token - based sequence tagging problem , including a multi - task learning setup . contrary to models that operate on the argument component level , we find that framing am as dependency parsing leads to subpar performance results . in contrast , less complex ( local ) tagging models based on bilstms pe ←
→ student dropout risk assessment in undergraduate course at residential university ; student dropout prediction is an indispensable for numerous intelligent systems to measure the education system and success rate of any university as well as throughout the university in the world . therefore , it becomes essential to develop efficient methods for prediction of the students at risk of dropping out , enabling the adoption of proactive process to minimize the situation . thus , this research work propose a protot ←
→ network detection theory and performance ; network detection is an important capability in many areas of applied research in which data can be represented as a graph of entities and relationships . oftentimes the object of interest is a relatively small subgraph in an enormous , potentially uninteresting background . this aspect characterizes network detection as a " big data " problem . graph partitioning and network discovery have been major research areas over the last ten years , driven by interest in internet ←
→ sub - dividing genetic method for optimization problems ; nowadays , optimization problem have more application in all major but they have problem in computation . computation global point in continuous functions have high calculation and this became clearer in large space . in this paper , we proposed sub - dividing genetic method ( sgm ) that have less computation than other method for achieving global points . this method userotation mutation and crossover based sub - division method that sub diving method is used f ←
→ spatial relationship based features for indian sign language recognition ; in this paper , the task of recognizing signs made by hearing impaired people at sentence level has been addressed . a novel method of extracting spatial features to capture hand movements of a signer has been proposed . frames of a given video of a sign are preprocessed to extract face and hand components of a signer . the local centroids of the extracted components along with the global centroid are exploited to extract spatial feature ←
→ a logic for global and local announcements ; in this paper we introduce {\ em global and local announcement logic } ( glal ), a dynamic epistemic logic with two distinct announcement operators -- $[\ phi ]^+ _a $ and $[\ phi ]^- _a $ indexed to a subset $ a $ of the set $ ag $ of all agents -- for global and local announcements respectively . the boundary case $[\ phi ]^+ _ { ag }$ corresponds to the public announcement of $\ phi $, as known from the literature . unlike standard public announcements , which are {\ em model transformer ←
→ neural networks for joint sentence classification in medical paper abstracts ; existing models based on artificial neural networks ( anns ) for sentence classification often do not incorporate the context in which sentences appear , and classify sentences individually . however , traditional sentence classification approaches have been shown to greatly benefit from jointly classifying subsequent sentences , such as with conditional random fields . in this work , we present an ann architecture that combines the ef ←
→ 3lc : lightweight and effective traffic compression for distributed machine learning ; the performance and efficiency of distributed machine learning ( ml ) depends significantly on how long it takes for nodes to exchange state changes . overly - aggressive attempts to reduce communication often sacrifice final model accuracy and necessitate additional ml techniques to compensate for this loss , limiting their generality . some attempts to reduce communication incur high computation overhead , which makes their pe ←
→ exploring architectures , data and units for streaming end - to - end speech recognition with rnn - transducer ; we investigate training end - to - end speech recognition models with the recurrent neural network transducer ( rnn - t ): a streaming , all - neural , sequence - to - sequence architecture which jointly learns acoustic and language model components from transcribed acoustic data . we explore various model architectures and demonstrate how the model can be improved further if additional text or pronunciation data are ←
→ densecap : fully convolutional localization networks for dense captioning ; we introduce the dense captioning task , which requires a computer vision system to both localize and describe salient regions in images in natural language . the dense captioning task generalizes object detection when the descriptions consist of a single word , and image captioning when one predicted region covers the full image . to address the localization and description task jointly we propose a fully convolutional localization netw ←
→ model - based classification and novelty detection for point pattern data ; point patterns are sets or multi - sets of unordered elements that can be found in numerous data sources . however , in data analysis tasks such as classification and novelty detection , appropriate statistical models for point pattern data have not received much attention . this paper proposes the modelling of point pattern data via random finite sets ( rfs ). in particular , we propose appropriate likelihood functions , and a maximum likeliho ←
→ the crossover process : learnability and data protection from inference attacks ; it is usual to consider data protection and learnability as conflicting objectives . this is not always the case : we show how to jointly control inference --- seen as the attack --- and learnability by a noise - free process that mixes training examples , the crossover process ( cp ). one key point is that the cp ~ is typically able to alter joint distributions without touching on marginals , nor altering the sufficient statistic for ←
→ kernel machines with two layers and multiple kernel learning ; in this paper , the framework of kernel machines with two layers is introduced , generalizing classical kernel methods . the new learning methodology provide a formal connection between computational architectures with multiple layers and the theme of kernel learning in standard regularization methods . first , a representer theorem for two - layer networks is presented , showing that finite linear combinations of kernels on each layer are optimal archi ←
→ stacked autoencoders for medical image search ; medical images can be a valuable resource for reliable information to support medical diagnosis . however , the large volume of medical images makes it challenging to retrieve relevant information given a particular scenario . to solve this challenge , content - based image retrieval ( cbir ) attempts to characterize images ( or image regions ) with invariant content information in order to facilitate image search . this work presents a feature extraction technique for m ←
→ combined descriptors in spatial pyramid domain for image classification ; recently spatial pyramid matching ( spm ) with scale invariant feature transform ( sift ) descriptor has been successfully used in image classification . unfortunately , the codebook generation and feature quantization procedures using sift feature have the high complexity both in time and space . to address this problem , in this paper , we propose an approach which combines local binary patterns ( lbp ) and three - patch local binary patterns ( t ←
→ fast 2 - d complex gabor filter with kernel decomposition ; 2 - d complex gabor filtering has found numerous applications in the fields of computer vision and image processing . especially , in some applications , it is often needed to compute 2 - d complex gabor filter bank consisting of the 2 - d complex gabor filtering outputs at multiple orientations and frequencies . although several approaches for fast 2 - d complex gabor filtering have been proposed , they primarily focus on reducing the runtime of performing the 2 ←
→ time complexity analysis of binary space partitioning scheme for image compression ; segmentation - based image coding methods provide high compression ratios when compared with traditional image coding approaches like the transform and sub band coding for low bit - rate compression applications . in this paper , a segmentation - based image coding method , namely the binary space partition scheme , that divides the desired image using a recursive procedure for coding is presented . the bsp approach partitions the d ←
→ scene recognition by combining local and global image descriptors ; object recognition is an important problem in computer vision , having diverse applications . in this work , we construct an end - to - end scene recognition pipeline consisting of feature extraction , encoding , pooling and classification . our approach simultaneously utilize global feature descriptors as well as local feature descriptors from images , to form a hybrid feature descriptor corresponding to each image . we utilize daisy features associat ←
→ fractal descriptors based on the probability dimension : a texture analysis and classification approach ; in this work , we propose a novel technique for obtaining descriptors of gray - level texture images . the descriptors are provided by applying a multiscale transform to the fractal dimension of the image estimated through the probability ( voss ) method . the effectiveness of the descriptors is verified in a classification task using benchmark over texture datasets . the results obtained demonstrate the effic ←
→ a deep convolutional neural network approach to single - particle recognition in cryo - electron microscopy ; background : single - particle cryo - electron microscopy ( cryo - em ) has become a popular tool for structural determination of biological macromolecular complexes . high - resolution cryo - em reconstruction often requires hundreds of thousands of single - particle images . particle extraction from experimental micrographs thus can be laborious and presents a major practical bottleneck in cryo - em structural determi ←
→ optimal weighting of multi - view data with low dimensional hidden states ; in natural language processing ( nlp ) tasks , data often has the following two properties : first , data can be chopped into multi - views which has been successfully used for dimension reduction purposes . for example , in topic classification , every paper can be chopped into the title , the main text and the references . however , it is common that some of the views are less noisier than other views for supervised learning problems . second , un ←
→ challenges in monocular visual odometry : photometric calibration , motion bias and rolling shutter effect ; monocular visual odometry ( vo ) has seen tremendous improvements in accuracy , robustness and efficiency , and has gained exponential popularity over recent years . nevertheless , no comprehensive evaluations have been performed to reveal the influences of the three easily overlooked , yet very influential aspects : photometric calibration , motion bias and rolling shutter effect . in this work , we evaluate t ←
→ shapenet : an information - rich 3d model repository ; we present shapenet : a richly - annotated , large - scale repository of shapes represented by 3d cad models of objects . shapenet contains 3d models from a multitude of semantic categories and organizes them under the wordnet taxonomy . it is a collection of datasets providing many semantic annotations for each 3d model such as consistent rigid alignments , parts and bilateral symmetry planes , physical sizes , keywords , as well as other planned annotations . annotat ←
→ pac - learning bounded tree - width graphical models ; we show that the class of strongly connected graphical models with treewidth at most k can be properly efficiently pac - learnt with respect to the kullback - leibler divergence . previous approaches to this problem , such as those of chow ([ 1 ]), and ho gen ([ 7 ]) have shown that this class is pac - learnable by reducing it to a combinatorial optimization problem . however , for k > 1 , this problem is np - complete ([ 15 ]), and so unless p = np , these approaches will take ←
→ towards a unified theory of logic programming semantics : level mapping characterizations of selector generated models ; currently , the variety of expressive extensions and different semantics created for logic programs with negation is diverse and heterogeneous , and there is a lack of comprehensive comparative studies which map out the multitude of perspectives in a uniform way . most recently , however , new methodologies have been proposed which allow one to derive uniform characterizations of different de ←
→ rasa : open source language understanding and dialogue management ; we introduce a pair of tools , rasa nlu and rasa core , which are open source python libraries for building conversational software . their purpose is to make machine - learning based dialogue management and language understanding accessible to non - specialist software developers . in terms of design philosophy , we aim for ease of use , and bootstrapping from minimal ( or no ) initial training data . both packages are extensively documented and ship wi ←
→ representing conversations for scalable overhearing ; open distributed multi - agent systems are gaining interest in the academic community and in industry . in such open settings , agents are often coordinated using standardized agent conversation protocols . the representation of such protocols ( for analysis , validation , monitoring , etc ) is an important aspect of multi - agent applications . recently , petri nets have been shown to be an interesting approach to such representation , and radically different approach ←
→ darn : a deep adversial residual network for intrinsic image decomposition ; we present a new deep supervised learning method for intrinsic decomposition of a single image into its albedo and shading components . our contributions are based on a new fully convolutional neural network that estimates absolute albedo and shading jointly . our solution relies on a single end - to - end deep sequence of residual blocks and a perceptually - motivated metric formed by two adversarially trained discriminators . as opposed ←
→ unitary - group invariant kernels and features from transformed unlabeled data ; the study of representations invariant to common transformations of the data is important to learning . most techniques have focused on local approximate invariance implemented within expensive optimization frameworks lacking explicit theoretical guarantees . in this paper , we study kernels that are invariant to the unitary group while having theoretical guarantees in addressing practical issues such as ( 1 ) unavailability of tran ←
→ accelerated graph - based spectral polynomial filters ; graph - based spectral denoising is a low - pass filtering using the eigendecomposition of the graph laplacian matrix of a noisy signal . polynomial filtering avoids costly computation of the eigendecomposition by projections onto suitable krylov subspaces . polynomial filters can be based , e . g ., on the bilateral and guided filters . we propose constructing accelerated polynomial filters by running flexible krylov subspace based linear and eigenvalue solvers su ←
→ ethical questions in nlp research : the ( mis )- use of forensic linguistics ; ideas from forensic linguistics are now being used frequently in natural language processing ( nlp ), using machine learning techniques . while the role of forensic linguistics was more benign earlier , it is now being used for purposes which are questionable . certain methods from forensic linguistics are employed , without considering their scientific limitations and ethical concerns . while we take the specific case of forensic linguisti ←
→ a short survey on sense - annotated corpora for diverse languages and resources ; with the advancement of research in word sense disambiguation and deep learning , large sense - annotated datasets are increasingly important for training supervised systems . however , gathering high - quality sense - annotated data for as many instances as possible is an arduous task . this has led to the proliferation of automatic and semi - automatic methods for overcoming the so - called knowledge - acquisition bottleneck . in this paper ←
→ deep versus wide convolutional neural networks for object recognition on neuromorphic system ; in the last decade , special purpose computing systems , such as neuromorphic computing , have become very popular in the field of computer vision and machine learning for classification tasks . in 2015 , ibm ' s released the truenorth neuromorphic system , kick - starting a new era of neuromorphic computing . alternatively , deep learning approaches such as deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnn ) show almost human - level ←
→ image2gif : generating cinemagraphs using recurrent deep q - networks ; given a still photograph , one can imagine how dynamic objects might move against a static background . this idea has been actualized in the form of cinemagraphs , where the motion of particular objects within a still image is repeated , giving the viewer a sense of animation . in this paper , we learn computational models that can generate cinemagraph sequences automatically given a single image . to generate cinemagraphs , we explore combining g ←
→ statistical physics for natural language processing ; this paper has been withdrawn by the author .←
→ attending to characters in neural sequence labeling models ; sequence labeling architectures use word embeddings for capturing similarity , but suffer when handling previously unseen or rare words . we investigate character - level extensions to such models and propose a novel architecture for combining alternative word representations . by using an attention mechanism , the model is able to dynamically decide how much information to use from a word - or character - level component . we evaluated different architectu ←
→ document image coding and clustering for script discrimination ; the paper introduces a new method for discrimination of documents given in different scripts . the document is mapped into a uniformly coded text of numerical values . it is derived from the position of the letters in the text line , based on their typographical characteristics . each code is considered as a gray level . accordingly , the coded text determines a 1 - d image , on which texture analysis by run - length statistics and local binary pattern i ←
→ exploring the syntactic abilities of rnns with multi - task learning ; recent work has explored the syntactic abilities of rnns using the subject - verb agreement task , which diagnoses sensitivity to sentence structure . rnns performed this task well in common cases , but faltered in complex sentences ( linzen et al ., 2016 ). we test whether these errors are due to inherent limitations of the architecture or to the relatively indirect supervision provided by most agreement dependencies in a corpus . we trained a sin ←
→ magsac : marginalizing sample consensus ; a method called sigma - consensus is proposed to eliminate the need for a user - defined inlier - outlier threshold in ransac . instead of estimating sigma , it is marginalized over a range of noise scales using a bayesian estimator , i . e . the optimized model is obtained as the weighted average using the posterior probabilities as weights . applying sigma - consensus , two methods are proposed : ( i ) a post - processing step which always improved the model quality on a wide range of ←
→ being robust ( in high dimensions ) can be practical ; robust estimation is much more challenging in high dimensions than it is in one dimension : most techniques either lead to intractable optimization problems or estimators that can tolerate only a tiny fraction of errors . recent work in theoretical computer science has shown that , in appropriate distributional models , it is possible to robustly estimate the mean and covariance with polynomial time algorithms that can tolerate a constant fraction of corrupti ←
→ robust budget allocation via continuous submodular functions ; the optimal allocation of resources for maximizing influence , spread of information or coverage , has gained attention in the past years , in particular in machine learning and data mining . but in applications , the parameters of the problem are rarely known exactly , and using wrong parameters can lead to undesirable outcomes . we hence revisit a continuous version of the budget allocation or bipartite influence maximization problem introduced by al ←
→ advancing connectionist temporal classification with attention modeling ; in this study , we propose advancing all - neural speech recognition by directly incorporating attention modeling within the connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ) framework . in particular , we derive new context vectors using time convolution features to model attention as part of the ctc network . to further improve attention modeling , we utilize content information extracted from a network representing an implicit language model . f ←
→' part ' ly first among equals : semantic part - based benchmarking for state - of - the - art object recognition systems ; an examination of object recognition challenge leaderboards ( ilsvrc , pascal - voc ) reveals that the top - performing classifiers typically exhibit small differences amongst themselves in terms of error rate / map . to better differentiate the top performers , additional criteria are required . moreover , the ( test ) images , on which the performance scores are based , predominantly contain fully visible obje ←
→ an analysis of the convergence of graph laplacians ; existing approaches to analyzing the asymptotics of graph laplacians typically assume a well - behaved kernel function with smoothness assumptions . we remove the smoothness assumption and generalize the analysis of graph laplacians to include previously unstudied graphs including knn graphs . we also introduce a kernel - free framework to analyze graph constructions with shrinking neighborhoods in general and apply it to analyze locally linear embedding ( lle ).←
→ detecting bird sound in unknown acoustic background using crowdsourced training data ; biodiversity monitoring using audio recordings is achievable at a truly global scale via large - scale deployment of inexpensive , unattended recording stations or by large - scale crowdsourcing using recording and species recognition on mobile devices . the ability , however , to reliably identify vocalising animal species is limited by the fact that acoustic signatures of interest in such recordings are typically embedded in ←
→ microstructure representation and reconstruction of heterogeneous materials via deep belief network for computational material design ; integrated computational materials engineering ( icme ) aims to accelerate optimal design of complex material systems by integrating material science and design automation . for tractable icme , it is required that ( 1 ) a structural feature space be identified to allow reconstruction of new designs , and ( 2 ) the reconstruction process be property - preserving . the majority of exi ←
→ memory - efficient topic modeling ; as one of the simplest probabilistic topic modeling techniques , latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) has found many important applications in text mining , computer vision and computational biology . recent training algorithms for lda can be interpreted within a unified message passing framework . however , message passing requires storing previous messages with a large amount of memory space , increasing linearly with the number of documents or the number of topics . therefore , the ←
→ faceness - net : face detection through deep facial part responses ; we propose a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) for face detection leveraging on facial attributes based supervision . we observe a phenomenon that part detectors emerge within cnn trained to classify attributes from uncropped face images , without any explicit part supervision . the observation motivates a new method for finding faces through scoring facial parts responses by their spatial structure and arrangement . the scoring mechanism i ←
→ re - ranking person re - identification with k - reciprocal encoding ; when considering person re - identification ( re - id ) as a retrieval process , re - ranking is a critical step to improve its accuracy . yet in the re - id community , limited effort has been devoted to re - ranking , especially those fully automatic , unsupervised solutions . in this paper , we propose a k - reciprocal encoding method to re - rank the re - id results . our hypothesis is that if a gallery image is similar to the probe in the k - reciprocal nearest neig ←
→ a formal solution to the grain of truth problem ; a bayesian agent acting in a multi - agent environment learns to predict the other agents ' policies if its prior assigns positive probability to them ( in other words , its prior contains a \ emph { grain of truth }). finding a reasonably large class of policies that contains the bayes - optimal policies with respect to this class is known as the \ emph { grain of truth problem }. only small classes are known to have a grain of truth and the literature contains several re ←
→ checkerboard artifact free sub - pixel convolution : a note on sub - pixel convolution , resize convolution and convolution resize ; the most prominent problem associated with the deconvolution layer is the presence of checkerboard artifacts in output images and dense labels . to combat this problem , smoothness constraints , post processing and different architecture designs have been proposed . odena et al . highlight three sources of checkerboard artifacts : deconvolution overlap , random initialization and loss fu ←
→ denoising random forests ; this paper proposes a novel type of random forests called a denoising random forests that are robust against noises contained in test samples . such noise - corrupted samples cause serious damage to the estimation performances of random forests , since unexpected child nodes are often selected and the leaf nodes that the input sample reaches are sometimes far from those for a clean sample . our main idea for tackling this problem originates from a binary indicator vector that encodes a ←
→ hybridization of evolutionary algorithms ; evolutionary algorithms are good general problem solver but suffer from a lack of domain specific knowledge . however , the problem specific knowledge can be added to evolutionary algorithms by hybridizing . interestingly , all the elements of the evolutionary algorithms can be hybridized . in this chapter , the hybridization of the three elements of the evolutionary algorithms is discussed : the objective function , the survivor selection operator and the parameter settin ←
→ le terme et le concept : fondements d ' une ontoterminologie ; most definitions of ontology , viewed as a " specification of a conceptualization ", agree on the fact that if an ontology can take different forms , it necessarily includes a vocabulary of terms and some specification of their meaning in relation to the domain ' s conceptualization . and as domain knowledge is mainly conveyed through scientific and technical texts , we can hope to extract some useful information from them for building ontology . but is it ←
→ ordinal common - sense inference ; humans have the capacity to draw common - sense inferences from natural language : various things that are likely but not certain to hold based on established discourse , and are rarely stated explicitly . we propose an evaluation of automated common - sense inference based on an extension of recognizing textual entailment : predicting ordinal human responses on the subjective likelihood of an inference holding in a given context . we describe a framework for extracting common - sense ←
→ a likelihood ratio framework for high dimensional semiparametric regression ; we propose a likelihood ratio based inferential framework for high dimensional semiparametric generalized linear models . this framework addresses a variety of challenging problems in high dimensional data analysis , including incomplete data , selection bias , and heterogeneous multitask learning . our work has three main contributions . ( i ) we develop a regularized statistical chromatography approach to infer the parameter of intere ←
→ beyond owl 2 ql in obda : rewritings and approximations ( extended version ) ; ontology - based data access ( obda ) is a novel paradigm facilitating access to relational data , realized by linking data sources to an ontology by means of declarative mappings . dl - lite_r , which is the logic underpinning the w3c ontology language owl 2 ql and the current language of choice for obda , has been designed with the goal of delegating query answering to the underlying database engine , and thus is restricted in expressive p ←
→ noscope : optimizing neural network queries over video at scale ; recent advances in computer vision - in the form of deep neural networks - have made it possible to query increasing volumes of video data with high accuracy . however , neural network inference is computationally expensive at scale : applying a state - of - the - art object detector in real time ( i . e ., 30 + frames per second ) to a single video requires a $ 4000 gpu . in response , we present noscope , a system for querying videos that can reduce the cost of ne ←
→ bayesian kernel and mutual $ k $- nearest neighbor regression ; we propose bayesian extensions of two nonparametric regression methods which are kernel and mutual $ k $- nearest neighbor regression methods . derived based on gaussian process models for regression , the extensions provide distributions for target value estimates and the framework to select the hyperparameters . it is shown that both the proposed methods asymptotically converge to kernel and mutual $ k $- nearest neighbor regression methods , respectively ←
→ conditional generative adversarial networks for emoji synthesis with word embedding manipulation ; emojis have become a very popular part of daily digital communication . their appeal comes largely in part due to their ability to capture and elicit emotions in a more subtle and nuanced way than just plain text is able to . in line with recent advances in the field of deep learning , there are far reaching implications and applications that generative adversarial networks ( gans ) can have for image generation .←
→ multi - frame quality enhancement for compressed video ; the past few years have witnessed great success in applying deep learning to enhance the quality of compressed image / video . the existing approaches mainly focus on enhancing the quality of a single frame , ignoring the similarity between consecutive frames . in this paper , we investigate that heavy quality fluctuation exists across compressed video frames , and thus low quality frames can be enhanced using the neighboring high quality frames , seen as multi ←
→ efficient rank aggregation via lehmer codes ; we propose a novel rank aggregation method based on converting permutations into their corresponding lehmer codes or other subdiagonal images . lehmer codes , also known as inversion vectors , are vector representations of permutations in which each coordinate can take values not restricted by the values of other coordinates . this transformation allows for decoupling of the coordinates and for performing aggregation via simple scalar median or mode computations . we ←
→ subdeterminant maximization via nonconvex relaxations and anti - concentration ; several fundamental problems that arise in optimization and computer science can be cast as follows : given vectors $ v_1 ,\ ldots , v_m \ in \ mathbb { r }^ d $ and a constraint family ${\ cal b }\ subseteq 2 ^{[ m ]}$, find a set $ s \ in \ cal { b }$ that maximizes the squared volume of the simplex spanned by the vectors in $ s $. a motivating example is the data - summarization problem in machine learning where one is given a collection of vectors that ←
→ a multiagent reinforcement learning algorithm with non - linear dynamics ; several multiagent reinforcement learning ( marl ) algorithms have been proposed to optimize agents decisions . due to the complexity of the problem , the majority of the previously developed marl algorithms assumed agents either had some knowledge of the underlying game ( such as nash equilibria ) and / or observed other agents actions and the rewards they received . we introduce a new marl algorithm called the weighted policy learner ( wpl ),←
→ neural distributed autoassociative memories : a survey ; introduction . neural network models of autoassociative , distributed memory allow storage and retrieval of many items ( vectors ) where the number of stored items can exceed the vector dimension ( the number of neurons in the network ). this opens the possibility of a sublinear time search ( in the number of stored items ) for approximate nearest neighbors among vectors of high dimension . the purpose of this paper is to review models of autoassociative , distr ←
→ multi - agent reinforcement learning in sequential social dilemmas ; matrix games like prisoner ' s dilemma have guided research on social dilemmas for decades . however , they necessarily treat the choice to cooperate or defect as an atomic action . in real - world social dilemmas these choices are temporally extended . cooperativeness is a property that applies to policies , not elementary actions . we introduce sequential social dilemmas that share the mixed incentive structure of matrix game social dilemmas but als ←
→ fast and fuzzy private set intersection ; private set intersection ( psi ) is usually implemented as a sequence of encryption rounds between pairs of users , whereas the present work implements psi in a simpler fashion : each set only needs to be encrypted once , after which each pair of users need only one ordinary set comparison . this is typically orders of magnitude faster than ordinary psi at the cost of some `` fuzziness " in the matching , which may nonetheless be tolerable or even desirable . this is demonstr ←
→ image restoration with generalized gaussian mixture model patch priors ; patch priors have became an important component of image restoration . a powerful approach in this category of restoration algorithms is the popular expected patch log - likelihood ( epll ) algorithm . epll uses a gaussian mixture model ( gmm ) prior learned on clean image patches as a way to regularize degraded patches . in this paper , we show that a generalized gaussian mixture model ( ggmm ) captures the underlying distribution of patches bett ←
→ rule reasoning for legal norm validation of fstp facts ; non - obviousness or inventive step is a general requirement for patentability in most patent law systems . an invention should be at an adequate distance beyond its prior art in order to be patented . this short paper provides an overview on a methodology proposed for legal norm validation of fstp facts using rule reasoning approach .←
→ importance sampled stochastic optimization for variational inference ; variational inference approximates the posterior distribution of a probabilistic model with a parameterized density by maximizing a lower bound for the model evidence . modern solutions fit a flexible approximation with stochastic gradient descent , using monte carlo approximation for the gradients . this enables variational inference for arbitrary differentiable probabilistic models , and consequently makes variational inference feasible fo ←
→ face recognition using curvelet transform ; face recognition has been studied extensively for more than 20 years now . since the beginning of 90s the subject has became a major issue . this technology is used in many important real - world applications , such as video surveillance , smart cards , database security , internet and intranet access . this report reviews recent two algorithms for face recognition which take advantage of a relatively new multiscale geometric analysis tool - curvelet transform , for facial ←
→ dynamic programming in in uence diagrams with decision circuits ; decision circuits perform efficient evaluation of influence diagrams , building on the ad - vances in arithmetic circuits for belief net - work inference [ darwiche , 2003 ; bhattachar - jya and shachter , 2007 ]. we show how even more compact decision circuits can be con - structed for dynamic programming in influ - ence diagrams with separable value functions and conditionally independent subproblems . once a decision circuit has been constructed based ←
→ unsupervised discovery of morphemes ; we present two methods for unsupervised segmentation of words into morpheme - like units . the model utilized is especially suited for languages with a rich morphology , such as finnish . the first method is based on the minimum description length ( mdl ) principle and works online . in the second method , maximum likelihood ( ml ) optimization is used . the quality of the segmentations is measured using an evaluation method that compares the segmentations produced to an existing m ←
→ artificial intelligence techniques for steam generator modelling ; this paper investigates the use of different artificial intelligence methods to predict the values of several continuous variables from a steam generator . the objective was to determine how the different artificial intelligence methods performed in making predictions on the given dataset . the artificial intelligence methods evaluated were neural networks , support vector machines , and adaptive neuro - fuzzy inference systems . the types of neura ←
→ openxbow - introducing the passau open - source crossmodal bag - of - words toolkit ; we introduce openxbow , an open - source toolkit for the generation of bag - of - words ( bow ) representations from multimodal input . in the bow principle , word histograms were first used as features in document classification , but the idea was and can easily be adapted to , e . g ., acoustic or visual low - level descriptors , introducing a prior step of vector quantisation . the openxbow toolkit supports arbitrary numeric input features and ←
→ multi - class generalized binary search for active inverse reinforcement learning ; this paper addresses the problem of learning a task from demonstration . we adopt the framework of inverse reinforcement learning , where tasks are represented in the form of a reward function . our contribution is a novel active learning algorithm that enables the learning agent to query the expert for more informative demonstrations , thus leading to more sample - efficient learning . for this novel algorithm ( generalized binary ←
→ exact covariance thresholding into connected components for large - scale graphical lasso ; we consider the sparse inverse covariance regularization problem or graphical lasso with regularization parameter $\ rho $. suppose the co - variance graph formed by thresholding the entries of the sample covariance matrix at $\ rho $ is decomposed into connected components . we show that the vertex - partition induced by the thresholded covariance graph is exactly equal to that induced by the estimated concentration graph . ←
→ outlier robust system identification : a bayesian kernel - based approach ; in this paper , we propose an outlier - robust regularized kernel - based method for linear system identification . the unknown impulse response is modeled as a zero - mean gaussian process whose covariance ( kernel ) is given by the recently proposed stable spline kernel , which encodes information on regularity and exponential stability . to build robustness to outliers , we model the measurement noise as realizations of independent laplacian ran ←
→ an approach to stable gradient descent adaptation of higher - order neural units ; stability evaluation of a weight - update system of higher - order neural units ( honus ) with polynomial aggregation of neural inputs ( also known as classes of polynomial neural networks ) for adaptation of both feedforward and recurrent honus by a gradient descent method is introduced . an essential core of the approach is based on spectral radius of a weight - update system , and it allows stability monitoring and its maintenance at ←
→ convsrc : smartphone based periocular recognition using deep convolutional neural network and sparsity augmented collaborative representation ; smartphone based periocular recognition has gained significant attention from biometric research community because of the limitations of biometric modalities like face , iris etc . most of the existing methods for periocular recognition employ hand - crafted features . recently , learning based image representation techniques like deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ←
→ evaluating conditional cash transfer policies with machine learning methods ; this paper presents an out - of - sample prediction comparison between major machine learning models and the structural econometric model . over the past decade , machine learning has established itself as a powerful tool in many prediction applications , but this approach is still not widely adopted in empirical economic studies . to evaluate the benefits of this approach , i use the most common machine learning algorithms , cart , c4 . 5 , ←
→ end - to - end trained cnn encode - decoder networks for image steganography ; all the existing image steganography methods use manually crafted features to hide binary payloads into cover images . this leads to small payload capacity and image distortion . here we propose a convolutional neural network based encoder - decoder architecture for embedding of images as payload . to this end , we make following three major contributions : ( i ) we propose a deep learning based generic encoder - decoder architecture for image st ←
→ kernel sparse models for automated tumor segmentation ; in this paper , we propose sparse coding - based approaches for segmentation of tumor regions from mr images . sparse coding with data - adapted dictionaries has been successfully employed in several image recovery and vision problems . the proposed approaches obtain sparse codes for each pixel in brain magnetic resonance images considering their intensity values and location information . since it is trivial to obtain pixel - wise sparse codes , and combining mu ←
→ the hierarchical dirichlet process hidden semi - markov model ; there is much interest in the hierarchical dirichlet process hidden markov model ( hdp - hmm ) as a natural bayesian nonparametric extension of the traditional hmm . however , in many settings the hdp - hmm ' s strict markovian constraints are undesirable , particularly if we wish to learn or encode non - geometric state durations . we can extend the hdp - hmm to capture such structure by drawing upon explicit - duration semi - markovianity , which has been developed ←
→ deciding of hmm parameters based on number of critical points for gesture recognition from motion capture data ; this paper presents a method of choosing number of states of a hmm based on number of critical points of the motion capture data . the choice of hidden markov models ( hmm ) parameters is crucial for recognizer ' s performance as it is the first step of the training and cannot be corrected automatically within hmm . in this article we define predictor of number of states based on number of critical po ←
→ a dynamic window neural network for ccg supertagging ; combinatory category grammar ( ccg ) supertagging is a task to assign lexical categories to each word in a sentence . almost all previous methods use fixed context window sizes as input features . however , it is obvious that different tags usually rely on different context window sizes . these motivate us to build a supertagger with a dynamic window approach , which can be treated as an attention mechanism on the local contexts . applying dropout on the dynami ←
→ msdnn : multi - scale deep neural network for salient object detection ; salient object detection is a fundamental problem and has been received a great deal of attentions in computer vision . recently deep learning model became a powerful tool for image feature extraction . in this paper , we propose a multi - scale deep neural network ( msdnn ) for salient object detection . the proposed model first extracts global high - level features and context information over the whole source image with recurrent convolutional n ←
→ a multiphase image segmentation based on fuzzy membership functions and l1 - norm fidelity ; in this paper , we propose a variational multiphase image segmentation model based on fuzzy membership functions and l1 - norm fidelity . then we apply the alternating direction method of multipliers to solve an equivalent problem . all the subproblems can be solved efficiently . specifically , we propose a fast method to calculate the fuzzy median . experimental results and comparisons show that the l1 - norm based method is ←
→ deep reinforcement learning boosted by external knowledge ; recent improvements in deep reinforcement learning have allowed to solve problems in many 2d domains such as atari games . however , in complex 3d environments , numerous learning episodes are required which may be too time consuming or even impossible especially in real - world scenarios . we present a new architecture to combine external knowledge and deep reinforcement learning using only visual input . a key concept of our system is augmenting image i ←
→ a survey of credit card fraud detection techniques : data and technique oriented perspective ; credit card plays a very important rule in today ' s economy . it becomes an unavoidable part of household , business and global activities . although using credit cards provides enormous benefits when used carefully and responsibly , significant credit and financial damages may be caused by fraudulent activities . many techniques have been proposed to confront the growth in credit card fraud . however , all of these techn ←
→ autoencoders and probabilistic inference with missing data : an exact solution for the factor analysis case ; latent variable models can be used to probabilistically " fill - in " missing data entries . the variational autoencoder architecture ( kingma and welling , 2014 ; rezende et al ., 2014 ) includes a " recognition " or " encoder " network that infers the latent variables given the data variables . however , it is not clear how to handle missing data variables in this network . we show how to calculate exactly the la ←
→ alternating back - propagation for generator network ; this paper proposes an alternating back - propagation algorithm for learning the generator network model . the model is a non - linear generalization of factor analysis . in this model , the mapping from the continuous latent factors to the observed signal is parametrized by a convolutional neural network . the alternating back - propagation algorithm iterates the following two steps : ( 1 ) inferential back - propagation , which infers the latent factors by langevin dyn ←
→ putting self - supervised token embedding on the tables ; information distribution by electronic messages is a privileged means of transmission for many businesses and individuals , often under the form of plain - text tables . as their number grows , it becomes necessary to use an algorithm to extract text and numbers instead of a human . usual methods are focused on regular expressions or on a strict structure in the data , but are not efficient when we have many variations , fuzzy structure or implicit labels . in ←
→ rdf2pt : generating brazilian portuguese texts from rdf data ; the generation of natural language from resource description framework ( rdf ) data has recently gained significant attention due to the continuous growth of linked data . a number of these approaches generate natural language in languages other than english , however , no work has been proposed to generate brazilian portuguese texts out of rdf . we address this research gap by presenting rdf2pt , an approach that verbalizes rdf data to brazilian portug ←
→ crowdsourcing pareto - optimal object finding by pairwise comparisons ; this is the first study on crowdsourcing pareto - optimal object finding , which has applications in public opinion collection , group decision making , and information exploration . departing from prior studies on crowdsourcing skyline and ranking queries , it considers the case where objects do not have explicit attributes and preference relations on objects are strict partial orders . the partial orders are derived by aggregating crowdsourcers ←
→ quaternionic fourier - mellin transform ; in this contribution we generalize the classical fourier mellin transform [ s . dorrode and f . ghorbel , robust and efficient fourier - mellin transform approximations for gray - level image reconstruction and complete invariant description , computer vision and image understanding , 83 ( 1 ) ( 2001 ), 57 - 78 , doi 10 . 1006 / cviu . 2001 . 0922 .], which transforms functions $ f $ representing , e . g ., a gray level image defined over a compact set of $\ mathbb { r }^ 2 $. the quaternionic fourier mell ←
→ a face fairness framework for 3d meshes ; in this paper , we present a face fairness framework for 3d meshes that preserves the regular shape of faces and is applicable to a variety of 3d mesh restoration tasks . specifically , we present a number of desirable properties for any mesh restoration method and show that our framework satisfies them . we then apply our framework to two different tasks --- mesh - denoising and mesh - refinement , and present comparative results for these two tasks showing improvement over ←
→ an argument - based creative assistant for harmonic blending ; conceptual blending is a powerful tool for computational creativity where , for example , the properties of two harmonic spaces may be combined in a consistent manner to produce a novel harmonic space . however , deciding about the importance of property features in the input spaces and evaluating the results of conceptual blending is a nontrivial task . in the specific case of musical harmony , defining the salient features of chord transitions and eva ←
→ deep predictive models in interactive music ; automatic music generation is a compelling task where much recent progress has been made with deep learning models . in this paper , we ask how these models can be integrated into interactive music systems ; how can they encourage or enhance the music making of human users ? musical performance requires prediction to operate instruments , and perform in groups . we argue that predictive models could help interactive systems to understand their temporal context , and en ←
→ analysis and visualisation of rdf resources in ondex ; ondex is a data integration and visualization platform developed to support systems biology research . at its core is a data model based on two main principles : first , all information can be represented as a graph and , second , all elements of the graph can be annotated with ontologies . this data model is conformant to the semantic web framework , in particular to rdf , and therefore ondex is ideally positioned as a platform that can exploit the semantic we ←
→ the attentive perceptron ; we propose a focus of attention mechanism to speed up the perceptron algorithm . focus of attention speeds up the perceptron algorithm by lowering the number of features evaluated throughout training and prediction . whereas the traditional perceptron evaluates all the features of each example , the attentive perceptron evaluates less features for easy to classify examples , thereby achieving significant speedups and small losses in prediction accuracy . focus of attention allows the a ←
→ adaptive skills , adaptive partitions ( asap ) ; we introduce the adaptive skills , adaptive partitions ( asap ) framework that ( 1 ) learns skills ( i . e ., temporally extended actions or options ) as well as ( 2 ) where to apply them . we believe that both ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) are necessary for a truly general skill learning framework , which is a key building block needed to scale up to lifelong learning agents . the asap framework can also solve related new tasks simply by adapting where it applies its existing learned skills . w ←
→ cascaded segmentation - detection networks for word - level text spotting ; we introduce an algorithm for word - level text spotting that is able to accurately and reliably determine the bounding regions of individual words of text " in the wild ". our system is formed by the cascade of two convolutional neural networks . the first network is fully convolutional and is in charge of detecting areas containing text . this results in a very reliable but possibly inaccurate segmentation of the input image . the second net ←
→ evolution of sustained foraging in 3d environments with physics ; artificially evolving foraging behavior in simulated legged animals has proved to be a notoriously difficult task . here , we co - evolve the morphology and controller for virtual organisms in a three - dimensional physically realistic environment to produce goal - directed legged locomotion . we show that following and reaching multiple food sources can evolve de novo , by evaluating each organism on multiple food sources placed on a basic pattern tha ←
→ segmentation of optic disc , fovea and retinal vasculature using a single convolutional neural network ; we have developed and trained a convolutional neural network to automatically and simultaneously segment optic disc , fovea and blood vessels . fundus images were normalised before segmentation was performed to enforce consistency in background lighting and contrast . for every effective point in the fundus image , our algorithm extracted three channels of input from the neighbourhood of the point and forwa ←
→ incremental kernel pca and the nyström method ; incremental versions of batch algorithms are often desired , for increased time efficiency in the streaming data setting , or increased memory efficiency in general . in this paper we present a novel algorithm for incremental kernel pca , based on rank one updates to the eigendecomposition of the kernel matrix , which is more computationally efficient than comparable existing algorithms . we extend our algorithm to incremental calculation of the nystr \" om approximat ←
→ proactive algorithms for job shop scheduling with probabilistic durations ; most classical scheduling formulations assume a fixed and known duration for each activity . in this paper , we weaken this assumption , requiring instead that each duration can be represented by an independent random variable with a known mean and variance . the best solutions are ones which have a high probability of achieving a good makespan . we first create a theoretical framework , formally showing how monte carlo simulation can b ←
→ a study on classification in imbalanced and partially - labelled data streams ; the domain of radio astronomy is currently facing significant computational challenges , foremost amongst which are those posed by the development of the world ' s largest radio telescope , the square kilometre array ( ska ). preliminary specifications for this instrument suggest that the final design will incorporate between 2000 and 3000 individual 15 metre receiving dishes , which together can be expected to produce a data rate of m ←
→ mining associated text and images with dual - wing harmoniums ; we propose a multi - wing harmonium model for mining multimedia data that extends and improves on earlier models based on two - layer random fields , which capture bidirectional dependencies between hidden topic aspects and observed inputs . this model can be viewed as an undirected counterpart of the two - layer directed models such as lda for similar tasks , but bears significant difference in inference / learning cost tradeoffs , latent topic representati ←
→ bayesian hypernetworks ; we propose bayesian hypernetworks : a framework for approximate bayesian inference in neural networks . a bayesian hypernetwork , $ h $, is a neural network which learns to transform a simple noise distribution , $ p (\ epsilon ) = \ mathcal { n }( 0 , i )$, to a distribution $ q (\ theta ) \ doteq q ( h (\ epsilon ))$ over the parameters $\ theta $ of another neural network ( the " primary network "). we train $ q $ with variational inference , using an invertible $ h $ to enable efficient estimation of the variational ←
→ creatism : a deep - learning photographer capable of creating professional work ; machine - learning excels in many areas with well - defined goals . however , a clear goal is usually not available in art forms , such as photography . the success of a photograph is measured by its aesthetic value , a very subjective concept . this adds to the challenge for a machine learning approach . we introduce creatism , a deep - learning system for artistic content creation . in our system , we break down aesthetics into multiple as ←
→ building proteins in a day : efficient 3d molecular reconstruction ; discovering the 3d atomic structure of molecules such as proteins and viruses is a fundamental research problem in biology and medicine . electron cryomicroscopy ( cryo - em ) is a promising vision - based technique for structure estimation which attempts to reconstruct 3d structures from 2d images . this paper addresses the challenging problem of 3d reconstruction from 2d cryo - em images . a new framework for estimation is introduced which relies on ←
→ metacontrol for adaptive imagination - based optimization ; many machine learning systems are built to solve the hardest examples of a particular task , which often makes them large and expensive to run --- especially with respect to the easier examples , which might require much less computation . for an agent with a limited computational budget , this " one - size - fits - all " approach may result in the agent wasting valuable computation on easy examples , while not spending enough on hard examples . rather than learning ←
→ semi - supervised sparse representation based classification for face recognition with insufficient labeled samples ; this paper addresses the problem of face recognition when there is only few , or even only a single , labeled examples of the face that we wish to recognize . moreover , these examples are typically corrupted by nuisance variables , both linear ( i . e ., additive nuisance variables such as bad lighting , wearing of glasses ) and non - linear ( i . e ., non - additive pixel - wise nuisance variables such as expr ←
→ bayesian inference and learning in gaussian process state - space models with particle mcmc ; state - space models are successfully used in many areas of science , engineering and economics to model time series and dynamical systems . we present a fully bayesian approach to inference \ emph { and learning } ( i . e . state estimation and system identification ) in nonlinear nonparametric state - space models . we place a gaussian process prior over the state transition dynamics , resulting in a flexible model able to captur ←
→ deep watershed transform for instance segmentation ; most contemporary approaches to instance segmentation use complex pipelines involving conditional random fields , recurrent neural networks , object proposals , or template matching schemes . in our paper , we present a simple yet powerful end - to - end convolutional neural network to tackle this task . our approach combines intuitions from the classical watershed transform and modern deep learning to produce an energy map of the image where object instances are u ←
→ uncovering protein interaction in abstracts and text using a novel linear model and word proximity networks ; we participated in three of the protein - protein interaction subtasks of the second biocreative challenge : classification of abstracts relevant for protein - protein interaction ( ias ), discovery of protein pairs ( ips ) and text passages characterizing protein interaction ( iss ) in full text documents . we approached the abstract classification task with a novel , lightweight linear model inspired by spam ←
→ development and transcription of assamese speech corpus ; a balanced speech corpus is the basic need for any speech processing task . in this report we describe our effort on development of assamese speech corpus . we mainly focused on some issues and challenges faced during development of the corpus . being a less computationally aware language , this is the first effort to develop speech corpus for assamese . as corpus development is an ongoing process , in this paper we report only the initial task .←
→ efficient point - to - subspace query in $\ ell ^ 1 $ with application to robust object instance recognition ; motivated by vision tasks such as robust face and object recognition , we consider the following general problem : given a collection of low - dimensional linear subspaces in a high - dimensional ambient ( image ) space , and a query point ( image ), efficiently determine the nearest subspace to the query in $\ ell ^ 1 $ distance . in contrast to the naive exhaustive search which entails large - scale linear programs , we ←
→ convolutional neural networks for font classification ; classifying pages or text lines into font categories aids transcription because single font optical character recognition ( ocr ) is generally more accurate than omni - font ocr . we present a simple framework based on convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), where a cnn is trained to classify small patches of text into predefined font classes . to classify page or line images , we average the cnn predictions over densely extracted patches . we show that this met ←
→ comparative study of histogram distance measures for re - identification ; color based re - identification methods usually rely on a distance function to measure the similarity between individuals . in this paper we study the behavior of several histogram distance measures in different color spaces . we wonder whether there is a particular histogram distance measure better than others , likewise also , if there is a color space that present better discrimination features . several experiments are designed and evalua ←
→ concurrent pump scheduling and storage level optimization using meta - models and evolutionary algorithms ; in spite of the growing computational power offered by the commodity hardware , fast pump scheduling of complex water distribution systems is still a challenge . in this paper , the artificial neural network ( ann ) meta - modeling technique has been employed with a genetic algorithm ( ga ) for simultaneously optimizing the pump operation and the tank levels at the ends of the cycle . the generalized ga + ann alg ←
→ towards verified artificial intelligence ; verified artificial intelligence ( ai ) is the goal of designing ai - based systems that are provably correct with respect to mathematically - specified requirements . this paper considers verified ai from a formal methods perspective . we describe five challenges for achieving verified ai , and five corresponding principles for addressing these challenges .←
→ image colorization with generative adversarial networks ; over the last decade , the process of automatic colorization had been studied thoroughly due to its vast application such as colorization of grayscale images and restoration of aged and / or degraded images . this problem is highly ill - posed due to the extremely large degrees of freedom during the assignment of color information . many of the recent developments in automatic colorization involved images that contained a common theme throughout training , a ←
→ learning chained deep features and classifiers for cascade in object detection ; cascade is a widely used approach that rejects obvious negative samples at early stages for learning better classifier and faster inference . this paper presents chained cascade network ( cc - net ). in this cc - net , the cascaded classifier at a stage is aided by the classification scores in previous stages . feature chaining is further proposed so that the feature learning for the current cascade stage uses the features in previous ←
→ semi - supervised collective classification via hybrid label regularization ; many classification problems involve data instances that are interlinked with each other , such as webpages connected by hyperlinks . techniques for " collective classification " ( cc ) often increase accuracy for such data graphs , but usually require a fully - labeled training graph . in contrast , we examine how to improve the semi - supervised learning of cc models when given only a sparsely - labeled graph , a common situation . we first desc ←
→ a direct estimation of high dimensional stationary vector autoregressions ; the vector autoregressive ( var ) model is a powerful tool in modeling complex time series and has been exploited in many fields . however , fitting high dimensional var model poses some unique challenges : on one hand , the dimensionality , caused by modeling a large number of time series and higher order autoregressive processes , is usually much higher than the time series length ; on the other hand , the temporal dependence structure in ←
→ perceptual losses for real - time style transfer and super - resolution ; we consider image transformation problems , where an input image is transformed into an output image . recent methods for such problems typically train feed - forward convolutional neural networks using a \ emph { per - pixel } loss between the output and ground - truth images . parallel work has shown that high - quality images can be generated by defining and optimizing \ emph { perceptual } loss functions based on high - level features extracted from pretr ←
→ license plate recognition system based on color coding of license plates ; license plate recognition systems are used to determine the license plate number of a vehicle . the current system mainly uses optical character recognition to recognize the number plate . there are several problems to this system . some of them include interchanging of several letters or numbers ( letter o with digit 0 ), difficulty in localizing the license plate , high error rate , use of different fonts in license plates etc . so a new s ←
→ studying invariances of trained convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) define an exceptionally powerful class of models for image classification , but the theoretical background and the understanding of how invariances to certain transformations are learned is limited . in a large scale screening with images modified by different affine and nonaffine transformations of varying magnitude , we analyzed the behavior of the cnn architectures alexnet and resnet . if the magnitude of dif ←
→ overcomplete dictionary learning with jacobi atom updates ; dictionary learning for sparse representations is traditionally approached with sequential atom updates , in which an optimized atom is used immediately for the optimization of the next atoms . we propose instead a jacobi version , in which groups of atoms are updated independently , in parallel . extensive numerical evidence for sparse image representation shows that the parallel algorithms , especially when all atoms are updated simultaneously , give be ←
→ enterprise to computer : star trek chatbot ; human interactions and human - computer interactions are strongly influenced by style as well as content . adding a persona to a chatbot makes it more human - like and contributes to a better and more engaging user experience . in this work , we propose a design for a chatbot that captures the " style " of star trek by incorporating references from the show along with peculiar tones of the fictional characters therein . our enterprise to computer bot ( e2cbot ) treats star tr ←
→ pooling homogeneous ensembles to build heterogeneous ensembles ; in ensemble methods , the outputs of a collection of diverse classifiers are combined in the expectation that the global prediction be more accurate than the individual ones . heterogeneous ensembles consist of predictors of different types , which are likely to have different biases . if these biases are complementary , the combination of their decisions is beneficial . in this work , a family of heterogeneous ensembles is built by pooling classifie ←
→ real - time deep hair matting on mobile devices ; augmented reality is an emerging technology in many application domains . among them is the beauty industry , where live virtual try - on of beauty products is of great importance . in this paper , we address the problem of live hair color augmentation . to achieve this goal , hair needs to be segmented quickly and accurately . we show how a modified mobilenet cnn architecture can be used to segment the hair in real - time . instead of training this network using large am ←
→ globally - optimal inlier set maximisation for simultaneous camera pose and feature correspondence ; estimating the 6 - dof pose of a camera from a single image relative to a pre - computed 3d point - set is an important task for many computer vision applications . perspective - n - point ( pnp ) solvers are routinely used for camera pose estimation , provided that a good quality set of 2d - 3d feature correspondences are known beforehand . however , finding optimal correspondences between 2d key - points and a 3d point - set is ←
→ minlip for the identification of monotone wiener systems ; this paper studies the minlip estimator for the identification of wiener systems consisting of a sequence of a linear fir dynamical model , and a monotonically increasing ( or decreasing ) static function . given $ t $ observations , this algorithm boils down to solving a convex quadratic program with $ o ( t )$ variables and inequality constraints , implementing an inference technique which is based entirely on model complexity control . the resulting estimates ←
→ macroblock classification method for video applications involving motions ; in this paper , a macroblock classification method is proposed for various video processing applications involving motions . based on the analysis of the motion vector field in the compressed video , we propose to classify macroblocks of each video frame into different classes and use this class information to describe the frame content . we demonstrate that this low - computation - complexity method can efficiently catch the characterist ←
→ quantifying literature quality using complexity criteria ; we measured entropy and symbolic diversity for english and spanish texts including literature nobel laureates and other famous authors . entropy , symbol diversity and symbol frequency profiles were compared for these four groups . we also built a scale sensitive to the quality of writing and evaluated its relationship with the flesch ' s readability index for english and the szigriszt ' s perspicuity index for spanish . results suggest a correlation betwee ←
→ deconstructing the ladder network architecture ; the manual labeling of data is and will remain a costly endeavor . for this reason , semi - supervised learning remains a topic of practical importance . the recently proposed ladder network is one such approach that has proven to be very successful . in addition to the supervised objective , the ladder network also adds an unsupervised objective corresponding to the reconstruction costs of a stack of denoising autoencoders . although the empirical results are impres ←
→ robust tracking using region proposal networks ; recent advances in visual tracking showed that deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) trained for image classification can be strong feature extractors for discriminative trackers . however , due to the drastic difference between image classification and tracking , extra treatments such as model ensemble and feature engineering must be carried out to bridge the two domains . such procedures are either time consuming or hard to generalize well across datasets . i ←
→ a formal framework for linguistic annotation ; ` linguistic annotation ' covers any descriptive or analytic notations applied to raw language data . the basic data may be in the form of time functions -- audio , video and / or physiological recordings -- or it may be textual . the added notations may include transcriptions of all sorts ( from phonetic features to discourse structures ), part - of - speech and sense tagging , syntactic analysis , ` named entity ' identification , co - reference annotation , and so on . while ther ←
→ mining tree - query associations in graphs ; new applications of data mining , such as in biology , bioinformatics , or sociology , are faced with large datasetsstructured as graphs . we introduce a novel class of tree - shapedpatterns called tree queries , and present algorithms for miningtree queries and tree - query associations in a large data graph . novel about our class of patterns is that they can containconstants , and can contain existential nodes which are not counted when determining the number of occurrences ←
→ super - samples from kernel herding ; we extend the herding algorithm to continuous spaces by using the kernel trick . the resulting " kernel herding " algorithm is an infinite memory deterministic process that learns to approximate a pdf with a collection of samples . we show that kernel herding decreases the error of expectations of functions in the hilbert space at a rate o ( 1 / t ) which is much faster than the usual o ( 1 / pt ) for iid random samples . we illustrate kernel herding by approximating bayesian predictive ←
→ what can we learn from slow self - avoiding adaptive walks by an infinite radius search algorithm ? ; slow self - avoiding adaptive walks by an infinite radius search algorithm ( limax ) are analyzed as themselves , and as the network they form . the study is conducted on several nk problems and two hiff problems . we find that examination of such " slacker " walks and networks can indicate relative search difficulty within a family of problems , help identify potential local optima , and detect presence of structure i ←
→ an landcover fuzzy logic classification by maximumlikelihood ; in present days remote sensing is most used application in many sectors . this remote sensing uses different images like multispectral , hyper spectral or ultra spectral . the remote sensing image classification is one of the significant method to classify image . in this state we classify the maximum likelihood classification with fuzzy logic . in this we experimenting fuzzy logic like spatial , spectral texture methods in that different sub methods ←
→ probabilistic backpropagation for scalable learning of bayesian neural networks ; large multilayer neural networks trained with backpropagation have recently achieved state - of - the - art results in a wide range of problems . however , using backprop for neural net learning still has some disadvantages , e . g ., having to tune a large number of hyperparameters to the data , lack of calibrated probabilistic predictions , and a tendency to overfit the training data . in principle , the bayesian approach to learning neur ←
→ acquiring receptive morphology : a connectionist model ; this paper describes a modular connectionist model of the acquisition of receptive inflectional morphology . the model takes inputs in the form of phones one at a time and outputs the associated roots and inflections . simulations using artificial language stimuli demonstrate the capacity of the model to learn suffixation , prefixation , infixation , circumfixation , mutation , template , and deletion rules . separate network modules responsible for syllables e ←
→ canonical polyadic decomposition with auxiliary information for brain computer interface ; physiological signals are often organized in the form of multiple dimensions ( e . g ., channel , time , task , and 3d voxel ), so it is better to preserve original organization structure when processing . unlike vector - based methods that destroy data structure , canonical polyadic decomposition ( cpd ) aims to process physiological signals in the form of multi - way array , which considers relationships between dimensions and pre ←
→ the placement of the head that minimizes online memory : a complex systems approach ; it is well known that the length of a syntactic dependency determines its online memory cost . thus , the problem of the placement of a head and its dependents ( complements or modifiers ) that minimizes online memory is equivalent to the problem of the minimum linear arrangement of a star tree . however , how that length is translated into cognitive cost is not known . this study shows that the online memory cost is minimized w ←
→ low resourced machine translation via morpho - syntactic modeling : the case of dialectal arabic ; we present the second ever evaluated arabic dialect - to - dialect machine translation effort , and the first to leverage external resources beyond a small parallel corpus . the subject has not previously received serious attention due to lack of naturally occurring parallel data ; yet its importance is evidenced by dialectal arabic ' s wide usage and breadth of inter - dialect variation , comparable to that of romance lan ←
→ cardea : context - aware visual privacy protection from pervasive cameras ; the growing popularity of mobile and wearable devices with built - in cameras , the bright prospect of camera related applications such as augmented reality and life - logging system , the increased ease of taking and sharing photos , and advances in computer vision techniques have greatly facilitated people ' s lives in many aspects , but have also inevitably raised people ' s concerns about visual privacy at the same time . motivated by recent us ←
→ real - time web scale event summarization using sequential decision making ; we present a system based on sequential decision making for the online summarization of massive document streams , such as those found on the web . given an event of interest ( e . g . " boston marathon bombing "), our system is able to filter the stream for relevance and produce a series of short text updates describing the event as it unfolds over time . unlike previous work , our approach is able to jointly model the relevance , comprehensiv ←
→ fano schemes of generic intersections and machine learning ; we investigate fano schemes of conditionally generic intersections , i . e . of hypersurfaces in projective space chosen generically up to additional conditions . via a correspondence between generic properties of algebraic varieties and events in probability spaces that occur with probability one , we use the obtained results on fano schemes to solve a problem in machine learning .←
→ max - cost discrete function evaluation problem under a budget ; we propose novel methods for max - cost discrete function evaluation problem ( dfep ) under budget constraints . we are motivated by applications such as clinical diagnosis where a patient is subjected to a sequence of ( possibly expensive ) tests before a decision is made . our goal is to develop strategies for minimizing max - costs . the problem is known to be np hard and greedy methods based on specialized impurity functions have been proposed . we deve ←
→ rex : an efficient rule generator ; this paper describes an efficient algorithm rex for generating symbolic rules from artificial neural network ( ann ). classification rules are sought in many areas from automatic knowledge acquisition to data mining and ann rule extraction . this is because classification rules possess some attractive features . they are explicit , understandable and verifiable by domain experts , and can be modified , extended and passed on as modular knowledge . rex exploits the first order info ←
→ joint geometrical and statistical alignment for visual domain adaptation ; this paper presents a novel unsupervised domain adaptation method for cross - domain visual recognition . we propose a unified framework that reduces the shift between domains both statistically and geometrically , referred to as joint geometrical and statistical alignment ( jgsa ). specifically , we learn two coupled projections that project the source domain and target domain data into low dimensional subspaces where the geometrical shift ←
→ on deep representation learning from noisy web images ; the keep - growing content of web images may be the next important data source to scale up deep neural networks , which recently obtained a great success in the imagenet classification challenge and related tasks . this prospect , however , has not been validated on convolutional networks ( convnet ) -- one of best performing deep models -- because of their supervised regime . while unsupervised alternatives are not so good as convnet in generalizing the learne ←
→ spicymkl ; we propose a new optimization algorithm for multiple kernel learning ( mkl ) called spicymkl , which is applicable to general convex loss functions and general types of regularization . the proposed spicymkl iteratively solves smooth minimization problems . thus , there is no need of solving svm , lp , or qp internally . spicymkl can be viewed as a proximal minimization method and converges super - linearly . the cost of inner minimization is roughly proportional to the number of active kernels . therefore , w ←
→ is this word borrowed ? an automatic approach to quantify the likeliness of borrowing in social media ; code - mixing or code - switching are the effortless phenomena of natural switching between two or more languages in a single conversation . use of a foreign word in a language ; however , does not necessarily mean that the speaker is code - switching because often languages borrow lexical items from other languages . if a word is borrowed , it becomes a part of the lexicon of a language ; whereas , during code - switc ←
→ online convex optimization using predictions ; making use of predictions is a crucial , but under - explored , area of online algorithms . this paper studies a class of online optimization problems where we have external noisy predictions available . we propose a stochastic prediction error model that generalizes prior models in the learning and stochastic control communities , incorporates correlation among prediction errors , and captures the fact that predictions improve as time passes . we prove that achieving s ←
→ multi - language identification using convolutional recurrent neural network ; language identification , being an important aspect of automatic speaker recognition has had many changes and new approaches to ameliorate performance over the last decade . we compare the performance of using audio spectrum in the log scale and using polyphonic sound sequences from raw audio samples to train the neural network and to classify speech as either english or spanish . to achieve this , we use the novel approach of using ←
→ conditional validity of inductive conformal predictors ; conformal predictors are set predictors that are automatically valid in the sense of having coverage probability equal to or exceeding a given confidence level . inductive conformal predictors are a computationally efficient version of conformal predictors satisfying the same property of validity . however , inductive conformal predictors have been only known to control unconditional coverage probability . this paper explores various versions of condition ←
→ on higher order computations and synaptic meta - plasticity in the human brain : it point of view ( june , 2016 ) ; glia modify neuronal connectivity by creating structural changes in the neuronal connectome . glia also influence the functional connectome by modifying the flow of information through neural networks ( fields et al . 2015 ). there are strong experimental evidences that glia are responsible for synaptic meta - plasticity . synaptic plasticity is the modification of the strength of connections between neu ←
→ recurrent neural networks to correct satellite image classification maps ; while initially devised for image categorization , convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are being increasingly used for the pixelwise semantic labeling of images . however , the proper nature of the most common cnn architectures makes them good at recognizing but poor at localizing objects precisely . this problem is magnified in the context of aerial and satellite image labeling , where a spatially fine object outlining is of paramount i ←
→ matrix coherence and the nystrom method ; the nystrom method is an efficient technique to speed up large - scale learning applications by generating low - rank approximations . crucial to the performance of this technique is the assumption that a matrix can be well approximated by working exclusively with a subset of its columns . in this work we relate this assumption to the concept of matrix coherence and connect matrix coherence to the performance of the nystrom method . making use of related work in the compre ←
→ supplementary material for markov equivalence for ancestral graphs ; we prove that the criterion for markov equivalence provided by zhao et al . ( 2005 ) may involve a set of features of a graph that is exponential in the number of vertices .←
→ improved bayesian compression ; compression of neural networks ( nn ) has become a highly studied topic in recent years . the main reason for this is the demand for industrial scale usage of nns such as deploying them on mobile devices , storing them efficiently , transmitting them via band - limited channels and most importantly doing inference at scale . in this work , we propose to join the soft - weight sharing and variational dropout approaches that show strong results to define a new state - of - the - art in terms of ←
→ the information - theoretic and algorithmic approach to human , animal and artificial cognition ; we survey concepts at the frontier of research connecting artificial , animal and human cognition to computation and information processing --- from the turing test to searle ' s chinese room argument , from integrated information theory to computational and algorithmic complexity . we start by arguing that passing the turing test is a trivial computational problem and that its pragmatic difficulty sheds light on the c ←
→ external validity : from do - calculus to transportability across populations ; the generalizability of empirical findings to new environments , settings or populations , often called " external validity ," is essential in most scientific explorations . this paper treats a particular problem of generalizability , called " transportability ," defined as a license to transfer causal effects learned in experimental studies to a new population , in which only observational studies can be conducted . we introduce a formal ←
→ p = np ; we claim to resolve the p =? np problem via a formal argument for p = np .←
→ auto - adaptative laplacian pyramids for high - dimensional data analysis ; non - linear dimensionality reduction techniques such as manifold learning algorithms have become a common way for processing and analyzing high - dimensional patterns that often have attached a target that corresponds to the value of an unknown function . their application to new points consists in two steps : first , embedding the new data point into the low dimensional space and then , estimating the function value on the test point from its ←
→ mixed - membership stochastic block - models for transactional networks ; transactional network data can be thought of as a list of one - to - many communications ( e . g ., email ) between nodes in a social network . most social network models convert this type of data into binary relations between pairs of nodes . we develop a latent mixed membership model capable of modeling richer forms of transactional network data , including relations between more than two nodes . the model can cluster nodes and predict transactions . ←
→ interpretable aircraft engine diagnostic via expert indicator aggregation ; detecting early signs of failures ( anomalies ) in complex systems is one of the main goal of preventive maintenance . it allows in particular to avoid actual failures by ( re ) scheduling maintenance operations in a way that optimizes maintenance costs . aircraft engine health monitoring is one representative example of a field in which anomaly detection is crucial . manufacturers collect large amount of engine related data during flight ←
→ boosting through optimization of margin distributions ; boosting has attracted much research attention in the past decade . the success of boosting algorithms may be interpreted in terms of the margin theory . recently it has been shown that generalization error of classifiers can be obtained by explicitly taking the margin distribution of the training data into account . most of the current boosting algorithms in practice usually optimizes a convex loss function and do not make use of the margin distribution .←
→ runtime guarantees for regression problems ; we study theoretical runtime guarantees for a class of optimization problems that occur in a wide variety of inference problems . these problems are motivated by the lasso framework and have applications in machine learning and computer vision . our work shows a close connection between these problems and core questions in algorithmic graph theory . while this connection demonstrates the difficulties of obtaining runtime guarantees , it also suggests an approach of ←
→ bayesian classification and feature selection from finite data sets ; feature selection aims to select the smallest subset of features for a specified level of performance . the optimal achievable classification performance on a feature subset is summarized by its receiver operating curve ( roc ). when infinite data is available , the neyman - pearson ( np ) design procedure provides the most efficient way of obtaining this curve . in practice the design procedure is applied to density estimates from finite data se ←
→ fast bayesian feature selection for high dimensional linear regression in genomics via the ising approximation ; feature selection , identifying a subset of variables that are relevant for predicting a response , is an important and challenging component of many methods in statistics and machine learning . feature selection is especially difficult and computationally intensive when the number of variables approaches or exceeds the number of samples , as is often the case for many genomic datasets . here , we in ←
→ correlation preserving sparse coding over multi - level dictionaries for image denoising ; in this letter , we propose a novel image denoising method based on correlation preserving sparse coding . because the instable and unreliable correlations among basis set can limit the performance of the dictionary - driven denoising methods , two effective regularized strategies are employed in the coding process . specifically , a graph - based regularizer is built for preserving the global similarity correlations , which ca ←
→ sparse autoencoder for unsupervised nucleus detection and representation in histopathology images ; histopathology images are crucial to the study of complex diseases such as cancer . the histologic characteristics of nuclei play a key role in disease diagnosis , prognosis and analysis . in this work , we propose a sparse convolutional autoencoder ( cae ) for fully unsupervised , simultaneous nucleus detection and feature extraction in histopathology tissue images . our cae detects and encodes nuclei in image pat ←
→ robust pca in high - dimension : a deterministic approach ; we consider principal component analysis for contaminated data - set in the high dimensional regime , where the dimensionality of each observation is comparable or even more than the number of observations . we propose a deterministic high - dimensional robust pca algorithm which inherits all theoretical properties of its randomized counterpart , i . e ., it is tractable , robust to contaminated points , easily kernelizable , asymptotic consistent and achieves max ←
→ graph kernels ; we present a unified framework to study graph kernels , special cases of which include the random walk graph kernel \ citep { gaeflawro03 , borongschvisetal05 }, marginalized graph kernel \ citep { kastsuino03 , kastsuino04 , mahuedakuperetal04 }, and geometric kernel on graphs \ citep { gaertner02 }. through extensions of linear algebra to reproducing kernel hilbert spaces ( rkhs ) and reduction to a sylvester equation , we construct an algorithm that improves the time complexity of kernel computation from $ o ( n ^←
→ service choreography , sbvr , and time ; we propose the use of structured natural language ( english ) in specifying service choreographies , focusing on the what rather than the how of the required coordination of participant services in realising a business application scenario . the declarative approach we propose uses the omg standard semantics of business vocabulary and rules ( sbvr ) as a modelling language . the service choreography approach has been proposed for describing the global orderings of the invocat ←
→ innovation pursuit : a new approach to subspace clustering ; in subspace clustering , a group of data points belonging to a union of subspaces are assigned membership to their respective subspaces . this paper presents a new approach dubbed innovation pursuit ( ipursuit ) to the problem of subspace clustering using a new geometrical idea whereby subspaces are identified based on their relative novelties . we present two frameworks in which the idea of innovation pursuit is used to distinguish the subspaces . under ←
→ learning factor graphs in polynomial time & sample complexity ; we study computational and sample complexity of parameter and structure learning in graphical models . our main result shows that the class of factor graphs with bounded factor size and bounded connectivity can be learned in polynomial time and polynomial number of samples , assuming that the data is generated by a network in this class . this result covers both parameter estimation for a known network structure and structure learning . it implies ←
→ fairness beyond disparate treatment & disparate impact : learning classification without disparate mistreatment ; automated data - driven decision making systems are increasingly being used to assist , or even replace humans in many settings . these systems function by learning from historical decisions , often taken by humans . in order to maximize the utility of these systems ( or , classifiers ), their training involves minimizing the errors ( or , misclassifications ) over the given historical data . however , it is ←
→ considering users ' behaviours in improving the responses of an information base ; in this paper , our aim is to propose a model that helps in the efficient use of an information system by users , within the organization represented by the is , in order to resolve their decisional problems . in other words we want to aid the user within an organization in obtaining the information that corresponds to his needs ( informational needs that result from his decisional problems ). this type of information system is wh ←
→ minimal dependency translation : a framework for computer - assisted translation for under - resourced languages ; this paper introduces minimal dependency translation ( mdt ), an ongoing project to develop a rule - based framework for the creation of rudimentary bilingual lexicon - grammars for machine translation and computer - assisted translation into and out of under - resourced languages as well as initial steps towards an implementation of mdt for english - to - amharic translation . the basic units in mdt , called gro ←
→ artificial decision making under uncertainty in intelligent buildings ; our hypothesis is that by equipping certain agents in a multi - agent system controlling an intelligent building with automated decision support , two important factors will be increased . the first is energy saving in the building . the second is customer value --- how the people in the building experience the effects of the actions of the agents . we give evidence for the truth of this hypothesis through experimental findings related to tools ←
→ constant factor approximation for balanced cut in the pie model ; we propose and study a new semi - random semi - adversarial model for balanced cut , a planted model with permutation - invariant random edges ( pie ). our model is much more general than planted models considered previously . consider a set of vertices v partitioned into two clusters $ l $ and $ r $ of equal size . let $ g $ be an arbitrary graph on $ v $ with no edges between $ l $ and $ r $. let $ e_ { random }$ be a set of edges sampled from an arbitrary permutatio ←
→ a survey on multi - view learning ; in recent years , a great many methods of learning from multi - view data by considering the diversity of different views have been proposed . these views may be obtained from multiple sources or different feature subsets . in trying to organize and highlight similarities and differences between the variety of multi - view learning approaches , we review a number of representative multi - view learning algorithms in different areas and classify them into three groups : 1 ) co - training ,←
→ surprisal - driven zoneout ; we propose a novel method of regularization for recurrent neural networks called suprisal - driven zoneout . in this method , states zoneout ( maintain their previous value rather than updating ), when the suprisal ( discrepancy between the last state ' s prediction and target ) is small . thus regularization is adaptive and input - driven on a per - neuron basis . we demonstrate the effectiveness of this idea by achieving state - of - the - art bits per character of 1 . 31 on the hutter prize wikipedia ←
→ outcome - oriented predictive process monitoring : review and benchmark ; predictive business process monitoring refers to the act of making predictions about the future state of ongoing cases of a business process , based on their incomplete execution traces and logs of historical ( completed ) traces . motivated by the increasingly pervasive availability of fine - grained event data about business process executions , the problem of predictive process monitoring has received substantial attention in the past years .←
→ online learning of dynamic parameters in social networks ; this paper addresses the problem of online learning in a dynamic setting . we consider a social network in which each individual observes a private signal about the underlying state of the world and communicates with her neighbors at each time period . unlike many existing approaches , the underlying state is dynamic , and evolves according to a geometric random walk . we view the scenario as an optimization problem where agents aim to learn the true sta ←
→ learning mixtures of submodular shells with application to document summarization ; we introduce a method to learn a mixture of submodular " shells " in a large - margin setting . a submodular shell is an abstract submodular function that can be instantiated with a ground set and a set of parameters to produce a submodular function . a mixture of such shells can then also be so instantiated to produce a more complex submodular function . what our algorithm learns are the mixture weights over such shells . we prov ←
→ double - sided probing by map of asplund ' s distances using logarithmic image processing in the framework of mathematical morphology ; we establish the link between mathematical morphology and the map of asplund ' s distances between a probe and a grey scale function , using the logarithmic image processing scalar multiplication . we demonstrate that the map is the logarithm of the ratio between a dilation and an erosion of the function by a structuring function : the probe . the dilations and erosions are mapping ←
→ face flashing : a secure liveness detection protocol based on light reflections ; face authentication systems are becoming increasingly prevalent , especially with the rapid development of deep learning technologies . however , human facial information is easy to be captured and reproduced , which makes face authentication systems vulnerable to various attacks . liveness detection is an important defense technique to prevent such attacks , but existing solutions did not provide clear and strong security guarante ←
→ learning invariant riemannian geometric representations using deep nets ; non - euclidean constraints are inherent in many kinds of data in computer vision and machine learning , typically as a result of specific invariance requirements that need to be respected during high - level inference . often , these geometric constraints can be expressed in the language of riemannian geometry , where conventional vector space machine learning does not apply directly . the central question this paper deals with is : how does o ←
→ using parameterized black - box priors to scale up model - based policy search for robotics ; the most data - efficient algorithms for reinforcement learning in robotics are model - based policy search algorithms , which alternate between learning a dynamical model of the robot and optimizing a policy to maximize the expected return given the model and its uncertainties . among the few proposed approaches , the recently introduced black - drops algorithm exploits a black - box optimization algorithm to achieve both high ←
→ learning to schedule deadline - and operator - sensitive tasks ; the use of semi - autonomous and autonomous robotic assistants to aid in care of the elderly is expected to ease the burden on human caretakers , with small - stage testing already occurring in a variety of countries . yet , it is likely that these robots will need to request human assistance via teleoperation when domain expertise is needed for a specific task . as deployment of robotic assistants moves to scale , mapping these requests for human aid to ←
→ crypto - nets : neural networks over encrypted data ; the problem we address is the following : how can a user employ a predictive model that is held by a third party , without compromising private information . for example , a hospital may wish to use a cloud service to predict the readmission risk of a patient . however , due to regulations , the patient ' s medical files cannot be revealed . the goal is to make an inference using the model , without jeopardizing the accuracy of the prediction or the privacy of the dat ←
→ influence diagrams for the optimization of a vehicle speed profile ; influence diagrams are decision theoretic extensions of bayesian networks . they are applied to diverse decision problems . in this paper we apply influence diagrams to the optimization of a vehicle speed profile . we present results of computational experiments in which an influence diagram was used to optimize the speed profile of a formula 1 race car at the silverstone f1 circuit . the computed lap time and speed profiles correspond well to ←
→ fast recurrent fully convolutional networks for direct perception in autonomous driving ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have been shown to perform extremely well at a variety of tasks including subtasks of autonomous driving such as image segmentation and object classification . however , networks designed for these tasks typically require vast quantities of training data and long training periods to converge . we investigate the design rationale behind end - to - end driving network designs by propo ←
→ a variance reduced stochastic newton method ; quasi - newton methods are widely used in practise for convex loss minimization problems . these methods exhibit good empirical performance on a wide variety of tasks and enjoy super - linear convergence to the optimal solution . for large - scale learning problems , stochastic quasi - newton methods have been recently proposed . however , these typically only achieve sub - linear convergence rates and have not been shown to consistently perform well in practice since noisy he ←
→ detecting opinions in tweets ; given the incessant growth of documents describing the opinions of different people circulating on the web , including web 2 . 0 has made it possible to give an opinion on any product in the net . in this paper , we examine the various opinions expressed in the tweets and classify them positive , negative or neutral by using the emoticons for the bayesian method and adjectives and adverbs for the turney ' s method ←
→ deep convolutional framelets : a general deep learning framework for inverse problems ; recently , deep learning approaches with various network architectures have achieved significant performance improvement over existing iterative reconstruction methods in various imaging problems . however , it is still unclear why these deep learning architectures work for specific inverse problems . to address these issues , here we show that the long - searched - for missing link is the convolution framelets for representing ←
→ constraint matrix factorization for space variant psfs field restoration ; context : in large - scale spatial surveys , the point spread function ( psf ) varies across the instrument field of view ( fov ). local measurements of the psfs are given by the isolated stars images . yet , these estimates may not be directly usable for post - processings because of the observational noise and potentially the aliasing . aims : given a set of aliased and noisy stars images from a telescope , we want to estimate well - resolved and n ←
→ review of person re - identification techniques ; person re - identification across different surveillance cameras with disjoint fields of view has become one of the most interesting and challenging subjects in the area of intelligent video surveillance . although several methods have been developed and proposed , certain limitations and unresolved issues remain . in all of the existing re - identification approaches , feature vectors are extracted from segmented still images or video frames . different similarity or ←
→ why does deep and cheap learning work so well ? ; we show how the success of deep learning could depend not only on mathematics but also on physics : although well - known mathematical theorems guarantee that neural networks can approximate arbitrary functions well , the class of functions of practical interest can frequently be approximated through " cheap learning " with exponentially fewer parameters than generic ones . we explore how properties frequently encountered in physics such as symmetry , locality , compo ←
→ resolving conflicting arguments under uncertainties ; distributed knowledge based applications in open domain rely on common sense information which is bound to be uncertain and incomplete . to draw the useful conclusions from ambiguous data , one must address uncertainties and conflicts incurred in a holistic view . no integrated frameworks are viable without an in - depth analysis of conflicts incurred by uncertainties . in this paper , we give such an analysis and based on the result , propose an integrated fram ←
→ see , hear , and read : deep aligned representations ; we capitalize on large amounts of readily - available , synchronous data to learn a deep discriminative representations shared across three major natural modalities : vision , sound and language . by leveraging over a year of sound from video and millions of sentences paired with images , we jointly train a deep convolutional network for aligned representation learning . our experiments suggest that this representation is useful for several tasks , such as cross - mo ←
→ adversarial learning for chinese ner from crowd annotations ; to quickly obtain new labeled data , we can choose crowdsourcing as an alternative way at lower cost in a short time . but as an exchange , crowd annotations from non - experts may be of lower quality than those from experts . in this paper , we propose an approach to performing crowd annotation learning for chinese named entity recognition ( ner ) to make full use of the noisy sequence labels from multiple annotators . inspired by adversarial learning , ou ←
→ a neural network for coordination boundary prediction ; we propose a neural - network based model for coordination boundary prediction . the network is designed to incorporate two signals : the similarity between conjuncts and the observation that replacing the whole coordination phrase with a conjunct tends to produce a coherent sentences . the modeling makes use of several lstm networks . the model is trained solely on conjunction annotations in a treebank , without using external resources . we show improvements ←
→ the true destination of ego is multi - local optimization ; efficient global optimization is a popular algorithm for the optimization of expensive multimodal black - box functions . one important reason for its popularity is its theoretical foundation of global convergence . however , as the budgets in expensive optimization are very small , the asymptotic properties only play a minor role and the algorithm sometimes comes off badly in experimental comparisons . many alternative variants have therefore been proposed ←
→ clothing and people - a social signal processing perspective ; in our society and century , clothing is not anymore used only as a means for body protection . our paper builds upon the evidence , studied within the social sciences , that clothing brings a clear communicative message in terms of social signals , influencing the impression and behaviour of others towards a person . in fact , clothing correlates with personality traits , both in terms of self - assessment and assessments that unacquainted people give to ←
→ the sum - over - forests density index : identifying dense regions in a graph ; this work introduces a novel nonparametric density index defined on graphs , the sum - over - forests ( sof ) density index . it is based on a clear and intuitive idea : high - density regions in a graph are characterized by the fact that they contain a large amount of low - cost trees with high outdegrees while low - density regions contain few ones . therefore , a boltzmann probability distribution on the countable set of forests in the graph is de ←
→ a parallel memory - efficient epistemic logic program solver : harder , better , faster ; as the practical use of answer set programming ( asp ) has grown with the development of efficient solvers , we expect a growing interest in extensions of asp as their semantics stabilize and solvers supporting them mature . epistemic specifications , which adds modal operators k and m to the language of asp , is one such extension . we call a program in this language an epistemic logic program ( elp ). solvers have thus far been ←
→ learning scene - specific object detectors based on a generative - discriminative model with minimal supervision ; one object class may show large variations due to diverse illuminations , backgrounds and camera viewpoints . traditional object detection methods often perform worse under unconstrained video environments . to address this problem , many modern approaches model deep hierarchical appearance representations for object detection . most of these methods require a timeconsuming training process on large m ←
→ biologically inspired protection of deep networks from adversarial attacks ; inspired by biophysical principles underlying nonlinear dendritic computation in neural circuits , we develop a scheme to train deep neural networks to make them robust to adversarial attacks . our scheme generates highly nonlinear , saturated neural networks that achieve state of the art performance on gradient based adversarial examples on mnist , despite never being exposed to adversarially chosen examples during training . moreove ←
→ a particle - based variational approach to bayesian non - negative matrix factorization ; bayesian non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) is a promising approach for understanding uncertainty and structure in matrix data . however , a large volume of applied work optimizes traditional non - bayesian nmf objectives that fail to provide a principled understanding of the non - identifiability inherent in nmf -- an issue ideally addressed by a bayesian approach . despite their suitability , current bayesian nmf approache ←
→ safedrive : a robust lane tracking system for autonomous and assisted driving under limited visibility ; we present an approach towards robust lane tracking for assisted and autonomous driving , particularly under poor visibility . autonomous detection of lane markers improves road safety , and purely visual tracking is desirable for widespread vehicle compatibility and reducing sensor intrusion , cost , and energy consumption . however , visual approaches are often ineffective because of a number of factors , inc ←
→ smoothing parameter estimation framework for ibm word alignment models ; ibm models are very important word alignment models in machine translation . following the maximum likelihood estimation principle to estimate their parameters , the models will easily overfit the training data when the data are sparse . while smoothing is a very popular solution in language model , there still lacks studies on smoothing for word alignment . in this paper , we propose a framework which generalizes the notable work moore [ 200 ←
→ a guide to convolution arithmetic for deep learning ; we introduce a guide to help deep learning practitioners understand and manipulate convolutional neural network architectures . the guide clarifies the relationship between various properties ( input shape , kernel shape , zero padding , strides and output shape ) of convolutional , pooling and transposed convolutional layers , as well as the relationship between convolutional and transposed convolutional layers . relationships are derived for various cases , and ←
→ deep reinforcement learning with attention for slate markov decision processes with high - dimensional states and actions ; many real - world problems come with action spaces represented as feature vectors . although high - dimensional control is a largely unsolved problem , there has recently been progress for modest dimensionalities . here we report on a successful attempt at addressing problems of dimensionality as high as $ 2000 $, of a particular form . motivated by important applications such as recommendation ←
→ single image 3d interpreter network ; understanding 3d object structure from a single image is an important but difficult task in computer vision , mostly due to the lack of 3d object annotations in real images . previous work tackles this problem by either solving an optimization task given 2d keypoint positions , or training on synthetic data with ground truth 3d information . in this work , we propose 3d interpreter network ( 3d - inn ), an end - to - end framework which sequentially estimates 2d keypoint heatmaps an ←
→ compilation of propositional weighted bases ; in this paper , we investigate the extent to which knowledge compilation can be used to improve inference from propositional weighted bases . we present a general notion of compilation of a weighted base that is parametrized by any equivalence -- preserving compilation function . both negative and positive results are presented . on the one hand , complexity results are identified , showing that the inference problem from a compiled weighted base is as difficult as in t ←
→ the algorithmic inflection of russian and generation of grammatically correct text ; we present a deterministic algorithm for russian inflection . this algorithm is implemented in a publicly available web - service www . passare . ru which provides functions for inflection of single words , word matching and synthesis of grammatically correct russian text . the inflectional functions have been tested against the annotated corpus of russian language opencorpora .←
→ learning heterogeneous similarity measures for hybrid - recommendations in meta - mining ; the notion of meta - mining has appeared recently and extends the traditional meta - learning in two ways . first it does not learn meta - models that provide support only for the learning algorithm selection task but ones that support the whole data - mining process . in addition it abandons the so called black - box approach to algorithm description followed in meta - learning . now in addition to the datasets , algorithms also have ←
→ some aspects of testing process for transport streams in digital video broadcasting ; this paper presents some aspects related to the dvb ( digital video broadcasting ) investigation . the basic aspects of dvb are presented , with an emphasis on dvb - t version of standard . the main purpose of this research is to analyze the way that the transmission of the transport streams is realized in case of the terrestrial digital video broadcasting ( dvb - t ). to accomplish this , first , digital video broadcasting standard ←
→ automatic face recognition system based on local fourier - bessel features ; we present an automatic face verification system inspired by known properties of biological systems . in the proposed algorithm the whole image is converted from the spatial to polar frequency domain by a fourier - bessel transform ( fbt ). using the whole image is compared to the case where only face image regions ( local analysis ) are considered . the resulting representations are embedded in a dissimilarity space , where each image is rep ←
→ sequential relevance maximization with binary feedback ; motivated by online settings where users can provide explicit feedback about the relevance of products that are sequentially presented to them , we look at the recommendation process as a problem of dynamically optimizing this relevance feedback . such an algorithm optimizes the fine tradeoff between presenting the products that are most likely to be relevant , and learning the preferences of the user so that more relevant recommendations can be made in ←
→ on the relation between the common labelling and the median graph ; in structural pattern recognition , given a set of graphs , the computation of a generalized median graph is a well known problem . some methods approach the problem by assuming a relation between the generalized median graph and the common labelling problem . however , this relation has still not been formally proved . in this paper , we analyse such relation between both problems . the main result proves that the cost of the common labelling uppe ←
→ human communication systems evolve by cultural selection ; human communication systems , such as language , evolve culturally ; their components undergo reproduction and variation . however , a role for selection in cultural evolutionary dynamics is less clear . often neutral evolution ( also known as ' drift ') models , are used to explain the evolution of human communication systems , and cultural evolution more generally . under this account , cultural change is unbiased : for instance , vocabulary , baby names and pott ←
→ disaggregation of remotely sensed soil moisture in heterogeneous landscapes using holistic structure based models ; in this study , a novel machine learning algorithm is presented for disaggregation of satellite soil moisture ( sm ) based on self - regularized regressive models ( srrm ) using high - resolution correlated information from auxiliary sources . it includes regularized clustering that assigns soft memberships to each pixel at fine - scale followed by a kernel regression that computes the value of the desi ←
→ performing highly accurate predictions through convolutional networks for actual telecommunication challenges ; we investigated how the application of deep learning , specifically the use of convolutional networks trained with gpus , can help to build better predictive models in telecommunication business environments , and fill this gap . in particular , we focus on the non - trivial problem of predicting customer churn in telecommunication operators . our model , called wisenet , consists of a convolutional netwo ←
→ products of weighted logic programs ; weighted logic programming , a generalization of bottom - up logic programming , is a well - suited framework for specifying dynamic programming algorithms . in this setting , proofs correspond to the algorithm ' s output space , such as a path through a graph or a grammatical derivation , and are given a real - valued score ( often interpreted as a probability ) that depends on the real weights of the base axioms used in the proof . the desired output is a function over all possible pr ←
→ near - optimal bayesian active learning with noisy observations ; we tackle the fundamental problem of bayesian active learning with noise , where we need to adaptively select from a number of expensive tests in order to identify an unknown hypothesis sampled from a known prior distribution . in the case of noise - free observations , a greedy algorithm called generalized binary search ( gbs ) is known to perform near - optimally . we show that if the observations are noisy , perhaps surprisingly , gbs can perform very p ←
→ manifold regularized slow feature analysis for dynamic texture recognition ; dynamic textures exist in various forms , e . g ., fire , smoke , and traffic jams , but recognizing dynamic texture is challenging due to the complex temporal variations . in this paper , we present a novel approach stemmed from slow feature analysis ( sfa ) for dynamic texture recognition . sfa extracts slowly varying features from fast varying signals . fortunately , sfa is capable to leach invariant representations from dynamic textures . h ←
→ solving non - parametric inverse problem in continuous markov random field using loopy belief propagation ; in this paper , we address the inverse problem , or the statistical machine learning problem , in markov random fields with a non - parametric pair - wise energy function with continuous variables . the inverse problem is formulated by maximum likelihood estimation . the exact treatment of maximum likelihood estimation is intractable because of two problems : ( 1 ) it includes the evaluation of the partition func ←
→ an online unsupervised structural plasticity algorithm for spiking neural networks ; in this article , we propose a novel winner - take - all ( wta ) architecture employing neurons with nonlinear dendrites and an online unsupervised structural plasticity rule for training it . further , to aid hardware implementations , our network employs only binary synapses . the proposed learning rule is inspired by spike time dependent plasticity ( stdp ) but differs for each dendrite based on its activation level . it trains the ←
→ a unified semantic embedding : relating taxonomies and attributes ; we propose a method that learns a discriminative yet semantic space for object categorization , where we also embed auxiliary semantic entities such as supercategories and attributes . contrary to prior work which only utilized them as side information , we explicitly embed the semantic entities into the same space where we embed categories , which enables us to represent a category as their linear combination . by exploiting such a unified model ←
→ learning to design games : strategic environments in deep reinforcement learning ; in typical reinforcement learning ( rl ), the environment is assumed given and the goal of the learning is to identify an optimal policy for the agent taking actions through its interactions with the environment . in this paper , we extend this setting by considering the environment is not given , but controllable and learnable through its interaction with the agent at the same time . theoretically , we find a dual markov decision ←
→ threshold based indexing of commercial shoe print to create reference and recovery images ; one of the important evidence in a crime scene that is normally overlooked but very important evidence is shoe print as the criminal is normally unaware of the mask for this . in this paper we use image processing technique to process reference shoe images to make it index - able for a search from the database the shoe print impressions available in the commercial market . this is achieved first by converting the comme ←
→ learning efficient point cloud generation for dense 3d object reconstruction ; conventional methods of 3d object generative modeling learn volumetric predictions using deep networks with 3d convolutional operations , which are direct analogies to classical 2d ones . however , these methods are computationally wasteful in attempt to predict 3d shapes , where information is rich only on the surfaces . in this paper , we propose a novel 3d generative modeling framework to efficiently generate object shapes in the ←
→ regularising non - linear models using feature side - information ; very often features come with their own vectorial descriptions which provide detailed information about their properties . we refer to these vectorial descriptions as feature side - information . in the standard learning scenario , input is represented as a vector of features and the feature side - information is most often ignored or used only for feature selection prior to model fitting . we believe that feature side - information which carries informa ←
→ sharing hash codes for multiple purposes ; locality sensitive hashing ( lsh ) is a powerful tool for sublinear - time approximate nearest neighbor search , and a variety of hashing schemes have been proposed for different dissimilarity measures . however , hash codes significantly depend on the dissimilarity , which prohibits users from adjusting the dissimilarity at query time . in this paper , we propose { multiple purpose lsh ( mp - lsh ) which shares the hash codes for different dissimilarities . mp - lsh supports l2 , co ←
→ learning probabilistic hierarchical task networks to capture user preferences ; we propose automatically learning probabilistic hierarchical task networks ( phtns ) in order to capture a user ' s preferences on plans , by observing only the user ' s behavior . htns are a common choice of representation for a variety of purposes in planning , including work on learning in planning . our contributions are ( a ) learning structure and ( b ) representing preferences . in contrast , prior work employing htns considers learnin ←
→ person search with natural language description ; searching persons in large - scale image databases with the query of natural language description has important applications in video surveillance . existing methods mainly focused on searching persons with image - based or attribute - based queries , which have major limitations for a practical usage . in this paper , we study the problem of person search with natural language description . given the textual description of a person , the algorithm of the person search ←
→ exploration for multi - task reinforcement learning with deep generative models ; exploration in multi - task reinforcement learning is critical in training agents to deduce the underlying mdp . many of the existing exploration frameworks such as $ e ^ 3 $, $ r_ { max }$, thompson sampling assume a single stationary mdp and are not suitable for system identification in the multi - task setting . we present a novel method to facilitate exploration in multi - task reinforcement learning using deep generative models . we suppl ←
→ bayesian exponential family projections for coupled data sources ; exponential family extensions of principal component analysis ( epca ) have received a considerable amount of attention in recent years , demonstrating the growing need for basic modeling tools that do not assume the squared loss or gaussian distribution . we extend the epca model toolbox by presenting the first exponential family multi - view learning methods of the partial least squares and canonical correlation analysis , based on a unified repr ←
→ gaussian mixture reduction using reverse kullback - leibler divergence ; we propose a greedy mixture reduction algorithm which is capable of pruning mixture components as well as merging them based on the kullback - leibler divergence ( kld ). the algorithm is distinct from the well - known runnalls ' kld based method since it is not restricted to merging operations . the capability of pruning ( in addition to merging ) gives the algorithm the ability of preserving the peaks of the original mixture during the reduction ←
→ neural lattice - to - sequence models for uncertain inputs ; the input to a neural sequence - to - sequence model is often determined by an up - stream system , e . g . a word segmenter , part of speech tagger , or speech recognizer . these up - stream models are potentially error - prone . representing inputs through word lattices allows making this uncertainty explicit by capturing alternative sequences and their posterior probabilities in a compact form . in this work , we extend the treelstm ( tai et al ., 2015 ) into a latticels ←
→ artificial intelligence as structural estimation : economic interpretations of deep blue , bonanza , and alphago ; artificial intelligence ( ai ) has achieved superhuman performance in a growing number of tasks , but understanding and explaining ai remain challenging . this paper clarifies the connections between machine - learning algorithms to develop ais and the econometrics of dynamic structural models through the case studies of three famous game ais . chess - playing deep blue is a calibrated value function , wh ←
→ classifying unordered feature sets with convolutional deep averaging networks ; unordered feature sets are a nonstandard data structure that traditional neural networks are incapable of addressing in a principled manner . providing a concatenation of features in an arbitrary order may lead to the learning of spurious patterns or biases that do not actually exist . another complication is introduced if the number of features varies between each set . we propose convolutional deep averaging networks ( cdans ) fo ←
→ graph - based approaches to clustering network - constrained trajectory data ; clustering trajectory data attracted considerable attention in the last few years . most of prior work assumed that moving objects can move freely in an euclidean space and did not consider the eventual presence of an underlying road network and its influence on evaluating the similarity between trajectories . in this paper , we present an approach to clustering such network - constrained trajectory data . more precisely we aim at discover ←
→ a model for safety case confidence assessment ; building a safety case is a common approach to make expert judgement explicit about safety of a system . the issue of confidence in such argumentation is still an open research field . providing quantitative estimation of confidence is an interesting approach to manage complexity of arguments . this paper explores the main current approaches , and proposes a new model for quantitative confidence estimation based on belief theory for its definition , and on bayesian ←
→ kill two birds with one stone : weakly - supervised neural network for image annotation and tag refinement ; the number of social images has exploded by the wide adoption of social networks , and people like to share their comments about them . these comments can be a description of the image , or some objects , attributes , scenes in it , which are normally used as the user - provided tags . however , it is well - known that user - provided tags are incomplete and imprecise to some extent . directly using them can damage ←
→ decomposable problems , niching , and scalability of multiobjective estimation of distribution algorithms ; the paper analyzes the scalability of multiobjective estimation of distribution algorithms ( moedas ) on a class of boundedly - difficult additively - separable multiobjective optimization problems . the paper illustrates that even if the linkage is correctly identified , massive multimodality of the search problems can easily overwhelm the nicher and lead to exponential scale - up . facetwise models are subsequ ←
→ a statistical model for word discovery in transcribed speech ; a statistical model for segmentation and word discovery in continuous speech is presented . an incremental unsupervised learning algorithm to infer word boundaries based on this model is described . results of empirical tests showing that the algorithm is competitive with other models that have been used for similar tasks are also presented .←
→ feature reinforcement learning in practice ; following a recent surge in using history - based methods for resolving perceptual aliasing in reinforcement learning , we introduce an algorithm based on the feature reinforcement learning framework called phimdp . to create a practical algorithm we devise a stochastic search procedure for a class of context trees based on parallel tempering and a specialized proposal distribution . we provide the first empirical evaluation for phimdp . our proposed algorithm achieves ←
→ localization under topological uncertainty for lane identification of autonomous vehicles ; autonomous vehicles ( avs ) require accurate metric and topological location estimates for safe , effective navigation and decision - making . although many high - definition ( hd ) roadmaps exist , they are not always accurate since public roads are dynamic , shaped unpredictably by both human activity and nature . thus , avs must be able to handle situations in which the topology specified by the map does not agree with realit ←
→ fast planning in stochastic games ; stochastic games generalize markov decision processes ( mdps ) to a multiagent setting by allowing the state transitions to depend jointly on all player actions , and having rewards determined by multiplayer matrix games at each state . we consider the problem of computing nash equilibria in stochastic games , the analogue of planning in mdps . we begin by providing a generalization of finite - horizon value iteration that computes a nash strategy for each player in generalsum st ←
→ hinge - loss markov random fields and probabilistic soft logic ; a fundamental challenge in developing high - impact machine learning technologies is balancing the need to model rich , structured domains with the ability to scale to big data . many important problem areas are both richly structured and large scale , from social and biological networks , to knowledge graphs and the web , to images , video , and natural language . in this paper , we introduce two new formalisms for modeling structured data , and show that ←
→ the 2015 sheffield system for transcription of multi - genre broadcast media ; we describe the university of sheffield system for participation in the 2015 multi - genre broadcast ( mgb ) challenge task of transcribing multi - genre broadcast shows . transcription was one of four tasks proposed in the mgb challenge , with the aim of advancing the state of the art of automatic speech recognition , speaker diarisation and automatic alignment of subtitles for broadcast media . four topics are investigated in this work : ←
→ clustering by compression ; we present a new method for clustering based on compression . the method doesn ' t use subject - specific features or background knowledge , and works as follows : first , we determine a universal similarity distance , the normalized compression distance or ncd , computed from the lengths of compressed data files ( singly and in pairwise concatenation ). second , we apply a hierarchical clustering method . the ncd is universal in that it is not restricted to a specific application area , and wo ←
→ very short literature survey from supervised learning to surrogate modeling ; the past century was era of linear systems . either systems ( especially industrial ones ) were simple ( quasi ) linear or linear approximations were accurate enough . in addition , just at the ending decades of the century profusion of computing devices were available , before then due to lack of computational resources it was not easy to evaluate available nonlinear system studies . at the moment both these two conditions changed , syste ←
→ a computer vision system to localize and classify wastes on the streets ; littering quantification is an important step for improving cleanliness of cities . when human interpretation is too cumbersome or in some cases impossible , an objective index of cleanliness could reduce the littering by awareness actions . in this paper , we present a fully automated computer vision application for littering quantification based on images taken from the streets and sidewalks . we have employed a deep learning based frame ←
→ unibuckernel : a kernel - based learning method for complex word identification ; in this paper , we present a kernel - based learning approach for the 2018 complex word identification ( cwi ) shared task . our approach is based on combining multiple low - level features , such as character n - grams , with high - level semantic features that are either automatically learned using word embeddings or extracted from a lexical knowledge base , namely wordnet . after feature extraction , we employ a kernel method for the learnin ←
→ on vocabulary size of grammar - based codes ; we discuss inequalities holding between the vocabulary size , i . e ., the number of distinct nonterminal symbols in a grammar - based compression for a string , and the excess length of the respective universal code , i . e ., the code - based analog of algorithmic mutual information . the aim is to strengthen inequalities which were discussed in a weaker form in linguistics but shed some light on redundancy of efficiently computable codes . the main contribution of the paper i ←
→ query - limited black - box attacks to classifiers ; we study black - box attacks on machine learning classifiers where each query to the model incurs some cost or risk of detection to the adversary . we focus explicitly on minimizing the number of queries as a major objective . specifically , we consider the problem of attacking machine learning classifiers subject to a budget of feature modification cost while minimizing the number of queries , where each query returns only a class and confidence score . we describe ←
→ learning natural language inference using bidirectional lstm model and inner - attention ; in this paper , we proposed a sentence encoding - based model for recognizing text entailment . in our approach , the encoding of sentence is a two - stage process . firstly , average pooling was used over word - level bidirectional lstm ( bilstm ) to generate a first - stage sentence representation . secondly , attention mechanism was employed to replace average pooling on the same sentence for better representations . instead of usin ←
→ low precision rnns : quantizing rnns without losing accuracy ; similar to convolution neural networks , recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) typically suffer from over - parameterization . quantizing bit - widths of weights and activations results in runtime efficiency on hardware , yet it often comes at the cost of reduced accuracy . this paper proposes a quantization approach that increases model size with bit - width reduction . this approach will allow networks to perform at their baseline accuracy while still maintain ←
→ a concatenating framework of shortcut convolutional neural networks ; it is well accepted that convolutional neural networks play an important role in learning excellent features for image classification and recognition . however , in tradition they only allow adjacent layers connected , limiting integration of multi - scale information . to further improve their performance , we present a concatenating framework of shortcut convolutional neural networks . this framework can concatenate multi - scale features by shor ←
→ in narrative texts punctuation marks obey the same statistics as words ; from a grammar point of view , the role of punctuation marks in a sentence is formally defined and well understood . in semantic analysis punctuation plays also a crucial role as a method of avoiding ambiguity of the meaning . a different situation can be observed in the statistical analyses of language samples , where the decision on whether the punctuation marks should be considered or should be neglected is seen rather as arbitrary and ←
→ fast fourier color constancy ; we present fast fourier color constancy ( ffcc ), a color constancy algorithm which solves illuminant estimation by reducing it to a spatial localization task on a torus . by operating in the frequency domain , ffcc produces lower error rates than the previous state - of - the - art by 13 - 20 % while being 250 - 3000 times faster . this unconventional approach introduces challenges regarding aliasing , directional statistics , and preconditioning , which we address . by producing a complete post ←
→ stochastic quasi - newton methods for nonconvex stochastic optimization ; in this paper we study stochastic quasi - newton methods for nonconvex stochastic optimization , where we assume that noisy information about the gradients of the objective function is available via a stochastic first - order oracle ( sfo ). we propose a general framework for such methods , for which we prove almost sure convergence to stationary points and analyze its worst - case iteration complexity . when a randomly chosen iterate is returned ←
→ an introduction to deep visual explanation ; the practical impact of deep learning on complex supervised learning problems has been significant , so much so that almost every artificial intelligence problem , or at least a portion thereof , has been somehow recast as a deep learning problem . the applications appeal is significant , but this appeal is increasingly challenged by what some call the challenge of explainability , or more generally the more traditional challenge of debuggability : if the outcomes of a ←
→ temporal reasoning with probabilities ; in this paper we explore representations of temporal knowledge based upon the formalism of causal probabilistic networks ( cpns ). two different ? continuous - time ? representations are proposed . in the first , the cpn includes variables representing ? event - occurrence times ?, possibly on different time scales , and variables representing the ? state ? of the system at these times . in the second , the cpn describes the influences between random variables with values in () repres ←
→ dress like a star : retrieving fashion products from videos ; this work proposes a system for retrieving clothing and fashion products from video content . although films and television are the perfect showcase for fashion brands to promote their products , spectators are not always aware of where to buy the latest trends they see on screen . here , a framework for breaking the gap between fashion products shown on videos and users is presented . by relating clothing items and video frames in an indexed database ←
→ outlier detection by consistent data selection method ; often the challenge associated with tasks like fraud and spam detection [ 1 ] is the lack of all likely patterns needed to train suitable supervised learning models . in order to overcome this limitation , such tasks are attempted as outlier or anomaly detection tasks . we also hypothesize that out - liers have behavioral patterns that change over time . limited data and continuously changing patterns makes learning significantly difficult . in this work we are ←
→ planning with trust for human - robot collaboration ; trust is essential for human - robot collaboration and user adoption of autonomous systems , such as robot assistants . this paper introduces a computational model which integrates trust into robot decision - making . specifically , we learn from data a partially observable markov decision process ( pomdp ) with human trust as a latent variable . the trust - pomdp model provides a principled approach for the robot to ( i ) infer the trust of a human teammate through inte ←
→ deep poselets for human detection ; we address the problem of detecting people in natural scenes using a part approach based on poselets . we propose a bootstrapping method that allows us to collect millions of weakly labeled examples for each poselet type . we use these examples to train a convolutional neural net to discriminate different poselet types and separate them from the background class . we then use the trained cnn as a way to represent poselet patches with a pose discriminative feature ( pdf ) vecto ←
→ fixed - form variational posterior approximation through stochastic linear regression ; we propose a general algorithm for approximating nonstandard bayesian posterior distributions . the algorithm minimizes the kullback - leibler divergence of an approximating distribution to the intractable posterior distribution . our method can be used to approximate any posterior distribution , provided that it is given in closed form up to the proportionality constant . the approximation can be any distribution in the expon ←
→ a fuzzy clustering algorithm for the mode seeking framework ; in this paper , we propose a new fuzzy clustering algorithm based on the mode - seeking framework . given a dataset in $\ mathbb { r }^ d $, we define regions of high density that we call cluster cores . we then consider a random walk on a neighborhood graph built on top of our data points which is designed to be attracted by high density regions . the strength of this attraction is controlled by a temperature parameter $\ beta > 0 $. the membership of a point ←
→ gated recurrent neural tensor network ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ), which are a powerful scheme for modeling temporal and sequential data need to capture long - term dependencies on datasets and represent them in hidden layers with a powerful model to capture more information from inputs . for modeling long - term dependencies in a dataset , the gating mechanism concept can help rnns remember and forget previous information . representing the hidden layers of an rnn with more expressive operations ( i . e ., ten ←
→ multi - target , multi - camera tracking by hierarchical clustering : recent progress on dukemtmc project ; although many methods perform well in single camera tracking , multi - camera tracking remains a challenging problem with less attention . dukemtmc is a large - scale , well - annotated multi - camera tracking benchmark which makes great progress in this field . this report is dedicated to briefly introduce our method on dukemtmc and show that simple hierarchical clustering with well - trained person re - identification ←
→ differentially private gaussian processes ; a major challenge for machine learning is increasing the availability of data while respecting the privacy of individuals . here we combine the provable privacy guarantees of the differential privacy framework with the flexibility of gaussian processes ( gps ). we propose a method using gps to provide differentially private ( dp ) regression . we then improve this method by crafting the dp noise covariance structure to efficiently protect the training data , while minimi ←
→ reasoning for moving blocks problem : formal representation and implementation ; the combined approach of the qualitative reasoning and probabilistic functions for the knowledge representation is proposed . the method aims at represent uncertain , qualitative knowledge that is essential for the moving blocks task ' s execution . the attempt to formalize the commonsense knowledge is performed with the situation calculus language for reasoning and robot ' s beliefs representation . the method is implemented in the p ←
→ scatteract : automated extraction of data from scatter plots ; charts are an excellent way to convey patterns and trends in data , but they do not facilitate further modeling of the data or close inspection of individual data points . we present a fully automated system for extracting the numerical values of data points from images of scatter plots . we use deep learning techniques to identify the key components of the chart , and optical character recognition together with robust regression to map from pixels t ←
→ identify susceptible locations in medical records via adversarial attacks on deep predictive models ; the surging availability of electronic medical records ( ehr ) leads to increased research interests in medical predictive modeling . recently many deep learning based predicted models are also developed for ehr data and demonstrated impressive performance . however , a series of recent studies showed that these deep models are not safe : they suffer from certain vulnerabilities . in short , a well - trained deep n ←
→ using visual saliency to improve human detection with convolutional networks ; in this paper , we demonstrate an approach based on visual saliency for detection of humans . using deep multi - layer network [ 1 ], we find the saliency maps of an image having humans , multiply with the input image and fed to convolutional neural network ( cnn ). for detection purpose , we train detectnet on prepared two challenging datasets - penn - fudan dataset and tudbrussels benchmark . after training , the network learns the mid and ←
→ hand2face : automatic synthesis and recognition of hand over face occlusions ; a person ' s face discloses important information about their affective state . although there has been extensive research on recognition of facial expressions , the performance of existing approaches is challenged by facial occlusions . facial occlusions are often treated as noise and discarded in recognition of affective states . however , hand over face occlusions can provide additional information for recognition of some affective ←
→ exploiting skeletal structure in computer vision annotation with benders decomposition ; many annotation problems in computer vision can be phrased as integer linear programs ( ilps ). the use of standard industrial solvers does not to exploit the underlying structure of such problems eg , the skeleton in pose estimation . the leveraging of the underlying structure in conjunction with industrial solvers promises increases in both speed and accuracy . such structure can be exploited using bender ' s decomposition ←
→ adversarial variational optimization of non - differentiable simulators ; complex computer simulators are increasingly used across fields of science as generative models tying parameters of an underlying theory to experimental observations . inference in this setup is often difficult , as simulators rarely admit a tractable density or likelihood function . we introduce adversarial variational optimization ( avo ), a likelihood - free inference algorithm for fitting a non - differentiable generative model incorporating ←
→ disease trajectory maps ; medical researchers are coming to appreciate that many diseases are in fact complex , heterogeneous syndromes composed of subpopulations that express different variants of a related complication . time series data extracted from individual electronic health records ( ehr ) offer an exciting new way to study subtle differences in the way these diseases progress over time . in this paper , we focus on answering two questions that can be asked using these databases of time series . first , we ←
→ efficient piecewise training of deep structured models for semantic segmentation ; recent advances in semantic image segmentation have mostly been achieved by training deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). we show how to improve semantic segmentation through the use of contextual information ; specifically , we explore ` patch - patch ' context between image regions , and ` patch - background ' context . for learning from the patch - patch context , we formulate conditional random fields ( crfs ) with cnn - based pairw ←
→ medical image retrieval using deep convolutional neural network ; with a widespread use of digital imaging data in hospitals , the size of medical image repositories is increasing rapidly . this causes difficulty in managing and querying these large databases leading to the need of content based medical image retrieval ( cbmir ) systems . a major challenge in cbmir systems is the semantic gap that exists between the low level visual information captured by imaging devices and high level semantic information perc ←
→ what is an optimal diagnosis ? ; within diagnostic reasoning there have been a number of proposed definitions of a diagnosis , and thus of the most likely diagnosis , including most probable posterior hypothesis , most probable interpretation , most probable covering hypothesis , etc . most of these approaches assume that the most likely diagnosis must be computed , and that a definition of what should be computed can be made a priori , independent of what the diagnosis is used for . we argue that the diagnostic prob ←
→ identifying products in online cybercrime marketplaces : a dataset for fine - grained domain adaptation ; one weakness of machine - learned nlp models is that they typically perform poorly on out - of - domain data . in this work , we study the task of identifying products being bought and sold in online cybercrime forums , which exhibits particularly challenging cross - domain effects . we formulate a task that represents a hybrid of slot - filling information extraction and named entity recognition and annotate data fro ←
→ adaptation algorithm and theory based on generalized discrepancy ; we present a new algorithm for domain adaptation improving upon a discrepancy minimization algorithm previously shown to outperform a number of algorithms for this task . unlike many previous algorithms for domain adaptation , our algorithm does not consist of a fixed reweighting of the losses over the training sample . we show that our algorithm benefits from a solid theoretical foundation and more favorable learning bounds than discrepancy mi ←
→ spectral convergence rate of graph laplacian ; laplacian eigenvectors of the graph constructed from a data set are used in many spectral manifold learning algorithms such as diffusion maps and spectral clustering . given a graph constructed from a random sample of a $ d $- dimensional compact submanifold $ m $ in $\ mathbb { r }^ d $, we establish the spectral convergence rate of the graph laplacian . it implies the consistency of the spectral clustering algorithm via a standard perturbation argument . a simple numerical ←
→ drift analysis and evolutionary algorithms revisited ; one of the easiest randomized greedy optimization algorithms is the following evolutionary algorithm which aims at maximizing a boolean function $ f :\{ 0 , 1 \}^ n \ to {\ mathbb r }$. the algorithm starts with a random search point $\ xi \ in \{ 0 , 1 \}^ n $, and in each round it flips each bit of $\ xi $ with probability $ c / n $ independently at random , where $ c > 0 $ is a fixed constant . the thus created offspring $\ xi '$ replaces $\ xi $ if and only if $ f (\ xi ') \ ge f (\ xi )$. ←
→ targeting ultimate accuracy : face recognition via deep embedding ; face recognition has been studied for many decades . as opposed to traditional hand - crafted features such as lbp and hog , much more sophisticated features can be learned automatically by deep learning methods in a data - driven way . in this paper , we propose a two - stage approach that combines a multi - patch deep cnn and deep metric learning , which extracts low dimensional but very discriminative features for face verification and recognition . ex ←
→ human uncertainty and ranking error -- the secret of successful evaluation in predictive data mining ; one of the most crucial issues in data mining is to model human behaviour in order to provide personalisation , adaptation and recommendation . this usually involves implicit or explicit knowledge , either by observing user interactions , or by asking users directly . but these sources of information are always subject to the volatility of human decisions , making utilised data uncertain to a particular extent ←
→ axiomatizations of inconsistency indices for triads ; pairwise comparison matrices often exhibit inconsistency , therefore , a number of indices has been introduced to measure their deviation from a consistent matrix . since inconsistency first emerges in the case of three alternatives , several inconsistency indices are based on triads . recently , a set of axioms has been proposed , and is required to be satisfied by any reasonable inconsistency index . we illustrate by an example that this set seems to be not ex ←
→ deceptive games ; deceptive games are games where the reward structure or other aspects of the game are designed to lead the agent away from a globally optimal policy . while many games are already deceptive to some extent , we designed a series of games in the video game description language ( vgdl ) implementing specific types of deception , classified by the cognitive biases they exploit . vgdl games can be run in the general video game artificial intelligence ( gvgai ) framework , making it possible to test a va ←
→ huto : an human time ontology for semantic web applications ; the temporal phenomena have many facets that are studied by different communities . in semantic web , large heterogeneous data are handled and produced . these data often have informal , semi - formal or formal temporal information which must be interpreted by software agents . in this paper we present human time ontology ( huto ) an rdfs ontology to annotate and represent temporal data . a major contribution of huto is the modeling of non - convex intervals ←
→ application of statistical relational learning to hybrid recommendation systems ; recommendation systems usually involve exploiting the relations among known features and content that describe items ( content - based filtering ) or the overlap of similar users who interacted with or rated the target item ( collaborative filtering ). to combine these two filtering approaches , current model - based hybrid recommendation systems typically require extensive feature engineering to construct a user profile . statistical ←
→ loopy belief propagation in bayesian networks : origin and possibilistic perspectives ; in this paper we present a synthesis of the work performed on two inference algorithms : the pearl ' s belief propagation ( bp ) algorithm applied to bayesian networks without loops ( i . e . polytree ) and the loopy belief propagation ( lbp ) algorithm ( inspired from the bp ) which is applied to networks containing undirected cycles . it is known that the bp algorithm , applied to bayesian networks with loops , gives incorrect numeri ←
→ an image processing analysis of skin textures ; colour and coarseness of skin are visually different . when image processing is involved in the skin analysis , it is important to quantitatively evaluate such differences using texture features . in this paper , we discuss a texture analysis and measurements based on a statistical approach to the pattern recognition . grain size and anisotropy are evaluated with proper diagrams . the possibility to determine the presence of pattern defects is also discussed .←
→ annotation as a new paradigm in research archiving ; we outline a paradigm to preserve results of digital scholarship , whether they are query results , feature values , or topic assignments . this paradigm is characterized by using annotations as multifunctional carriers and making them portable . the testing grounds we have chosen are two significant enterprises , one in the history of science , and one in hebrew scholarship . the first one ( ckcc ) focuses on the results of a project where a dutch consortium of un ←
→ data structuring for the ontological modelling of wind energy systems ; small wind projects encounter difficulties to be efficiently deployed , partly because wrong way data and information are managed . ontologies can overcome the drawbacks of partially available , noisy , inconsistent , and heterogeneous data sources , by providing a semantic middleware between low level data and more general knowledge . in this paper , we engineer an ontology for the wind energy domain using description logic as technical instru ←
→ performing stance detection on twitter data using computational linguistics techniques ; as humans , we can often detect from a persons utterances if he or she is in favor of or against a given target entity ( topic , product , another person , etc ). but from the perspective of a computer , we need means to automatically deduce the stance of the tweeter , given just the tweet text . in this paper , we present our results of performing stance detection on twitter data using a supervised approach . we begin by extrac ←
→ generating goal - directed visuomotor plans based on learning using a predictive coding type deep visuomotor recurrent neural network model ; the current paper presents how a predictive coding type deep recurrent neural networks can generate vision - based goal - directed plans based on prior learning experience by examining experiment results using a real arm robot . the proposed deep recurrent neural network learns to predict visuo - proprioceptive sequences by extracting an adequate predictive model from variou ←
→ deep function machines : generalized neural networks for topological layer expression ; in this paper we propose a generalization of deep neural networks called deep function machines ( dfms ). dfms act on vector spaces of arbitrary ( possibly infinite ) dimension and we show that a family of dfms are invariant to the dimension of input data ; that is , the parameterization of the model does not directly hinge on the quality of the input ( eg . high resolution images ). using this generalization we provide a new th ←
→ fast learning rate of non - sparse multiple kernel learning and optimal regularization strategies ; in this paper , we give a new generalization error bound of multiple kernel learning ( mkl ) for a general class of regularizations , and discuss what kind of regularization gives a favorable predictive accuracy . our main target in this paper is dense type regularizations including \ ellp - mkl . according to the recent numerical experiments , the sparse regularization does not necessarily show a good performance comp ←
→ adversarial logit pairing ; in this paper , we develop improved techniques for defending against adversarial examples at scale . first , we implement the state of the art version of adversarial training at unprecedented scale on imagenet and investigate whether it remains effective in this setting - an important open scientific question ( athalye et al ., 2018 ). next , we introduce enhanced defenses using a technique we call logit pairing , a method that encourages logits for pairs of examples to be similar . when ←
→ self - taught learning of a deep invariant representation for visual tracking via temporal slowness principle ; visual representation is crucial for a visual tracking method ' s performances . conventionally , visual representations adopted in visual tracking rely on hand - crafted computer vision descriptors . these descriptors were developed generically without considering tracking - specific information . in this paper , we propose to learn complex - valued invariant representations from tracked sequential image patc ←
→ a batch learning framework for scalable personalized ranking ; in designing personalized ranking algorithms , it is desirable to encourage a high precision at the top of the ranked list . existing methods either seek a smooth convex surrogate for a non - smooth ranking metric or directly modify updating procedures to encourage top accuracy . in this work we point out that these methods do not scale well to a large - scale setting , and this is partly due to the inaccurate pointwise or pairwise rank estimation . we p ←
→ improving decision analytics with deep learning : the case of financial disclosures ; decision analytics commonly focuses on the text mining of financial news sources in order to provide managerial decision support and to predict stock market movements . existing predictive frameworks almost exclusively apply traditional machine learning methods , whereas recent research indicates that traditional machine learning methods are not sufficiently capable of extracting suitable features and capturing the non - line ←
→ sukiyaki in french style : a novel system for transformation of dietary patterns ; we propose a novel system which can transform a recipe into any selected regional style ( e . g ., japanese , mediterranean , or italian ). this system has three characteristics . first the system can identify the degree of dietary style mixture of any selected recipe . second , the system can visualize such dietary style mixtures using barycentric newton diagrams . third , the system can suggest ingredient substitutions through an exte ←
→ modeling compositionality with multiplicative recurrent neural networks ; we present the multiplicative recurrent neural network as a general model for compositional meaning in language , and evaluate it on the task of fine - grained sentiment analysis . we establish a connection to the previously investigated matrix - space models for compositionality , and show they are special cases of the multiplicative recurrent net . our experiments show that these models perform comparably or better than elman - type additive ←
→ open - ended visual question - answering ; this thesis report studies methods to solve visual question - answering ( vqa ) tasks with a deep learning framework . as a preliminary step , we explore long short - term memory ( lstm ) networks used in natural language processing ( nlp ) to tackle question - answering ( text based ). we then modify the previous model to accept an image as an input in addition to the question . for this purpose , we explore the vgg - 16 and k - cnn convolutional neural networks to extract visual features ←
→ fast predictive multimodal image registration ; we introduce a deep encoder - decoder architecture for image deformation prediction from multimodal images . specifically , we design an image - patch - based deep network that jointly ( i ) learns an image similarity measure and ( ii ) the relationship between image patches and deformation parameters . while our method can be applied to general image registration formulations , we focus on the large deformation diffeomorphic metric mapping ( lddmm ) registration model . by pr ←
→ scaling construction grammar up to production systems : the scim ; while a great effort has concerned the development of fully integrated modular understanding systems , few researches have focused on the problem of unifying existing linguistic formalisms with cognitive processing models . the situated constructional interpretation model is one of these attempts . in this model , the notion of " construction " has been adapted in order to be able to mimic the behavior of production systems . the construction gramma ←
→ no more discrimination : cross city adaptation of road scene segmenters ; despite the recent success of deep - learning based semantic segmentation , deploying a pre - trained road scene segmenter to a city whose images are not presented in the training set would not achieve satisfactory performance due to dataset biases . instead of collecting a large number of annotated images of each city of interest to train or refine the segmenter , we propose an unsupervised learning approach to adapt road scene segmenters ac ←
→ susceptibility of texture measures to noise : an application to lung tumor ct images ; five different texture methods are used to investigate their susceptibility to subtle noise occurring in lung tumor computed tomography ( ct ) images caused by acquisition and reconstruction deficiencies . noise of gaussian and rayleigh distributions with varying mean and variance was encountered in the analyzed ct images . fisher and bhattacharyya distance measures were used to differentiate between an original extracted lu ←
→ smart " predict , then optimize " ; many real - world analytics problems involve two significant challenges : prediction and optimization . due to the typically complex nature of each challenge , the standard paradigm is to predict , then optimize . by and large , machine learning tools are intended to minimize prediction error and do not account for how the predictions will be used in a downstream optimization problem . in contrast , we propose a new and very general framework , called smart " predict , then optimize " ( sp ←
→ random walk kernels and learning curves for gaussian process regression on random graphs ; we consider learning on graphs , guided by kernels that encode similarity between vertices . our focus is on random walk kernels , the analogues of squared exponential kernels in euclidean spaces . we show that on large , locally treelike , graphs these have some counter - intuitive properties , specifically in the limit of large kernel lengthscales . we consider using these kernels as covariance matrices of e . g .\ gaussian pr ←
→ piecewise linear topology , evolutionary algorithms , and optimization problems ; schemata theory , markov chains , and statistical mechanics have been used to explain how evolutionary algorithms ( eas ) work . incremental success has been achieved with all of these methods , but each has been stymied by limitations related to its less - than - global view . we show that moving the investigation into topological space improves our understanding of why eas work .←
→ distinguishing posed and spontaneous smiles by facial dynamics ; smile is one of the key elements in identifying emotions and present state of mind of an individual . in this work , we propose a cluster of approaches to classify posed and spontaneous smiles using deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) face features , local phase quantization ( lpq ), dense optical flow and histogram of gradient ( hog ). eulerian video magnification ( evm ) is used for micro - expression smile amplification along with three normalizat ←
→ generative partition networks for multi - person pose estimation ; this paper proposes a new generative partition network ( gpn ) to address the challenging multi - person pose estimation problem . different from existing models that are either completely top - down or bottom - up , the proposed gpn introduces a novel strategy -- it generates partitions for multiple persons from their global joint candidates and infers instance - specific joint configurations simultaneously . the gpn is favorably featured by low complexity ←
→ personalized gaussian processes for future prediction of alzheimer ' s disease progression ; in this paper , we introduce the use of a personalized gaussian process model ( pgp ) to predict the key metrics of alzheimer ' s disease progression ( mmse , adas - cog13 , cdrsb and cs ) based on each patient ' s previous visits . we start by learning a population - level model using multi - modal data from previously seen patients using the base gaussian process ( gp ) regression . then , this model is adapted sequentially over time t ←
→ embedding watermarks into deep neural networks ; deep neural networks have recently achieved significant progress . sharing trained models of these deep neural networks is very important in the rapid progress of researching or developing deep neural network systems . at the same time , it is necessary to protect the rights of shared trained models . to this end , we propose to use a digital watermarking technology to protect intellectual property or detect intellectual property infringement of trained models . fi ←
→ grounding of textual phrases in images by reconstruction ; grounding ( i . e . localizing ) arbitrary , free - form textual phrases in visual content is a challenging problem with many applications for human - computer interaction and image - text reference resolution . few datasets provide the ground truth spatial localization of phrases , thus it is desirable to learn from data with no or little grounding supervision . we propose a novel approach which learns grounding by reconstructing a given phrase using an attention ←
→ a deep spatial contextual long - term recurrent convolutional network for saliency detection ; traditional saliency models usually adopt hand - crafted image features and human - designed mechanisms to calculate local or global contrast . in this paper , we propose a novel computational saliency model , i . e ., deep spatial contextual long - term recurrent convolutional network ( dsclrcn ) to predict where people looks in natural scenes . dsclrcn first automatically learns saliency related local features on each image lo ←
→ pixel - wise segmentation of street with neural networks ; pixel - wise street segmentation of photographs taken from a drivers perspective is important for self - driving cars and can also support other object recognition tasks . a framework called sst was developed to examine the accuracy and execution time of different neural networks . the best neural network achieved an $ f_1 $- score of 89 . 5 % with a simple feedforward neural network which trained to solve a regression task .←
→ multilinear wavelets : a statistical shape space for human faces ; we present a statistical model for $ 3 $ d human faces in varying expression , which decomposes the surface of the face using a wavelet transform , and learns many localized , decorrelated multilinear models on the resulting coefficients . using this model we are able to reconstruct faces from noisy and occluded $ 3 $ d face scans , and facial motion sequences . accurate reconstruction of face shape is important for applications such as tele - presence and ←
→ sample - relaxed two - dimensional color principal component analysis for face recognition and image reconstruction ; a sample - relaxed two - dimensional color principal component analysis ( sr - 2dcpca ) approach is presented for face recognition and image reconstruction based on quaternion models . a relaxation vector is automatically generated according to the variances of training color face images with the same label . a sample - relaxed , low - dimensional covariance matrix is constructed based on all the training sa ←
→ theoretical foundation for cma - es from information geometric perspective ; this paper explores the theoretical basis of the covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy ( cma - es ) from the information geometry viewpoint . to establish a theoretical foundation for the cma - es , we focus on a geometric structure of a riemannian manifold of probability distributions equipped with the fisher metric . we define a function on the manifold which is the expectation of fitness over the sampling distribution , and rega ←
→ geometric decision tree ; in this paper we present a new algorithm for learning oblique decision trees . most of the current decision tree algorithms rely on impurity measures to assess the goodness of hyperplanes at each node while learning a decision tree in a top - down fashion . these impurity measures do not properly capture the geometric structures in the data . motivated by this , our algorithm uses a strategy to assess the hyperplanes in such a way that the geometric structure in the data is taken into ac ←
→ a formalization of the turing test ; the paper offers a mathematical formalization of the turing test . this formalization makes it possible to establish the conditions under which some turing machine will pass the turing test and the conditions under which every turing machine ( or every turing machine of the special class ) will fail the turing test .←
→ efficient hierarchical clustering for continuous data ; we present an new sequential monte carlo sampler for coalescent based bayesian hierarchical clustering . our model is appropriate for modeling non - i . i . d . data and offers a substantial reduction of computational cost when compared to the original sampler without resorting to approximations . we also propose a quadratic complexity approximation that in practice shows almost no loss in performance compared to its counterpart . we show that as a byproduct of ←
→ on finitely recursive programs ; disjunctive finitary programs are a class of logic programs admitting function symbols and hence infinite domains . they have very good computational properties , for example ground queries are decidable while in the general case the stable model semantics is highly undecidable . in this paper we prove that a larger class of programs , called finitely recursive programs , preserves most of the good properties of finitary programs under the stable model semantics , namely : ( i ) fini ←
→ summarizing decisions in spoken meetings ; this paper addresses the problem of summarizing decisions in spoken meetings : our goal is to produce a concise {\ it decision abstract } for each meeting decision . we explore and compare token - level and dialogue act - level automatic summarization methods using both unsupervised and supervised learning frameworks . in the supervised summarization setting , and given true clusterings of decision - related utterances , we find that token - level summaries that employ discourse ←
→ toward long distance , sub - diffraction imaging using coherent camera arrays ; in this work , we propose using camera arrays coupled with coherent illumination as an effective method of improving spatial resolution in long distance images by a factor of ten and beyond . recent advances in ptychography have demonstrated that one can image beyond the diffraction limit of the objective lens in a microscope . we demonstrate a similar imaging system to image beyond the diffraction limit in long range imaging . we em ←
→ deep reinforcement learning for dialogue generation ; recent neural models of dialogue generation offer great promise for generating responses for conversational agents , but tend to be shortsighted , predicting utterances one at a time while ignoring their influence on future outcomes . modeling the future direction of a dialogue is crucial to generating coherent , interesting dialogues , a need which led traditional nlp models of dialogue to draw on reinforcement learning . in this paper , we show how to integra ←
→ an ontology to support automated negotiation ; in this work we propose an ontology to support automated negotiation in multiagent systems . the ontology can be connected with some domain - specific ontologies to facilitate the negotiation in different domains , such as intelligent transportation systems ( its ), e - commerce , etc . the specific negotiation rules for each type of negotiation strategy can also be defined as part of the ontology , reducing the amount of knowledge hardcoded in the agents and ensuring the ←
→ inferring gene regulatory network using an evolutionary multi - objective method ; inference of gene regulatory networks ( grns ) based on experimental data is a challenging task in bioinformatics . in this paper , we present a bi - objective minimization model ( bomm ) for inference of grns , where one objective is the fitting error of derivatives , and the other is the number of connections in the network . to solve the bomm efficiently , we propose a multi - objective evolutionary algorithm ( moea ), and utilize the sep ←
→ youtube - 8m video understanding challenge approach and applications ; this paper introduces the youtube - 8m video understanding challenge hosted as a kaggle competition and also describes my approach to experimenting with various models . for each of my experiments , i provide the score result as well as possible improvements to be made . towards the end of the paper , i discuss the various ensemble learning techniques that i applied on the dataset which significantly boosted my overall competition score . at last ←
→ indic handwritten script identification using offline - online multimodal deep network ; in this paper , we propose a novel approach of word - level indic script identification using only character - level data in training stage . the advantages of using character level data for training have been outlined in section i . our method uses a multimodal deep network which takes both offline and online modality of the data as input in order to explore the information from both the modalities jointly for script identifi ←
→ google distance between words ; cilibrasi and vitanyi have demonstrated that it is possible to extract the meaning of words from the world - wide web . to achieve this , they rely on the number of webpages that are found through a google search containing a given word and they associate the page count to the probability that the word appears on a webpage . thus , conditional probabilities allow them to correlate one word with another word ' s meaning . furthermore , they have developed a similarity distance function ←
→ shared learning : enhancing reinforcement in $ q $- ensembles ; deep reinforcement learning has been able to achieve amazing successes in a variety of domains from video games to continuous control by trying to maximize the cumulative reward . however , most of these successes rely on algorithms that require a large amount of data to train in order to obtain results on par with human - level performance . this is not feasible if we are to deploy these systems on real world tasks and hence there has been an increase ←
→ deep local video feature for action recognition ; we investigate the problem of representing an entire video using cnn features for human action recognition . currently , limited by gpu memory , we have not been able to feed a whole video into cnn / rnns for end - to - end learning . a common practice is to use sampled frames as inputs and video labels as supervision . one major problem of this popular approach is that the local samples may not contain the information indicated by global labels . to deal with this prob ←
→ foodnet : recognizing foods using ensemble of deep networks ; in this work we propose a methodology for an automatic food classification system which recognizes the contents of the meal from the images of the food . we developed a multi - layered deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architecture that takes advantages of the features from other deep networks and improves the efficiency . numerous classical handcrafted features and approaches are explored , among which cnns are chosen as the best performing feat ←
→ memory efficient max flow for multi - label submodular mrfs ; multi - label submodular markov random fields ( mrfs ) have been shown to be solvable using max - flow based on an encoding of the labels proposed by ishikawa , in which each variable $ x_i $ is represented by $\ ell $ nodes ( where $\ ell $ is the number of labels ) arranged in a column . however , this method in general requires $ 2 \,\ ell ^ 2 $ edges for each pair of neighbouring variables . this makes it inapplicable to realistic problems with many variables and labe ←
→ new estimation procedures for pls path modelling ; given r groups of numerical variables x1 , ... xr , we assume that each group is the result of one underlying latent variable , and that all latent variables are bound together through a linear equation system . moreover , we assume that some explanatory latent variables may interact pairwise in one or more equations . we basically consider pls path modelling ' s algorithm to estimate both latent variables and the model ' s coefficients . new " external " estimation sch ←
→ cellular tree classifiers ; the cellular tree classifier model addresses a fundamental problem in the design of classifiers for a parallel or distributed computing world : given a data set , is it sufficient to apply a majority rule for classification , or shall one split the data into two or more parts and send each part to a potentially different computer ( or cell ) for further processing ? at first sight , it seems impossible to define with this paradigm a consistent classifier as no cell knows the " original d ←
→ unsupervised real - to - virtual domain unification for end - to - end highway driving ; in the spectrum of vision - based autonomous driving , vanilla end - to - end models are not interpretable and suboptimal in performance , while mediated perception models require additional intermediate representations such as segmentation masks or detection bounding boxes , whose annotation can be prohibitively expensive as we move to a larger scale . raw images and existing intermediate representations are also loaded with nuisance ←
→ on exact learning monotone dnf from membership queries ; in this paper , we study the problem of learning a monotone dnf with at most $ s $ terms of size ( number of variables in each term ) at most $ r $ ($ s $ term $ r $- mdnf ) from membership queries . this problem is equivalent to the problem of learning a general hypergraph using hyperedge - detecting queries , a problem motivated by applications arising in chemical reactions and genome sequencing . we first present new lower bounds for this problem and then present ←
→ im2height : height estimation from single monocular imagery via fully residual convolutional - deconvolutional network ; in this paper we tackle a very novel problem , namely height estimation from a single monocular remote sensing image , which is inherently ambiguous , and a technically ill - posed problem , with a large source of uncertainty coming from the overall scale . we propose a fully convolutional - deconvolutional network architecture being trained end - to - end , encompassing residual learning , to model the ←
→ learning isometric separation maps ; maximum variance unfolding ( mvu ) and its variants have been very successful in embedding data - manifolds in lower dimensional spaces , often revealing the true intrinsic dimension . in this paper we show how to also incorporate supervised class information into an mvu - like method without breaking its convexity . we call this method the isometric separation map and we show that the resulting kernel matrix can be used as a binary / multiclass support vector machine - like method i ←
→ an agent - based simulation of in - store customer experiences ; agent - based modelling and simulation offers a new and exciting way of understanding the world of work . in this paper we describe the development of an agent - based simulation model , designed to help to understand the relationship between human resource management practices and retail productivity . we report on the current development of our simulation model which includes new features concerning the evolution of customers over time . to test some of ←
→ conditional mean embeddings as regressors - supplementary ; we demonstrate an equivalence between reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ) embeddings of conditional distributions and vector - valued regressors . this connection introduces a natural regularized loss function which the rkhs embeddings minimise , providing an intuitive understanding of the embeddings and a justification for their use . furthermore , the equivalence allows the application of vector - valued regression methods and results to the problem ←
→ driver hand localization and grasp analysis : a vision - based real - time approach ; extracting hand regions and their grasp information from images robustly in real - time is critical for occupants ' safety and in - vehicular infotainment applications . it must however , be noted that naturalistic driving scenes suffer from rapidly changing illumination and occlusion . this is aggravated by the fact that hands are highly deformable objects , and change in appearance frequently . this work addresses the task of accurat ←
→ accelerating discrete wavelet transforms on gpus ; the two - dimensional discrete wavelet transform has a huge number of applications in image - processing techniques . until now , several papers compared the performance of such transform on graphics processing units ( gpus ). however , all of them only dealt with lifting and convolution computation schemes . in this paper , we show that corresponding horizontal and vertical lifting parts of the lifting scheme can be merged into non - separable lifting units , which halv ←
→ anomaly detection and removal using non - stationary gaussian processes ; this paper proposes a novel gaussian process approach to fault removal in time - series data . fault removal does not delete the faulty signal data but , instead , massages the fault from the data . we assume that only one fault occurs at any one time and model the signal by two separate non - parametric gaussian process models for both the physical phenomenon and the fault . in order to facilitate fault removal we introduce the markov region li ←
→ rotations and interpretability of word embeddings : the case of the russian language ; consider a continuous word embedding model . usually , the cosines between word vectors are used as a measure of similarity of words . these cosines do not change under orthogonal transformations of the embedding space . we demonstrate that , using some canonical orthogonal transformations from svd , it is possible both to increase the meaning of some components and to make the components more stable under re - learning . we stud ←
→ learning in the model space for fault diagnosis ; the emergence of large scaled sensor networks facilitates the collection of large amounts of real - time data to monitor and control complex engineering systems . however , in many cases the collected data may be incomplete or inconsistent , while the underlying environment may be time - varying or un - formulated . in this paper , we have developed an innovative cognitive fault diagnosis framework that tackles the above challenges . this framework investigates fault di ←
→ deep spatial autoencoders for visuomotor learning ; reinforcement learning provides a powerful and flexible framework for automated acquisition of robotic motion skills . however , applying reinforcement learning requires a sufficiently detailed representation of the state , including the configuration of task - relevant objects . we present an approach that automates state - space construction by learning a state representation directly from camera images . our method uses a deep spatial autoencoder to acquire a se ←
→ multi - velocity neural networks for gesture recognition in videos ; we present a new action recognition deep neural network which adaptively learns the best action velocities in addition to the classification . while deep neural networks have reached maturity for image understanding tasks , we are still exploring network topologies and features to handle the richer environment of video clips . here , we tackle the problem of multiple velocities in action recognition , and provide state - of - the - art results for gest ←
→ explaining time - table - edge - finding propagation for the cumulative resource constraint ; cumulative resource constraints can model scarce resources in scheduling problems or a dimension in packing and cutting problems . in order to efficiently solve such problems with a constraint programming solver , it is important to have strong and fast propagators for cumulative resource constraints . one such propagator is the recently developed time - table - edge - finding propagator , which considers the current resource pr ←
→ preferred history semantics for iterated updates ; we give a semantics to iterated update by a preference relation on possible developments . an iterated update is a sequence of formulas , giving ( incomplete ) information about successive states of the world . a development is a sequence of models , describing a possible trajectory through time . we assume a principle of inertia and prefer those developments , which are compatible with the information , and avoid unnecessary changes . the logical properties of the u ←
→ fuzzy logic based direct torque control of induction motor with space vector modulation ; the induction motors have wide range of applications for due to its well - known advantages like brushless structures , low costs and robust performances . over the past years , many kind of control methods are proposed for the induction motors and direct torque control has gained huge importance inside of them due to fast dynamic torque responses and simple control structures . however , the direct torque control method ha ←
→ neural text generation : past , present and beyond ; this paper presents a systematic survey on recent development of neural text generation models . specifically , we start from recurrent neural network language models with the traditional maximum likelihood estimation training scheme and point out its shortcoming for text generation . we thus introduce the recently proposed methods for text generation based on reinforcement learning , re - parametrization tricks and generative adversarial nets ( gan ) techniques . w ←
→ extracting formal models from normative texts ; normative texts are documents based on the deontic notions of obligation , permission , and prohibition . our goal is to model such texts using the c - o diagram formalism , making them amenable to formal analysis , in particular verifying that a text satisfies properties concerning causality of actions and timing constraints . we present an experimental , semi - automatic aid to bridge the gap between a normative text and its formal representation . our approach uses dep ←
→ synthetic iris presentation attack using idcgan ; reliability and accuracy of iris biometric modality has prompted its large - scale deployment for critical applications such as border control and national id projects . the extensive growth of iris recognition systems has raised apprehensions about susceptibility of these systems to various attacks . in the past , researchers have examined the impact of various iris presentation attacks such as textured contact lenses and print attacks . in this research , we pres ←
→ neural combinatorial optimization with reinforcement learning ; this paper presents a framework to tackle combinatorial optimization problems using neural networks and reinforcement learning . we focus on the traveling salesman problem ( tsp ) and train a recurrent network that , given a set of city coordinates , predicts a distribution over different city permutations . using negative tour length as the reward signal , we optimize the parameters of the recurrent network using a policy gradient method . we compare ←
→ word learning under infinite uncertainty ; language learners must learn the meanings of many thousands of words , despite those words occurring in complex environments in which infinitely many meanings might be inferred by the learner as a word ' s true meaning . this problem of infinite referential uncertainty is often attributed to willard van orman quine . we provide a mathematical formalisation of an ideal cross - situational learner attempting to learn under infinite referential uncertainty , and identify cond ←
→ omega model for human detection and counting for application in smart surveillance system ; driven by the significant advancements in technology and social issues such as security management , there is a strong need for smart surveillance system in our society today . one of the key features of a smart surveillance system is efficient human detection and counting such that the system can decide and label events on its own . in this paper we propose a new , novel and robust model , the omega model , for detectin ←
→ compact compositional models ; learning compact and interpretable representations is a very natural task , which has not been solved satisfactorily even for simple binary datasets . in this paper , we review various ways of composing experts for binary data and argue that competitive forms of interaction are best suited to learn low - dimensional representations . we propose a new composition rule that discourages experts from focusing on similar structures and that penalizes opposing votes strongly so that absta ←
→ discovery radiomics with clear - dr : interpretable computer aided diagnosis of diabetic retinopathy ; objective : radiomics - driven computer aided diagnosis ( cad ) has shown considerable promise in recent years as a potential tool for improving clinical decision support in medical oncology , particularly those based around the concept of discovery radiomics , where radiomic sequencers are discovered through the analysis of medical imaging data . one of the main limitations with current cad approaches is that it i ←
→ a dnn framework for text image rectification from planar transformations ; in this paper , a novel neural network architecture is proposed attempting to rectify text images with mild assumptions . a new dataset of text images is collected to verify our model and open to public . we explored the capability of deep neural network in learning geometric transformation and found the model could segment the text image without explicit supervised segmentation information . experiments show the architecture proposed ca ←
→ the em algorithm and the laplace approximation ; the laplace approximation calls for the computation of second derivatives at the likelihood maximum . when the maximum is found by the em - algorithm , there is a convenient way to compute these derivatives . the likelihood gradient can be obtained from the em - auxiliary , while the hessian can be obtained from this gradient with the pearlmutter trick .←
→ an eeg - based image annotation system ; the success of deep learning in computer vision has greatly increased the need for annotated image datasets . we propose an eeg ( electroencephalogram )- based image annotation system . while humans can recognize objects in 20 - 200 milliseconds , the need to manually label images results in a low annotation throughput . our system employs brain signals captured via a consumer eeg device to achieve an annotation rate of up to 10 images per second . we exploit the p300 event - rela ←
→ crowd flow prediction by deep spatio - temporal transfer learning ; crowd flow prediction is a fundamental urban computing problem . recently , deep learning has been successfully applied to solve this problem , but it relies on rich historical data . in reality , many cities may suffer from data scarcity issue when their targeted service or infrastructure is new . to overcome this issue , this paper proposes a novel deep spatio - temporal transfer learning framework , called regiontrans , which can predict future crowd ←
→ video classification with cnns : using the codec as a spatio - temporal activity sensor ; we investigate video classification via a two - stream convolutional neural network ( cnn ) design that directly ingests information extracted from compressed video bitstreams . our approach begins with the observation that all modern video codecs divide the input frames into macroblocks ( mbs ). we demonstrate that selective access to mb motion vector ( mv ) information within compressed video bitstreams can also provide for se ←
→ uncovering latent style factors for expressive speech synthesis ; prosodic modeling is a core problem in speech synthesis . the key challenge is producing desirable prosody from textual input containing only phonetic information . in this preliminary study , we introduce the concept of " style tokens " in tacotron , a recently proposed end - to - end neural speech synthesis model . using style tokens , we aim to extract independent prosodic styles from training data . we show that without annotation data or an explicit ←
→ eye - tracking evolutionary algorithm to minimize user ' s fatigue in iec applied to interactive one - max problem ; in this paper , we describe a new algorithm that consists in combining an eye - tracker for minimizing the fatigue of a user during the evaluation process of interactive evolutionary computation . the approach is then applied to the interactive one - max optimization problem .←
→ learning filter scale and orientation in cnns ; convolutional neural networks have many hyperparameters such as the filter size , number of filters , and pooling size , which require manual tuning . though deep stacked structures are able to create multi - scale and hierarchical representations , manually fixed filter sizes limit the scale of representations that can be learned in a single convolutional layer . this paper introduces a new adaptive filter model that allows variable scale and orientation . the scale ←
→ learning effective binary visual representations with deep networks ; although traditionally binary visual representations are mainly designed to reduce computational and storage costs in the image retrieval research , this paper argues that binary visual representations can be applied to large scale recognition and detection problems in addition to hashing in retrieval . furthermore , the binary nature may make it generalize better than its real - valued counterparts . existing binary hashing methods are either ←
→ spectral clustering using pckid - a probabilistic cluster kernel for incomplete data ; in this paper , we propose pckid , a novel , robust , kernel function for spectral clustering , specifically designed to handle incomplete data . by combining posterior distributions of gaussian mixture models for incomplete data on different scales , we are able to learn a kernel for incomplete data that does not depend on any critical hyperparameters , unlike the commonly used rbf kernel . to evaluate our method , we perform ex ←
→ room for improvement in automatic image description : an error analysis ; in recent years we have seen rapid and significant progress in automatic image description but what are the open problems in this area ? most work has been evaluated using text - based similarity metrics , which only indicate that there have been improvements , without explaining what has improved . in this paper , we present a detailed error analysis of the descriptions generated by a state - of - the - art attention - based model . our analysis oper ←
→ yolo9000 : better , faster , stronger ; we introduce yolo9000 , a state - of - the - art , real - time object detection system that can detect over 9000 object categories . first we propose various improvements to the yolo detection method , both novel and drawn from prior work . the improved model , yolov2 , is state - of - the - art on standard detection tasks like pascal voc and coco . at 67 fps , yolov2 gets 76 . 8 map on voc 2007 . at 40 fps , yolov2 gets 78 . 6 map , outperforming state - of - the - art methods like faster rcnn with resnet ←
→ statistical exponential families : a digest with flash cards ; this document describes concisely the ubiquitous class of exponential family distributions met in statistics . the first part recalls definitions and summarizes main properties and duality with bregman divergences ( all proofs are skipped ). the second part lists decompositions and related formula of common exponential family distributions . we recall the fisher - rao - riemannian geometries and the dual affine connection information geometries of statis ←
→ deep learning with t - exponential bayesian kitchen sinks ; bayesian learning has been recently considered as an effective means of accounting for uncertainty in trained deep network parameters . this is of crucial importance when dealing with small or sparse training datasets . on the other hand , shallow models that compute weighted sums of their inputs , after passing them through a bank of arbitrary randomized nonlinearities , have been recently shown to enjoy good test error bounds that depend on the number o ←
→ systran ' s pure neural machine translation systems ; since the first online demonstration of neural machine translation ( nmt ) by lisa , nmt development has recently moved from laboratory to production systems as demonstrated by several entities announcing roll - out of nmt engines to replace their existing technologies . nmt systems have a large number of training configurations and the training process of such systems is usually very long , often a few weeks , so role of experimentation is critical and important ←
→ meteorology - aware multi - goal path planning for large - scale inspection missions with long - endurance solar - powered aircraft ; solar - powered aircraft promise significantly increased flight endurance over conventional aircraft . while this makes them promising candidates for large - scale aerial inspection missions , their structural fragility necessitates that adverse weather is avoided using appropriate path planning methods . this paper therefore presents metpass , the meteorology - aware path planning and analysi ←
→ faster than real - time facial alignment : a 3d spatial transformer network approach in unconstrained poses ; facial alignment involves finding a set of landmark points on an image with a known semantic meaning . however , this semantic meaning of landmark points is often lost in 2d approaches where landmarks are either moved to visible boundaries or ignored as the pose of the face changes . in order to extract consistent alignment points across large poses , the 3d structure of the face must be considered in th ←
→ partial - hessian strategies for fast learning of nonlinear embeddings ; stochastic neighbor embedding ( sne ) and related nonlinear manifold learning algorithms achieve high - quality low - dimensional representations of similarity data , but are notoriously slow to train . we propose a generic formulation of embedding algorithms that includes sne and other existing algorithms , and study their relation with spectral methods and graph laplacians . this allows us to define several partial - hessian optimization strategie ←
→ the new ai : general & sound & relevant for physics ; most traditional artificial intelligence ( ai ) systems of the past 50 years are either very limited , or based on heuristics , or both . the new millennium , however , has brought substantial progress in the field of theoretically optimal and practically feasible algorithms for prediction , search , inductive inference based on occam ' s razor , problem solving , decision making , and reinforcement learning in environments of a very general type . since inductive infer ←
→ addressing the data sparsity issue in neural amr parsing ; neural attention models have achieved great success in different nlp tasks . how - ever , they have not fulfilled their promise on the amr parsing task due to the data sparsity issue . in this paper , we de - scribe a sequence - to - sequence model for amr parsing and present different ways to tackle the data sparsity problem . we show that our methods achieve significant improvement over a baseline neural atten - tion model and our results are also compet - iti ←
→ blackout : speeding up recurrent neural network language models with very large vocabularies ; we propose blackout , an approximation algorithm to efficiently train massive recurrent neural network language models ( rnnlms ) with million word vocabularies . blackout is motivated by using a discriminative loss , and we describe a new sampling strategy which significantly reduces computation while improving stability , sample efficiency , and rate of convergence . one way to understand blackout is to view it as an e ←
→ decision - making with complex data structures using probabilistic programming ; existing decision - theoretic reasoning frameworks such as decision networks use simple data structures and processes . however , decisions are often made based on complex data structures , such as social networks and protein sequences , and rich processes involving those structures . we present a framework for representing decision problems with complex data structures using probabilistic programming , allowing probabilistic models to ←
→ a taught - obesrve - ask ( toa ) method for object detection with critical supervision ; being inspired by child ' s learning experience - taught first and followed by observation and questioning , we investigate a critically supervised learning methodology for object detection in this work . specifically , we propose a taught - observe - ask ( toa ) method that consists of several novel components such as negative object proposal , critical example mining , and machine - guided question - answer ( qa ) labeling . to consider labe ←
→ multilabel classification through random graph ensembles ; we present new methods for multilabel classification , relying on ensemble learning on a collection of random output graphs imposed on the multilabel and a kernel - based structured output learner as the base classifier . for ensemble learning , differences among the output graphs provide the required base classifier diversity and lead to improved performance in the increasing size of the ensemble . we study different methods of forming the ensemble predi ←
→ lost relatives of the gumbel trick ; the gumbel trick is a method to sample from a discrete probability distribution , or to estimate its normalizing partition function . the method relies on repeatedly applying a random perturbation to the distribution in a particular way , each time solving for the most likely configuration . we derive an entire family of related methods , of which the gumbel trick is one member , and show that the new methods have superior properties in several settings with minimal additional ←
→ multi - channel encoder for neural machine translation ; attention - based encoder - decoder has the effective architecture for neural machine translation ( nmt ), which typically relies on recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) to build the blocks that will be lately called by attentive reader during the decoding process . this design of encoder yields relatively uniform composition on source sentence , despite the gating mechanism employed in encoding rnn . on the other hand , we often hope the decoder to take pieces of sou ←
→ mixedgrad : an o ( 1 / t ) convergence rate algorithm for stochastic smooth optimization ; it is well known that the optimal convergence rate for stochastic optimization of smooth functions is $ o ( 1 /\ sqrt { t })$, which is same as stochastic optimization of lipschitz continuous convex functions . this is in contrast to optimizing smooth functions using full gradients , which yields a convergence rate of $ o ( 1 / t ^ 2 )$. in this work , we consider a new setup for optimizing smooth functions , termed as {\ bf mixed optimizatio ←
→ image denoising via group sparsity residual constraint ; group sparsity has shown great potential in various low - level vision tasks ( e . g , image denoising , deblurring and inpainting ). in this paper , we propose a new prior model for image denoising via group sparsity residual constraint ( gsrc ). to enhance the performance of group sparse - based image denoising , the concept of group sparsity residual is proposed , and thus , the problem of image denoising is translated into one that reduces the group sparsity resi ←
→ bayesian networks for dependability analysis : an application to digital control reliability ; bayesian networks ( bn ) provide robust probabilistic methods of reasoning under uncertainty , but despite their formal grounds are strictly based on the notion of conditional dependence , not much attention has been paid so far to their use in dependability analysis . the aim of this paper is to propose bn as a suitable tool for dependability analysis , by challenging the formalism with basic issues arising in dependa ←
→ superrational types ; we present a formal analysis of douglas hofstadter ' s concept of \ emph { superrationality }. we start by defining superrationally justifiable actions , and study them in symmetric games . we then model the beliefs of the players , in a way that leads them to different choices than the usual assumption of rationality by restricting the range of conceivable choices . these beliefs are captured in the formal notion of \ emph { type } drawn from epistemic game theory . the theory of coalgebras is used ←
→ a comparison on audio signal preprocessing methods for deep neural networks on music tagging ; deep neural networks ( dnn ) have been successfully applied for music classification tasks including music tagging . in this paper , we investigate the effect of audio preprocessing on music tagging with neural networks . we perform comprehensive experiments involving audio preprocessing using different time - frequency representations , logarithmic magnitude compression , frequency weighting and scaling . we show that ma ←
→ deep convolutional neural networks and data augmentation for environmental sound classification ; the ability of deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) to learn discriminative spectro - temporal patterns makes them well suited to environmental sound classification . however , the relative scarcity of labeled data has impeded the exploitation of this family of high - capacity models . this study has two primary contributions : first , we propose a deep convolutional neural network architecture for environmental s ←
→ convolutional networks in visual environments ; the puzzle of computer vision might find new challenging solutions when we realize that most successful methods are working at image level , which is remarkably more difficult than processing directly visual streams . in this paper , we claim that their processing naturally leads to formulate the motion invariance principle , which enables the construction of a new theory of learning with convolutional networks . the theory addresses a number of intriguing question ←
→ computing reference classes ; for any system with limited statistical knowledge , the combination of evidence and the interpretation of sampling information require the determination of the right reference class ( or of an adequate one ). the present note ( 1 ) discusses the use of reference classes in evidential reasoning , and ( 2 ) discusses implementations of kyburg ' s rules for reference classes . this paper contributes the first frank discussion of how much of kyburg ' s system is needed to be powerful , how much ←
→ patchbatch : a batch augmented loss for optical flow ; we propose a new pipeline for optical flow computation , based on deep learning techniques . we suggest using a siamese cnn to independently , and in parallel , compute the descriptors of both images . the learned descriptors are then compared efficiently using the l2 norm and do not require network processing of patch pairs . the success of the method is based on an innovative loss function that computes higher moments of the loss distributions for each train ←
→ quantum computation via sparse distributed representation ; quantum superposition says that any physical system simultaneously exists in all of its possible states , the number of which is exponential in the number of entities composing the system . the strength of presence of each possible state in the superposition , i . e ., its probability of being observed , is represented by its probability amplitude coefficient . the assumption that these coefficients must be represented physically disjointly from each other ←
→ bridge the gap between group sparse coding and rank minimization via adaptive dictionary learning ; both sparse coding and rank minimization have led to great successes in various image processing tasks . though the underlying principles of these two approaches are similar , no theory is available to demonstrate the correspondence . in this paper , starting by designing an adaptive dictionary for each group of image patches , we analyze the sparsity of image patches in each group using the rank minimization ap ←
→ turkish pos tagging by reducing sparsity with morpheme tags in small datasets ; sparsity is one of the major problems in natural language processing . the problem becomes even more severe in agglutinating languages that are highly prone to be inflected . we deal with sparsity in turkish by adopting morphological features for part - of - speech tagging . we learn inflectional and derivational morpheme tags in turkish by using conditional random fields ( crf ) and we employ the morpheme tags in part - of - speech ( pos ) ←
→ skeleton boxes : solving skeleton based action detection with a single deep convolutional neural network ; action recognition from well - segmented 3d skeleton video has been intensively studied . however , due to the difficulty in representing the 3d skeleton video and the lack of training data , action detection from streaming 3d skeleton video still lags far behind its recognition counterpart and image based object detection . in this paper , we propose a novel approach for this problem , which leverages both e ←
→ smoothing proximal gradient method for general structured sparse regression ; we study the problem of estimating high - dimensional regression models regularized by a structured sparsity - inducing penalty that encodes prior structural information on either the input or output variables . we consider two widely adopted types of penalties of this kind as motivating examples : ( 1 ) the general overlapping - group - lasso penalty , generalized from the group - lasso penalty ; and ( 2 ) the graph - guided - fused - lasso penalty , g ←
→ high - dimensional motion planning using latent variable models via approximate inference ; in this work , we present an efficient framework to generate a motion trajectory of a robot that has a high degree of freedom ( e . g ., a humanoid robot ). high - dimensionality of the robot configuration space often leads to difficulties in utilizing the widely - used motion planning algorithms because the volume of the decision space increases exponentially with the number of dimensions . to handle complications arising from ←
→ conditioning probabilistic databases ; past research on probabilistic databases has studied the problem of answering queries on a static database . application scenarios of probabilistic databases however often involve the conditioning of a database using additional information in the form of new evidence . the conditioning problem is thus to transform a probabilistic database of priors into a posterior probabilistic database which is materialized for subsequent query processing or further refinement . it turn ←
→ airport gate assignment : new model and implementation ; airport gate assignment is of great importance in airport operations . in this paper , we study the airport gate assignment problem ( agap ), propose a new model and implement the model with optimization programming language ( opl ). with the objective to minimize the number of conflicts of any two adjacent aircrafts assigned to the same gate , we build a mathematical model with logical constraints and the binary constraints , which can provide an efficient ev ←
→ learning efficient image representation for person re - identification ; color names based image representation is successfully used in person re - identification , due to the advantages of being compact , intuitively understandable as well as being robust to photometric variance . however , there exists the diversity between underlying distribution of color names ' rgb values and that of image pixels ' rgb values , which may lead to inaccuracy when directly comparing them in euclidean space . in this paper , we propose ←
→ calibration for the ( computationally - identifiable ) masses ; as algorithms increasingly inform and influence decisions made about individuals , it becomes increasingly important to address concerns that these algorithms might be discriminatory . the output of an algorithm can be discriminatory for many reasons , most notably : ( 1 ) the data used to train the algorithm might be biased ( in various ways ) to favor certain populations over others ; ( 2 ) the analysis of this training data might inadvertently or malicious ←
→ parameter learning in prism programs with continuous random variables ; probabilistic logic programming ( plp ), exemplified by sato and kameya ' s prism , poole ' s icl , de raedt et al ' s problog and vennekens et al ' s lpad , combines statistical and logical knowledge representation and inference . inference in these languages is based on enumerative construction of proofs over logic programs . consequently , these languages permit very limited use of random variables with continuous distributions . in this paper , we ex ←
→ on soft power diagrams ; many applications in data analysis begin with a set of points in a euclidean space that is partitioned into clusters . common tasks then are to devise a classifier deciding which of the clusters a new point is associated to , finding outliers with respect to the clusters , or identifying the type of clustering used for the partition . one of the common kinds of clusterings are ( balanced ) least - squares assignments with respect to a given set of sites . for these , there is a ' separating ←
→ use of python and phoenix - m interface in robotics ; in this paper i will show how to use python programming with a computer interface such as phoenix - m 1 to drive simple robots . in my quest towards artificial intelligence ( ai ) i am experimenting with a lot of different possibilities in robotics . this one will try to mimic the working of a simple insect ' s nervous system using hard wiring and some minimal software usage . this is the precursor to my advanced robotics and ai integration where i plan to use a new ←
→ on the consistency of the bootstrap approach for support vector machines and related kernel based methods ; it is shown that bootstrap approximations of support vector machines ( svms ) based on a general convex and smooth loss function and on a general kernel are consistent . this result is useful to approximate the unknown finite sample distribution of svms by the bootstrap approach .←
→ learning from lions : inferring the utility of agents from their trajectories ; we build a model using gaussian processes to infer a spatio - temporal vector field from observed agent trajectories . significant landmarks or influence points in agent surroundings are jointly derived through vector calculus operations that indicate presence of sources and sinks . we evaluate these influence points by using the kullback - leibler divergence between the posterior and prior laplacian of the inferred spatio - temporal v ←
→ reseg : a recurrent neural network - based model for semantic segmentation ; we propose a structured prediction architecture , which exploits the local generic features extracted by convolutional neural networks and the capacity of recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) to retrieve distant dependencies . the proposed architecture , called reseg , is based on the recently introduced renet model for image classification . we modify and extend it to perform the more challenging task of semantic segmentation . each renet layer ←
→ joint optimization and variable selection of high - dimensional gaussian processes ; maximizing high - dimensional , non - convex functions through noisy observations is a notoriously hard problem , but one that arises in many applications . in this paper , we tackle this challenge by modeling the unknown function as a sample from a high - dimensional gaussian process ( gp ) distribution . assuming that the unknown function only depends on few relevant variables , we show that it is possible to perform joint variable sel ←
→ getting feasible variable estimates from infeasible ones : mrf local polytope study ; this paper proposes a method for construction of approximate feasible primal solutions from dual ones for large - scale optimization problems possessing certain separability properties . whereas infeasible primal estimates can typically be produced from ( sub -) gradients of the dual function , it is often not easy to project them to the primal feasible set , since the projection itself has a complexity comparable to the complexi ←
→ dense associative memory is robust to adversarial inputs ; deep neural networks ( dnn ) trained in a supervised way suffer from two known problems . first , the minima of the objective function used in learning correspond to data points ( also known as rubbish examples or fooling images ) that lack semantic similarity with the training data . second , a clean input can be changed by a small , and often imperceptible for human vision , perturbation , so that the resulting deformed input is misclassified by the network .←
→ face recognition with machine learning in opencv_ fusion of the results with the localization data of an acoustic camera for speaker identification ; this contribution gives an overview of face recogni - tion algorithms , their implementation and practical uses . first , a training set of different persons ' faces has to be collected and used to train a face recognizer . the resulting face model can be utilized to classify people in specific individuals or unknowns . after tracking the recognized face and estimat ←
→ an application of network lasso optimization for ride sharing prediction ; ride sharing has important implications in terms of environmental , social and individual goals by reducing carbon footprints , fostering social interactions and economizing commuter costs . the ride sharing systems that are commonly available lack adaptive and scalable techniques that can simultaneously learn from the large scale data and predict in real - time dynamic fashion . in this paper , we study such a problem towards a smart city ←
→ testing optimality of sequential decision - making ; this paper provides a statistical method to test whether a system that performs a binary sequential hypothesis test is optimal in the sense of minimizing the average decision times while taking decisions with given reliabilities . the proposed method requires samples of the decision times , the decision outcomes , and the true hypotheses , but does not require knowledge on the statistics of the observations or the properties of the decision - making system . the m ←
→ text analysis tools in spoken language processing ; this submission contains the postscript of the final version of the slides used in our acl - 94 tutorial .←
→ solving distributed constraint optimization problems using logic programming ; this paper explores the use of answer set programming ( asp ) in solving distributed constraint optimization problems ( dcops ). the paper provides the following novel contributions : ( 1 ) it shows how one can formulate dcops as logic programs ; ( 2 ) it introduces asp - dpop , the first dcop algorithm that is based on logic programming ; ( 3 ) it experimentally shows that asp - dpop can be up to two orders of magnitude faster than dpop ( its im ←
→ improved repeatability measures for evaluating performance of feature detectors ; the most frequently employed measure for performance characterisation of local feature detectors is repeatability , but it has been observed that this does not necessarily mirror actual performance . presented are improved repeatability formulations which correlate much better with the true performance of feature detectors . comparative results for several state - of - the - art feature detectors are presented using these measures ; i ←
→ query - answer causality in databases : abductive diagnosis and view - updates ; causality has been recently introduced in databases , to model , characterize and possibly compute causes for query results ( answers ). connections between query causality and consistency - based diagnosis and database repairs ( wrt . integrity constrain violations ) have been established in the literature . in this work we establish connections between query causality and abductive diagnosis and the view - update problem . the unveiled relat ←
→ subjective reality and strong artificial intelligence ; the main prospective aim of modern research related to artificial intelligence is the creation of technical systems that implement the idea of strong intelligence . according our point of view the path to the development of such systems comes through the research in the field related to perceptions . here we formulate the model of the perception of external world which may be used for the description of perceptual activity of intelligent beings . we consi ←
→ words are malleable : computing semantic shifts in political and media discourse ; recently , researchers started to pay attention to the detection of temporal shifts in the meaning of words . however , most ( if not all ) of these approaches restricted their efforts to uncovering change over time , thus neglecting other valuable dimensions such as social or political variability . we propose an approach for detecting semantic shifts between different viewpoints -- broadly defined as a set of texts that share a spe ←
→ bayesian out - trees ; a bayesian treatment of latent directed graph structure for non - iid data is provided where each child datum is sampled with a directed conditional dependence on a single unknown parent datum . the latent graph structure is assumed to lie in the family of directed out - tree graphs which leads to efficient bayesian inference . the latent likelihood of the data and its gradients are computable in closed form via tutte ' s directed matrix tree theorem using determinants and inverses of the out - l ←
→ better together : joint reasoning for non - rigid 3d reconstruction with specularities and shading ; we demonstrate the use of shape - from - shading ( sfs ) to improve both the quality and the robustness of 3d reconstruction of dynamic objects captured by a single camera . unlike previous approaches that made use of sfs as a post - processing step , we offer a principled integrated approach that solves dynamic object tracking and reconstruction and sfs as a single unified cost function . moving beyond lambertian s f s ←
→ natural data structure extracted from neighborhood - similarity graphs ; ' big ' high - dimensional data are commonly analyzed in low - dimensions , after performing a dimensionality - reduction step that inherently distorts the data structure . for the same purpose , clustering methods are also often used . these methods also introduce a bias , either by starting from the assumption of a particular geometric form of the clusters , or by using iterative schemes to enhance cluster contours , with uncontrollable consequences .←
→ a learning algorithm based on high school teaching wisdom ; a learning algorithm based on primary school teaching and learning is presented . the methodology is to continuously evaluate a student and to give them training on the examples for which they repeatedly fail , until , they can correctly answer all types of questions . this incremental learning procedure produces better learning curves by demanding the student to optimally dedicate their learning time on the failed examples . when used in machine learni ←
→ 3d based landmark tracker using superpixels based segmentation for neuroscience and biomechanics studies ; examining locomotion has improved our basic understanding of motor control and aided in treating motor impairment . mice and rats are premier models of human disease and increasingly the model systems of choice for basic neuroscience . high frame rates ( 250 hz ) are needed to quantify the kinematics of these running rodents . manual tracking , especially for multiple markers , becomes time - consuming and im ←
→ experimental and causal view on information integration in autonomous agents ; the amount of digitally available but heterogeneous information about the world is remarkable , and new technologies such as self - driving cars , smart homes , or the internet of things may further increase it . in this paper we present preliminary ideas about certain aspects of the problem of how such heterogeneous information can be harnessed by autonomous agents . after discussing potentials and limitations of some existing approa ←
→ learning multiple visual tasks while discovering their structure ; multi - task learning is a natural approach for computer vision applications that require the simultaneous solution of several distinct but related problems , e . g . object detection , classification , tracking of multiple agents , or denoising , to name a few . the key idea is that exploring task relatedness ( structure ) can lead to improved performances . in this paper , we propose and study a novel sparse , non - parametric approach exploiting the theo ←
→ mining complex hydrobiological data with galois lattices ; we have used galois lattices for mining hydrobiological data . these data are about macrophytes , that are macroscopic plants living in water bodies . these plants are characterized by several biological traits , that own several modalities . our aim is to cluster the plants according to their common traits and modalities and to find out the relations between traits . galois lattices are efficient methods for such an aim , but apply on binary data . in this ←
→ distributed bundle adjustment ; most methods for bundle adjustment ( ba ) in computer vision are either centralized or operate incrementally . this leads to poor scaling and affects the quality of solution as the number of images grows in large scale structure from motion ( sfm ). furthermore , they cannot be used in scenarios where image acquisition and processing must be distributed . we address this problem with a new distributed ba algorithm . our distributed formulation uses alternating direction method of mul ←
→ evaluation of pose tracking accuracy in the first and second generations of microsoft kinect ; microsoft kinect camera and its skeletal tracking capabilities have been embraced by many researchers and commercial developers in various applications of real - time human movement analysis . in this paper , we evaluate the accuracy of the human kinematic motion data in the first and second generation of the kinect system , and compare the results with an optical motion capture system . we collected motion data in 12 ←
→ a computational model of afterimages based on simultaneous and successive contrasts ; negative afterimage appears in our vision when we shift our gaze from an over stimulated original image to a new area with a uniform color . the colors of negative afterimages differ from the old stimulating colors in the original image when the color in the new area is either neutral or chromatic . the interaction between stimulating colors in the test and inducing field in the original image changes our color perception ←
→ video acceleration magnification ; the ability to amplify or reduce subtle image changes over time is useful in contexts such as video editing , medical video analysis , product quality control and sports . in these contexts there is often large motion present which severely distorts current video amplification methods that magnify change linearly . in this work we propose a method to cope with large motions while still magnifying small changes . we make the following two observations : i ) large motions are linea ←
→ approximate policy iteration with a policy language bias : solving relational markov decision processes ; we study an approach to policy selection for large relational markov decision processes ( mdps ). we consider a variant of approximate policy iteration ( api ) that replaces the usual value - function learning step with a learning step in policy space . this is advantageous in domains where good policies are easier to represent and learn than the corresponding value functions , which is often the case for the ←
→ long - range correlation underlying childhood language and generative models ; long - range correlation , a property of time series exhibiting long - term memory , is mainly studied in the statistical physics domain and has been reported to exist in natural language . using a state - of - the - art method for such analysis , long - range correlation is first shown to occur in long childes data sets . to understand why , bayesian generative models of language , originally proposed in the cognitive scientific domain , are invest ←
→ learning rbm with a dc programming approach ; by exploiting the property that the rbm log - likelihood function is the difference of convex functions , we formulate a stochastic variant of the difference of convex functions ( dc ) programming to minimize the negative log - likelihood . interestingly , the traditional contrastive divergence algorithm is a special case of the above formulation and the hyperparameters of the two algorithms can be chosen such that the amount of computation per mini - batch is identical . w ←
→ combogan : unrestrained scalability for image domain translation ; this year alone has seen unprecedented leaps in the area of learning - based image translation , namely cyclegan , by zhu et al . but experiments so far have been tailored to merely two domains at a time , and scaling them to more would require an quadratic number of models to be trained . and with two - domain models taking days to train on current hardware , the number of domains quickly becomes limited by the time and resources required to process t ←
→ sparse depth sensing for resource - constrained robots ; we consider the case in which a robot has to navigate in an unknown environment but does not have enough on - board power or payload to carry a traditional depth sensor ( e . g ., a 3d lidar ) and thus can only acquire a few ( point - wise ) depth measurements . we address the following question : is it possible to reconstruct the geometry of an unknown environment using sparse and incomplete depth measurements ? reconstruction from incomplete data is not possible in ←
→ mivar : transition from productions to bipartite graphs mivar nets and practical realization of automated constructor of algorithms handling more than three million production rules ; the theoretical transition from the graphs of production systems to the bipartite graphs of the mivar nets is shown . examples of the implementation of the mivar nets in the formalisms of matrixes and graphs are given . the linear computational complexity of algorithms for automated building of objects and rules of the mivar ←
→ bayesian prediction for artificial intelligence ; this paper shows that the common method used for making predictions under uncertainty in a1 and science is in error . this method is to use currently available data to select the best model from a given class of models - this process is called abduction - and then to use this model to make predictions about future data . the correct method requires averaging over all the models to make a prediction - we call this method transduction . using transduction , an ai system ←
→ quantum cognition beyond hilbert space i : fundamentals ; the formalism of quantum theory in hilbert space has been applied with success to the modeling and explanation of several cognitive phenomena , whereas traditional cognitive approaches were problematical . however , this ' quantum cognition paradigm ' was recently challenged by its proven impossibility to simultaneously model ' question order effects ' and ' response replicability '. in part i of this paper we describe sequential dichotomic measurements within ←
→ the complexity of reasoning with cardinality restrictions and nominals in expressive description logics ; we study the complexity of the combination of the description logics alcq and alcqi with a terminological formalism based on cardinality restrictions on concepts . these combinations can naturally be embedded into c ^ 2 , the two variable fragment of predicate logic with counting quantifiers , which yields decidability in nexptime . we show that this approach leads to an optimal solution for alcqi , as alcqi ←
→ radial line fourier descriptor for historical handwritten text representation ; automatic recognition of historical handwritten manuscripts is a daunting task due to paper degradation over time . recognition - free retrieval or word spotting is popularly used for information retrieval and digitization of the historical handwritten documents . however , the performance of word spotting algorithms depends heavily on feature detection and representation methods . although there exist popular feature descriptors su ←
→ treeview : peeking into deep neural networks via feature - space partitioning ; with the advent of highly predictive but opaque deep learning models , it has become more important than ever to understand and explain the predictions of such models . existing approaches define interpretability as the inverse of complexity and achieve interpretability at the cost of accuracy . this introduces a risk of producing interpretable but misleading explanations . as humans , we are prone to engage in this kind of behavior \←
→ active learning with multiple views ; active learners alleviate the burden of labeling large amounts of data by detecting and asking the user to label only the most informative examples in the domain . we focus here on active learning for multi - view domains , in which there are several disjoint subsets of features ( views ), each of which is sufficient to learn the target concept . in this paper we make several contributions . first , we introduce co - testing , which is the first approach to multi - view active learni ←
→ golden years , golden shores : a study of elders in online travel communities ; in this paper we present our exploratory findings related to extracting knowledge and experiences from a community of senior tourists . by using tools of qualitative analysis as well as review of literature , we managed to verify a set of hypotheses related to the content created by senior tourists when participating in on - line communities . we also produced a codebook , representing various themes one may encounter in such communit ←
→ unification of fusion theories ; since no fusion theory neither rule fully satisfy all needed applications , the author proposes a unification of fusion theories and a combination of fusion rules in solving problems / applications . for each particular application , one selects the most appropriate model , rule ( s ), and algorithm of implementation . we are working in the unification of the fusion theories and rules , which looks like a cooking recipe , better we ' d say like a logical chart for a computer programmer , b ←
→ why are deep nets reversible : a simple theory , with implications for training ; generative models for deep learning are promising both to improve understanding of the model , and yield training methods requiring fewer labeled samples . recent works use generative model approaches to produce the deep net ' s input given the value of a hidden layer several levels above . however , there is no accompanying " proof of correctness " for the generative model , showing that the feedforward deep net is the correct infer ←
→ gearbox fault detection through pso exact wavelet analysis and svm classifier ; time - frequency methods for vibration - based gearbox faults detection have been considered the most efficient method . among these methods , continuous wavelet transform ( cwt ) as one of the best time - frequency method has been used for both stationary and transitory signals . some deficiencies of cwt are problem of overlapping and distortion ofsignals . in this condition , a large amount of redundant information exists so that it may ←
→ a comparative analysis for determining the optimal path using pso and ga ; significant research has been carried out recently to find the optimal path in network routing . among them , the evolutionary algorithm approach is an area where work is carried out extensively . we in this paper have used particle swarm optimization ( pso ) and genetic algorithm ( ga ) for finding the optimal path and the concept of region based network is introduced along with the use of indirect encoding . we demonstrate the advantage of ←
→ abtree : an algorithm for subgroup - based treatment assignment ; given two possible treatments , there may exist subgroups who benefit greater from one treatment than the other . this problem is relevant to the field of marketing , where treatments may correspond to different ways of selling a product . it is similarly relevant to the field of public policy , where treatments may correspond to specific government programs . and finally , personalized medicine is a field wholly devoted to understanding which subgroup ←
→ efficient design of triplet based spike - timing dependent plasticity ; spike - timing dependent plasticity ( stdp ) is believed to play an important role in learning and the formation of computational function in the brain . the classical model of stdp which considers the timing between pairs of pre - synaptic and post - synaptic spikes ( p - stdp ) is incapable of reproducing synaptic weight changes similar to those seen in biological experiments which investigate the effect of either higher order spike trains ( e . g . tri ←
→ stwalk : learning trajectory representations in temporal graphs ; analyzing the temporal behavior of nodes in time - varying graphs is useful for many applications such as targeted advertising , community evolution and outlier detection . in this paper , we present a novel approach , stwalk , for learning trajectory representations of nodes in temporal graphs . the proposed framework makes use of structural properties of graphs at current and previous time - steps to learn effective node trajectory representations . st ←
→ fast yolo : a fast you only look once system for real - time embedded object detection in video ; object detection is considered one of the most challenging problems in this field of computer vision , as it involves the combination of object classification and object localization within a scene . recently , deep neural networks ( dnns ) have been demonstrated to achieve superior object detection performance compared to other approaches , with yolov2 ( an improved you only look once model ) being one of the state - of -←
→ radiation search operations using scene understanding with autonomous uav and ugv ; autonomously searching for hazardous radiation sources requires the ability of the aerial and ground systems to understand the scene they are scouting . in this paper , we present systems , algorithms , and experiments to perform radiation search using unmanned aerial vehicles ( uav ) and unmanned ground vehicles ( ugv ) by employing semantic scene segmentation . the aerial data is used to identify radiological points of interest , ←
→ automatic extraction of the passing strategies of soccer teams ; technology offers new ways to measure the locations of the players and of the ball in sports . this translates to the trajectories the ball takes on the field as a result of the tactics the team applies . the challenge professionals in soccer are facing is to take the reverse path : given the trajectories of the ball is it possible to infer the underlying strategy / tactic of a team ? we propose a method based on dynamic time warping to reveal the t ←
→ multi - font multi - size kannada numeral recognition based on structural features ; in this paper a fast and novel method is proposed for multi - font multi - size kannada numeral recognition which is thinning free and without size normalization approach . the different structural feature are used for numeral recognition namely , directional density of pixels in four directions , water reservoirs , maximum profile distances , and fill hole density are used for the recognition of kannada numerals . a euclidian minimum ←
→ lose the views : limited angle ct reconstruction via implicit sinogram completion ; computed tomography ( ct ) reconstruction is a fundamental component to a wide variety of applications ranging from security , to healthcare . the classical techniques require measuring projections , called sinograms , from a full 180 $^\ circ $ view of the object . this is impractical in a limited angle scenario , when the viewing angle is less than 180 $^\ circ $, which can occur due to different factors including restrictions on scann ←
→ learning similarity preserving representations with neural similarity encoders ; many dimensionality reduction or manifold learning algorithms optimize for retaining the pairwise similarities , distances , or local neighborhoods of data points . spectral methods like kernel pca ( kpca ) or isomap achieve this by computing the singular value decomposition ( svd ) of some similarity matrix to obtain a low dimensional representation of the original data . however , this is computationally expensive if a lot of traini ←
→ learning complex dexterous manipulation with deep reinforcement learning and demonstrations ; dexterous multi - fingered hands are extremely versatile and provide a generic way to perform multiple tasks in human - centric environments . however , effectively controlling them remains challenging due to their high dimensionality and large number of potential contacts . deep reinforcement learning ( drl ) provides a model - agnostic approach to control complex dynamical systems , but has not been shown to scale to high -←
→ improving slot filling performance with attentive neural networks on dependency structures ; slot filling ( sf ) aims to extract the values of certain types of attributes ( or slots , such as person : cities \ _of \ _residence ) for a given entity from a large collection of source documents . in this paper we propose an effective dnn architecture for sf with the following new strategies : ( 1 ). take a regularized dependency graph instead of a raw sentence as input to dnn , to compress the wide contexts between query and ←
→ using kl - divergence to focus deep visual explanation ; we present a method for explaining the image classification predictions of deep convolution neural networks , by highlighting the pixels in the image which influence the final class prediction . our method requires the identification of a heuristic method to select parameters hypothesized to be most relevant in this prediction , and here we use kullback - leibler divergence to provide this focus . overall , our approach helps in understanding and interpreting ←
→ actor - action semantic segmentation with grouping process models ; actor - action semantic segmentation made an important step toward advanced video understanding problems : what action is happening ; who is performing the action ; and where is the action in space - time . current models for this problem are local , based on layered crfs , and are unable to capture long - ranging interaction of video parts . we propose a new model that combines these local labeling crfs with a hierarchical supervoxel decomposition . the s ←
→ describing common human visual actions in images ; which common human actions and interactions are recognizable in monocular still images ? which involve objects and / or other people ? how many is a person performing at a time ? we address these questions by exploring the actions and interactions that are detectable in the images of the ms coco dataset . we make two main contributions . first , a list of 140 common ` visual actions ', obtained by analyzing the largest on - line verb lexicon currently available for eng ←
→ using slp neural network to persian handwritten digits recognition ; this paper has been withdrawn by the author ali pourmohammad .←
→ great expectations . part ii : generalized expected utility as a universal decision rule ; many different rules for decision making have been introduced in the literature . we show that a notion of generalized expected utility proposed in part i of this paper is a universal decision rule , in the sense that it can represent essentially all other decision rules .←
→ investigation and assessment of disorder of ultrasound b - mode images ; digital image plays a vital role in the early detection of cancers , such as prostate cancer , breast cancer , lungs cancer , cervical cancer . ultrasound imaging method is also suitable for early detection of the abnormality of fetus . the accurate detection of region of interest in ultrasound image is crucial . since the result of reflection , refraction and deflection of ultrasound waves from different types of tissues with different acoustic ←
→ tight performance bounds for approximate modified policy iteration with non - stationary policies ; we consider approximate dynamic programming for the infinite - horizon stationary $\ gamma $- discounted optimal control problem formalized by markov decision processes . while in the exact case it is known that there always exists an optimal policy that is stationary , we show that when using value function approximation , looking for a non - stationary policy may lead to a better performance guarantee . we define a no ←
→ fsitm : a feature similarity index for tone - mapped images ; in this work , based on the local phase information of images , an objective index , called the feature similarity index for tone - mapped images ( fsitm ), is proposed . to evaluate a tone mapping operator ( tmo ), the proposed index compares the locally weighted mean phase angle map of an original high dynamic range ( hdr ) to that of its associated tone - mapped image calculated using the output of the tmo method . in experiments on two standard databases , it i ←
→ optimal generalized decision trees via integer programming ; decision trees have been a very popular class of predictive models for decades due to their interpretability and good performance on categorical features . however , they are not always robust and tend to overfit the data . additionally , if allowed to grow large , they lose interpretability . in this paper , we present a novel mixed integer programming formulation to construct optimal decision trees of specified size . we take special structure of catego ←
→ scene - adapted plug - and - play algorithm with convergence guarantees ; recent frameworks , such as the so - called plug - and - play , allow us to leverage the developments in image denoising to tackle other , and more involved , problems in image processing . as the name suggests , state - of - the - art denoisers are plugged into an iterative algorithm that alternates between a denoising step and the inversion of the observation operator . while these tools offer flexibility , the convergence of the resulting algorithm may be d ←
→ learning from noisy singly - labeled data ; supervised learning depends on annotated examples , which are taken to be the \ emph { ground truth }. but these labels often come from noisy crowdsourcing platforms , like amazon mechanical turk . practitioners typically collect multiple labels per example and aggregate the results to mitigate noise ( the classic crowdsourcing problem ). given a fixed annotation budget and unlimited unlabeled data , redundant annotation comes at the expense of fewer labeled examples . this ra ←
→ database learning : toward a database that becomes smarter every time ; in today ' s databases , previous query answers rarely benefit answering future queries . for the first time , to the best of our knowledge , we change this paradigm in an approximate query processing ( aqp ) context . we make the following observation : the answer to each query reveals some degree of knowledge about the answer to another query because their answers stem from the same underlying distribution that has produced the entire dataset . e ←
→ todim and topsis with z - numbers ; in this paper , we present an approach that is able to handle with z - numbers in the context of multi - criteria decision making ( mcdm ) problems . z - numbers are composed of two parts , the first one is a restriction on the values that can be assumed , and the second part is the reliability of the information . as human beings we communicate with other people by means of natural language using sentences like : the journey time from home to university takes about half hour , very likel ←
→ alternating multi - bit quantization for recurrent neural networks ; recurrent neural networks have achieved excellent performance in many applications . however , on portable devices with limited resources , the models are often too large to deploy . for applications on the server with large scale concurrent requests , the latency during inference can also be very critical for costly computing resources . in this work , we address these problems by quantizing the network , both weights and activations , into multiple ←
→ the unreasonable effectiveness of noisy data for fine - grained recognition ; current approaches for fine - grained recognition do the following : first , recruit experts to annotate a dataset of images , optionally also collecting more structured data in the form of part annotations and bounding boxes . second , train a model utilizing this data . toward the goal of solving fine - grained recognition , we introduce an alternative approach , leveraging free , noisy data from the web and simple , generic methods of recogn ←
→ a novel design of a parallel machine learnt generational garbage collector ; the generational garbage collection involves organizing the heap into different divisions of memory space in - order to filter long - lived objects from short - lived objects through moving the surviving object of each generation garbage collection cycle to another memory space updating its age and reclaiming space from the dead ones . the problem in this method is that the longer an object is alive during its initial generations the lo ←
→ features based text similarity detection ; as the internet help us cross cultural border by providing different information , plagiarism issue is bound to arise . as a result , plagiarism detection becomes more demanding in overcoming this issue . different plagiarism detection tools have been developed based on various detection techniques . nowadays , fingerprint matching technique plays an important role in those detection tools . however , in handling some large content articles , there are some weaknesses in fi ←
→ the view - update problem for indefinite databases ; this paper introduces and studies a declarative framework for updating views over indefinite databases . an indefinite database is a database with null values that are represented , following the standard database approach , by a single null constant . the paper formalizes views over such databases as indefinite deductive databases , and defines for them several classes of database repairs that realize view - update requests . most notable is the class of constrain ←
→ consistency and fluctuations for stochastic gradient langevin dynamics ; applying standard markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) algorithms to large data sets is computationally expensive . both the calculation of the acceptance probability and the creation of informed proposals usually require an iteration through the whole data set . the recently proposed stochastic gradient langevin dynamics ( sgld ) method circumvents this problem by generating proposals which are only based on a subset of the data , by skipping t ←
→ domain adaptation extreme learning machines for drift compensation in e - nose systems ; this paper addresses an important issue , known as sensor drift that behaves a nonlinear dynamic property in electronic nose ( e - nose ), from the viewpoint of machine learning . traditional methods for drift compensation are laborious and costly due to the frequent acquisition and labeling process for gases samples recalibration . extreme learning machines ( elms ) have been confirmed to be efficient and effective learning tec ←
→ fast low - rank representation based spatial pyramid matching for image classification ; spatial pyramid matching ( spm ) and its variants have achieved a lot of success in image classification . the main difference among them is their encoding schemes . for example , scspm incorporates sparse code ( sc ) instead of vector quantization ( vq ) into the framework of spm . although the methods achieve a higher recognition rate than the traditional spm , they consume more time to encode the local descriptors extracted fro ←
→ spontaneous facial micro - expression recognition using discriminative spatiotemporal local binary pattern with an improved integral projection ; recently , there are increasing interests in inferring mirco - expression from facial image sequences . due to subtle facial movement of micro - expressions , feature extraction has become an important and critical issue for spontaneous facial micro - expression recognition . recent works usually used spatiotemporal local binary pattern for micro - expression analysis . howeve ←
→ symmetry breaking in neuroevolution : a technical report ; artificial neural networks ( ann ) comprise important symmetry properties , which can influence the performance of monte carlo methods in neuroevolution . the problem of the symmetries is also known as the competing conventions problem or simply as the permutation problem . in the literature , symmetries are mainly addressed in genetic algoritm based approaches . however , investigations in this direction based on other evolutionary algorithms ( ea ) are rare ←
→ jambot : music theory aware chord based generation of polyphonic music with lstms ; we propose a novel approach for the generation of polyphonic music based on lstms . we generate music in two steps . first , a chord lstm predicts a chord progression based on a chord embedding . a second lstm then generates polyphonic music from the predicted chord progression . the generated music sounds pleasing and harmonic , with only few dissonant notes . it has clear long - term structure that is similar to what a musician wo ←
→ feeling the bern : adaptive estimators for bernoulli probabilities of pairwise comparisons ; we study methods for aggregating pairwise comparison data in order to estimate outcome probabilities for future comparisons among a collection of n items . working within a flexible framework that imposes only a form of strong stochastic transitivity ( sst ), we introduce an adaptivity index defined by the indifference sets of the pairwise comparison probabilities . in addition to measuring the usual worst - case risk of ←
→ adaptive image denoising by targeted databases ; we propose a data - dependent denoising procedure to restore noisy images . different from existing denoising algorithms which search for patches from either the noisy image or a generic database , the new algorithm finds patches from a database that contains only relevant patches . we formulate the denoising problem as an optimal filter design problem and make two contributions . first , we determine the basis function of the denoising filter by solving a group spa ←
→ l2 - constrained softmax loss for discriminative face verification ; in recent years , the performance of face verification systems has significantly improved using deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ). a typical pipeline for face verification includes training a deep network for subject classification with softmax loss , using the penultimate layer output as the feature descriptor , and generating a cosine similarity score given a pair of face images . the softmax loss function does not optimize the featur ←
→ bayesian optimization with shape constraints ; in typical applications of bayesian optimization , minimal assumptions are made about the objective function being optimized . this is true even when researchers have prior information about the shape of the function with respect to one or more argument . we make the case that shape constraints are often appropriate in at least two important application areas of bayesian optimization : ( 1 ) hyperparameter tuning of machine learning algorithms and ( 2 ) decision analys ←
→ 2d discrete fourier transform with simultaneous edge artifact removal for real - time applications ; two - dimensional ( 2d ) discrete fourier transform ( dft ) is a basic and computationally intensive algorithm , with a vast variety of applications . 2d images are , in general , non - periodic , but are assumed to be periodic while calculating their dfts . this leads to cross - shaped artifacts in the frequency domain due to spectral leakage . these artifacts can have critical consequences if the dfts are being used for fu ←
→ design of ofdm radar pulses using genetic algorithm based techniques ; the merit of evolutionary algorithms ( ea ) to solve convex optimization problems is widely acknowledged . in this paper , a genetic algorithm ( ga ) optimization based waveform design framework is used to improve the features of radar pulses relying on the orthogonal frequency division multiplexing ( ofdm ) structure . our optimization techniques focus on finding optimal phase code sequences for the ofdm signal . several optimality criteria are u ←
→ food recognition and recipe analysis : integrating visual content , context and external knowledge ; the central role of food in our individual and social life , combined with recent technological advances , has motivated a growing interest in applications that help to better monitor dietary habits as well as the exploration and retrieval of food - related information . we review how visual content , context and external knowledge can be integrated effectively into food - oriented applications , with special focus o ←
→ kickback cuts backprop ' s red - tape : biologically plausible credit assignment in neural networks ; error backpropagation is an extremely effective algorithm for assigning credit in artificial neural networks . however , weight updates under backprop depend on lengthy recursive computations and require separate output and error messages -- features not shared by biological neurons , that are perhaps unnecessary . in this paper , we revisit backprop and the credit assignment problem . we first decompose backprop in ←
→ interpretable low - dimensional regression via data - adaptive smoothing ; we consider the problem of estimating a regression function in the common situation where the number of features is small , where interpretability of the model is a high priority , and where simple linear or additive models fail to provide adequate performance . to address this problem , we present maximum variance total variation denoising ( mvtv ), an approach that is conceptually related both to cart and to the more recent crisp algorithm , ←
→ adversarial discriminative domain adaptation ; adversarial learning methods are a promising approach to training robust deep networks , and can generate complex samples across diverse domains . they also can improve recognition despite the presence of domain shift or dataset bias : several adversarial approaches to unsupervised domain adaptation have recently been introduced , which reduce the difference between the training and test domain distributions and thus improve generalization performance . prior genera ←
→ idsa : intelligent distributed sensor activation algorithm for target tracking with wireless sensor network ; one important application of the wireless sensor network ( wsn ) is target tracking , the aim of this application is converging to an event or object in an area . in this paper , we propose an energy - efficient distributed sensor activation protocol based on predicted location technique , called intelligent distributed sensor activation algorithm ( idsa ). the proposed algorithm predicts the location of targ ←
→ adjuncts and the processing of lexical rules ; the standard hpsg analysis of germanic verb clusters can not explain the observed narrow - scope readings of adjuncts in such verb clusters . we present an extension of the hpsg analysis that accounts for the systematic ambiguity of the scope of adjuncts in verb cluster constructions , by treating adjuncts as members of the subcat list . the extension uses powerful recursive lexical rules , implemented as complex constraints . we show how ` delayed evaluation ' techniqu ←
→ label sanitization against label flipping poisoning attacks ; many machine learning systems rely on data collected in the wild from untrusted sources , exposing the learning algorithms to data poisoning . attackers can inject malicious data in the training dataset to subvert the learning process , compromising the performance of the algorithm producing errors in a targeted or an indiscriminate way . label flipping attacks are a special case of data poisoning , where the attacker can control the labels assigned t ←
→ semi - supervised few - shot learning with prototypical networks ; we consider the problem of semi - supervised few - shot classification ( when the few labeled samples are accompanied with unlabeled data ) and show how to adapt the prototypical networks to this problem . we first show that using larger and better regularized prototypical networks can improve the classification accuracy . we then show further improvements by making use of unlabeled data .←
→ morphological filtering in shape spaces : applications using tree - based image representations ; connected operators are filtering tools that act by merging elementary regions of an image . a popular strategy is based on tree - based image representations : for example , one can compute an attribute on each node of the tree and keep only the nodes for which the attribute is sufficiently strong . this operation can be seen as a thresholding of the tree , seen as a graph whose nodes are weighted by the attribute . ra ←
→ deep reinforcement learning for visual object tracking in videos ; in this paper we introduce a fully end - to - end approach for visual tracking in videos that learns to predict the bounding box locations of a target object at every frame . an important insight is that the tracking problem can be considered as a sequential decision - making process and historical semantics encode highly relevant information for future decisions . based on this intuition , we formulate our model as a recurrent convolutional neural n ←
→ highly efficient human action recognition with quantum genetic algorithm optimized support vector machine ; in this paper we propose the use of quantum genetic algorithm to optimize the support vector machine ( svm ) for human action recognition . the microsoft kinect sensor can be used for skeleton tracking , which provides the joints ' position data . however , how to extract the motion features for representing the dynamics of a human skeleton is still a challenge due to the complexity of human motion . we pre ←
→ towards an intelligent database system founded on the sp theory of computing and cognition ; the sp theory of computing and cognition , described in previous publications , is an attractive model for intelligent databases because it provides a simple but versatile format for different kinds of knowledge , it has capabilities in artificial intelligence , and it can also function like established database models when that is required . this paper describes how the sp model can emulate other models used in data ←
→ automation of pedestrian tracking in a crowded situation ; studies on microscopic pedestrian requires large amounts of trajectory data from real - world pedestrian crowds . such data collection , if done manually , needs tremendous effort and is very time consuming . though many studies have asserted the possibility of automating this task using video cameras , we found that only a few have demonstrated good performance in very crowded situations or from a top - angled view scene . this paper deals with tracking pede ←
→ deep inside convolutional networks : visualising image classification models and saliency maps ; this paper addresses the visualisation of image classification models , learnt using deep convolutional networks ( convnets ). we consider two visualisation techniques , based on computing the gradient of the class score with respect to the input image . the first one generates an image , which maximises the class score [ erhan et al ., 2009 ], thus visualising the notion of the class , captured by a convnet . the second ←
→ optimisation of photometric stereo methods by non - convex variational minimisation ; estimating shape and appearance of a three dimensional object from a given set of images is a classic research topic that is still actively pursued . among the various techniques available , ps is distinguished by the assumption that the underlying input images are taken from the same point of view but under different lighting conditions . the most common techniques provide the shape information in terms of surface normals . i ←
→ resolution of syntactic ambiguity : the case of new subjects ; i review evidence for the claim that syntactic ambiguities are resolved on the basis of the meaning of the competing analyses , not their structure . i identify a collection of ambiguities that do not yet have a meaning - based account and propose one which is based on the interaction of discourse and grammatical function . i provide evidence for my proposal by examining statistical properties of the penn treebank of syntactically annotated text .←
→ the effects of memory replay in reinforcement learning ; experience replay is a key technique behind many recent advances in deep reinforcement learning . allowing the agent to learn from earlier memories can speed up learning and break undesirable temporal correlations . despite its wide - spread application , very little is understood about the properties of experience replay . how does the amount of memory kept affect learning dynamics ? does it help to prioritize certain experiences ? in this paper , we address ←
→ end - to - end optimization of task - oriented dialogue model with deep reinforcement learning ; in this paper , we present a neural network based task - oriented dialogue system that can be optimized end - to - end with deep reinforcement learning ( rl ). the system is able to track dialogue state , interface with knowledge bases , and incorporate query results into agent ' s responses to successfully complete task - oriented dialogues . dialogue policy learning is conducted with a hybrid supervised and deep rl methods . we fi ←
→ on the influence of dice loss function in multi - class organ segmentation of abdominal ct using 3d fully convolutional networks ; deep learning - based methods achieved impressive results for the segmentation of medical images . with the development of 3d fully convolutional networks ( fcns ), it has become feasible to produce improved results for multi - organ segmentation of 3d computed tomography ( ct ) images . the results of multi - organ segmentation using deep learning - based methods not only depend on the choic ←
→ tagbook : a semantic video representation without supervision for event detection ; we consider the problem of event detection in video for scenarios where only few , or even zero examples are available for training . for this challenging setting , the prevailing solutions in the literature rely on a semantic video representation obtained from thousands of pre - trained concept detectors . different from existing work , we propose a new semantic video representation that is based on freely available social tagged ←
→ representing and aggregating conflicting beliefs ; we consider the two - fold problem of representing collective beliefs and aggregating these beliefs . we propose modular , transitive relations for collective beliefs . they allow us to represent conflicting opinions and they have a clear semantics . we compare them with the quasi - transitive relations often used in social choice . then , we describe a way to construct the belief state of an agent informed by a set of sources of varying degrees of reliability . this ←
→ an adaptive methodology for ubiquitous asr system ; achieving and maintaining the performance of ubiquitous ( automatic speech recognition ) asr system is a real challenge . the main objective of this work is to develop a method that will improve and show the consistency in performance of ubiquitous asr system for real world noisy environment . an adaptive methodology has been developed to achieve an objective with the help of implementing followings , - cleaning speech signal as much as possible while preserving ←
→ computational estimate visualisation and evaluation of agent classified rules learning system ; student modelling and agent classified rules learning as applied in the development of the intelligent preassessment system has been presented in [ 10 ],[ 11 ]. in this paper , we now demystify the theory behind the development of the pre - assessment system followed by some computational experimentation and graph visualisation of the agent classified rules learning algorithm in the estimation and prediction of classi ←
→ a tutorial on bayesian optimization of expensive cost functions , with application to active user modeling and hierarchical reinforcement learning ; we present a tutorial on bayesian optimization , a method of finding the maximum of expensive cost functions . bayesian optimization employs the bayesian technique of setting a prior over the objective function and combining it with evidence to get a posterior function . this permits a utility - based selection of the next observation to make on the objective funct ←
→ one - shot fine - grained instance retrieval ; fine - grained visual categorization ( fgvc ) has achieved significant progress recently . however , the number of fine - grained species could be huge and dynamically increasing in real scenarios , making it difficult to recognize unseen objects under the current fgvc framework . this raises an open issue to perform large - scale fine - grained identification without a complete training set . aiming to conquer this issue , we propose a retrieval task named one - shot fine - grained i ←
→ proximal methods for the latent group lasso penalty ; we consider a regularized least squares problem , with regularization by structured sparsity - inducing norms , which extend the usual $\ ell_1 $ and the group lasso penalty , by allowing the subsets to overlap . such regularizations lead to nonsmooth problems that are difficult to optimize , and we propose in this paper a suitable version of an accelerated proximal method to solve them . we prove convergence of a nested procedure , obtained composing an accelerate ←
→ automatic construction of a recurrent neural network based classifier for vehicle passage detection ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) are extensively used for time - series modeling and prediction . we propose an approach for automatic construction of a binary classifier based on long short - term memory rnns ( lstm - rnns ) for detection of a vehicle passage through a checkpoint . as an input to the classifier we use multidimensional signals of various sensors that are installed on the checkpoint . obtained result ←
→ computational models for multiview dense depth maps of dynamic scene ; this paper reviews the recent progresses of the depth map generation for dynamic scene and its corresponding computational models . this paper mainly covers the homogeneous ambiguity models in depth sensing , resolution models in depth processing , and consistency models in depth optimization . we also summarize the future work in the depth map generation .←
→ high throughput synchronous distributed stochastic gradient descent ; we introduce a new , high - throughput , synchronous , distributed , data - parallel , stochastic - gradient - descent learning algorithm . this algorithm uses amortized inference in a compute - cluster - specific , deep , generative , dynamical model to perform joint posterior predictive inference of the mini - batch gradient computation times of all worker - nodes in a parallel computing cluster . we show that a synchronous parameter server can , by utilizing suc ←
→ multiset ordering constraints ; we identify a new and important global ( or non - binary ) constraint . this constraint ensures that the values taken by two vectors of variables , when viewed as multisets , are ordered . this constraint is useful for a number of different applications including breaking symmetry and fuzzy constraint satisfaction . we propose and implement an efficient linear time algorithm for enforcing generalised arc consistency on such a multiset ordering constraint . experimental results on sever ←
→ level playing field for million scale face recognition ; face recognition has the perception of a solved problem , however when tested at the million - scale exhibits dramatic variation in accuracies across the different algorithms . are the algorithms very different ? is access to good / big training data their secret weapon ? where should face recognition improve ? to address those questions , we created a benchmark , mf2 , that requires all algorithms to be trained on same data , and tested at the million scale . mf2 ←
→ fuzzy inference system for integrated vvc in isolated power systems ; this paper presents a fuzzy inference system for integrated volt / var control ( vvc ) in distribution substations . the purpose is go forward to automation distribution applying conservation voltage reduction ( cvr ) in isolated power systems where control capabilities are limited . a fuzzy controller has been designed . working as an on - line tool , it has been tested under real conditions and it has managed the operation during a whole day in a d ←
→ global preferential consistency for the topological sorting - based maximal spanning tree problem ; we introduce a new type of fully computable problems , for dss dedicated to maximal spanning tree problems , based on deduction and choice : preferential consistency problems . to show its interest , we describe a new compact representation of preferences specific to spanning trees , identifying an efficient maximal spanning tree sub - problem . next , we compare this problem with the pareto - based multiobjective one . a ←
→ a birth and death process for bayesian network structure inference ; bayesian networks ( bns ) are graphical models that are useful for representing high - dimensional probability distributions . there has been a great deal of interest in recent years in the np - hard problem of learning the structure of a bn from observed data . typically , one assigns a score to various structures and the search becomes an optimization problem that can be approached with either deterministic or stochastic methods . in this paper , w ←
→ text segmentation based on semantic word embeddings ; we explore the use of semantic word embeddings in text segmentation algorithms , including the c99 segmentation algorithm and new algorithms inspired by the distributed word vector representation . by developing a general framework for discussing a class of segmentation objectives , we study the effectiveness of greedy versus exact optimization approaches and suggest a new iterative refinement technique for improving the performance of greedy strategies . we ←
→ autocompletion interfaces make crowd workers slower , but their use promotes response diversity ; creative tasks such as ideation or question proposal are powerful applications of crowdsourcing , yet the quantity of workers available for addressing practical problems is often insufficient . to enable scalable crowdsourcing thus requires gaining all possible efficiency and information from available workers . one option for text - focused tasks is to allow assistive technology , such as an autocompletion user int ←
→ a universal semantic space ; multilingual embeddings build on the success of monolingual embeddings and have applications in crosslingual transfer , in machine translation and in the digital humanities . we present the first multilingual embedding space for thousands of languages , a much larger number of languages than in prior work .←
→ first - order methods for geodesically convex optimization ; geodesic convexity generalizes the notion of ( vector space ) convexity to nonlinear metric spaces . but unlike convex optimization , geodesically convex ( g - convex ) optimization is much less developed . in this paper we contribute to the understanding of g - convex optimization by developing iteration complexity analysis for several first - order algorithms on hadamard manifolds . specifically , we prove upper bounds for the global complexity of deterministic ←
→ on the testable implications of causal models with hidden variables ; the validity of a causal model can be tested only if the model imposes constraints on the probability distribution that governs the generated data . in the presence of unmeasured variables , causal models may impose two types of constraints : conditional independencies , as read through the d - separation criterion , and functional constraints , for which no general criterion is available . this paper offers a systematic way of identifying funct ←
→ a factorization criterion for acyclic directed mixed graphs ; acyclic directed mixed graphs , also known as semi - markov models represent the conditional independence structure induced on an observed margin by a dag model with latent variables . in this paper we present a factorization criterion for these models that is equivalent to the global markov property given by ( the natural extension of ) d - separation .←
→ knowledge aided consistency for weakly supervised phrase grounding ; given a natural language query , a phrase grounding system aims to localize mentioned objects in an image . in weakly supervised scenario , mapping between image regions ( i . e ., proposals ) and language is not available in the training set . previous methods address this deficiency by training a grounding system via learning to reconstruct language information contained in input queries from predicted proposals . however , the optimization is sole ←
→ oracle complexity of second - order methods for finite - sum problems ; finite - sum optimization problems are ubiquitous in machine learning , and are commonly solved using first - order methods which rely on gradient computations . recently , there has been growing interest in \ emph { second - order } methods , which rely on both gradients and hessians . in principle , second - order methods can require much fewer iterations than first - order methods , and hold the promise for more efficient algorithms . although computing and m ←
→ structured stochastic variational inference ; stochastic variational inference makes it possible to approximate posterior distributions induced by large datasets quickly using stochastic optimization . the algorithm relies on the use of fully factorized variational distributions . however , this " mean - field " independence approximation limits the fidelity of the posterior approximation , and introduces local optima . we show how to relax the mean - field approximation to allow arbitrary dependencies between global ←
→ depth image hand tracking from an overhead perspective using partially labeled , unbalanced data : development and real - world testing ; we present the development and evaluation of a hand tracking algorithm based on single depth images captured from an overhead perspective for use in the coach prompting system . we train a random decision forest body part classifier using approximately 5 , 000 manually labeled , unbalanced , partially labeled training images . the classifier represents a random subset of pixels i ←
→ multiresolution tensor decomposition for multiple spatial passing networks ; this article is motivated by soccer positional passing networks collected across multiple games . we refer to these data as replicated spatial passing networks --- to accurately model such data it is necessary to take into account the spatial positions of the passer and receiver for each passing event . this spatial registration and replicates that occur across games represent key differences with usual social network data . as a key ←
→ a new approach to speeding up topic modeling ; latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) is a widely - used probabilistic topic modeling paradigm , and recently finds many applications in computer vision and computational biology . in this paper , we propose a fast and accurate batch algorithm , active belief propagation ( abp ), for training lda . usually batch lda algorithms require repeated scanning of the entire corpus and searching the complete topic space . to process massive corpora having a large number of topics , th ←
→ an improved dc recovery method from ac coefficients of dct - transformed images ; motivated by the work of uehara et al . [ 1 ], an improved method to recover dc coefficients from ac coefficients of dct - transformed images is investigated in this work , which finds applications in cryptanalysis of selective multimedia encryption . the proposed under / over - flow rate minimization ( frm ) method employs an optimization process to get a statistically more accurate estimation of unknown dc coefficients , thus achieving a ←
→ single image super - resolution using multi - scale convolutional neural network ; methods based on convolutional neural network ( cnn ) have demonstrated tremendous improvements on single image super - resolution . however , the previous methods mainly restore images from one single area in the low resolution ( lr ) input , which limits the flexibility of models to infer various scales of details for high resolution ( hr ) output . moreover , most of them train a specific model for each up - scale factor . in this paper , we ←
→ scaling graph - based semi supervised learning to large number of labels using count - min sketch ; graph - based semi - supervised learning ( ssl ) algorithms have been successfully used in a large number of applications . these methods classify initially unlabeled nodes by propagating label information over the structure of graph starting from seed nodes . graph - based ssl algorithms usually scale linearly with the number of distinct labels ( m ), and require o ( m ) space on each node . unfortunately , there exist many ap ←
→ probabilistic evaluation of candidates and symptom clustering for multidisorder diagnosis ; this paper derives a formula for computing the conditional probability of a set of candidates , where a candidate is a set of disorders that explain a given set of positive findings . such candidate sets are produced by a recent method for multidisorder diagnosis called symptom clustering . a symptom clustering represents a set of candidates compactly as a cartesian product of differential diagnoses . by evaluating the ←
→ data - driven impulse response regularization via deep learning ; we consider the problem of impulse response estimation for stable linear single - input single - output systems . it is a well - studied problem where flexible non - parametric models recently offered a leap in performance compared to the classical finite - dimensional model structures . inspired by this development and the success of deep learning we propose a new flexible data - driven model . our experiments indicate that the new model is capable of exploi ←
→ generating high quality visible images from sar images using cnns ; we propose a novel approach for generating high quality visible - like images from synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) images using deep convolutional generative adversarial network ( gan ) architectures . the proposed approach is based on a cascaded network of convolutional neural nets ( cnns ) for despeckling and image colorization . the cascaded structure results in faster convergence during training and produces high quality visible images from the ←
→ safe pattern pruning : an efficient approach for predictive pattern mining ; in this paper we study predictive pattern mining problems where the goal is to construct a predictive model based on a subset of predictive patterns in the database . our main contribution is to introduce a novel method called safe pattern pruning ( spp ) for a class of predictive pattern mining problems . the spp method allows us to efficiently find a superset of all the predictive patterns in the database that are needed for the opt ←
→ possibilistic pertinence feedback and semantic networks for goal ' s extraction ; pertinence feedback is a technique that enables a user to interactively express his information requirement by modifying his original query formulation with further information . this information is provided by explicitly confirming the pertinent of some indicating objects and / or goals extracted by the system . obviously the user cannot mark objects and / or goals as pertinent until some are extracted , so the first search has to b ←
→ probabilistic belief change : expansion , conditioning and constraining ; the agm theory of belief revision has become an important paradigm for investigating rational belief changes . unfortunately , researchers working in this paradigm have restricted much of their attention to rather simple representations of belief states , namely logically closed sets of propositional sentences . in our opinion , this has resulted in a too abstract categorisation of belief change operations : expansion , revision , or contractio ←
→ generative prior knowledge for discriminative classification ; we present a novel framework for integrating prior knowledge into discriminative classifiers . our framework allows discriminative classifiers such as support vector machines ( svms ) to utilize prior knowledge specified in the generative setting . the dual objective of fitting the data and respecting prior knowledge is formulated as a bilevel program , which is solved ( approximately ) via iterative application of second - order cone programming . to tes ←
→ selection of future events from a time series in relation to estimations of forecasting uncertainty ; a new general procedure for a priori selection of more predictable events from a time series of observed variable is proposed . the procedure is applicable to time series which contains different types of events that feature significantly different predictability , or , in other words , to heteroskedastic time series . a priori selection of future events in accordance to expected uncertainty of their forecasts ←
→ m4cd : a robust change detection method for intelligent visual surveillance ; in this paper , we propose a robust change detection method for intelligent visual surveillance . this method , named m4cd , includes three major steps . firstly , a sample - based background model that integrates color and texture cues is built and updated over time . secondly , multiple heterogeneous features ( including brightness variation , chromaticity variation , and texture variation ) are extracted by comparing the input frame with th ←
→ global hypothesis generation for 6d object pose estimation ; this paper addresses the task of estimating the 6d pose of a known 3d object from a single rgb - d image . most modern approaches solve this task in three steps : i ) compute local features ; ii ) generate a pool of pose - hypotheses ; iii ) select and refine a pose from the pool . this work focuses on the second step . while all existing approaches generate the hypotheses pool via local reasoning , e . g . ransac or hough - voting , we are the first to show that glo ←
→ fully automatic multi - language translation with a catalogue of phrases - successful employment for the swiss avalanche bulletin ; the swiss avalanche bulletin is produced twice a day in four languages . due to the lack of time available for manual translation , a fully automated translation system is employed , based on a catalogue of predefined phrases and predetermined rules of how these phrases can be combined to produce sentences . because this catalogue of phrases is limited to a small sublanguage , the s ←
→ simultaneous detection and segmentation ; we aim to detect all instances of a category in an image and , for each instance , mark the pixels that belong to it . we call this task simultaneous detection and segmentation ( sds ). unlike classical bounding box detection , sds requires a segmentation and not just a box . unlike classical semantic segmentation , we require individual object instances . we build on recent work that uses convolutional neural networks to classify category - independent region proposals ( r - cnn ←
→ an evolving cascade neural network technique for cleaning sleep electroencephalograms ; evolving cascade neural networks ( ecnns ) and a new training algorithm capable of selecting informative features are described . the ecnn initially learns with one input node and then evolves by adding new inputs as well as new hidden neurons . the resultant ecnn has a near minimal number of hidden neurons and inputs . the algorithm is successfully used for training ecnn to recognise artefacts in sleep electroencephalogram ←
→ the role of time in considering collections ; the paper concerns the understanding of plurals in the framework of artificial intelligence and emphasizes the role of time . the construction of collection ( s ) and their evolution across time is often crucial and has to be accounted for . the paper contrasts a " de dicto " collection where the collection can be considered as persisting over these situations even if its members change with a " de re " collection whose composition does not vary through time . it expresse ←
→ teaching uavs to race with observational imitation learning ; recent work has tackled the problem of autonomous navigation by imitating a teacher and learning an end - to - end policy , which directly predicts controls from raw images . however , these approaches tend to be sensitive to mistakes by the teacher and do not scale well to other environments or vehicles . to this end , we propose a modular network architecture that decouples perception from control , and is trained using observational imitation learning (←
→ optimizing the learning order of chinese characters using a novel topological sort algorithm ; we present a novel algorithm for optimizing the order in which chinese characters are learned , one that incorporates the benefits of learning them in order of usage frequency and in order of their hierarchal structural relationships . we show that our work outperforms previously published orders and algorithms . our algorithm is applicable to any scheduling task where nodes have intrinsic differences in importance ←
→ on generation of adversarial examples using convex programming ; it has been observed that deep learning architectures tend to make erroneous decisions with high reliability for particularly designed adversarial instances . in this work , we show that the perturbation analysis of these architectures provides a method for generating adversarial instances by convex programming which , for classification tasks , recovers variants of existing non - adaptive adversarial methods . the proposed method can be used for the ←
→ spectral graph convolutions for population - based disease prediction ; exploiting the wealth of imaging and non - imaging information for disease prediction tasks requires models capable of representing , at the same time , individual features as well as data associations between subjects from potentially large populations . graphs provide a natural framework for such tasks , yet previous graph - based approaches focus on pairwise similarities without modelling the subjects ' individual characteristics and features . ←
→ multiobjective programming for type - 2 hierarchical fuzzy inference trees ; this paper proposes a design of hierarchical fuzzy inference tree ( hfit ). an hfit produces an optimum treelike structure , i . e ., a natural hierarchical structure that accommodates simplicity by combining several low - dimensional fuzzy inference systems ( fiss ). such a natural hierarchical structure provides a high degree of approximation accuracy . the construction of hfit takes place in two phases . firstly , a nondominated sorting based ←
→ distributed adaptive learning of graph signals ; the aim of this paper is to propose distributed strategies for adaptive learning of signals defined over graphs . assuming the graph signal to be bandlimited , the method enables distributed reconstruction , with guaranteed performance in terms of mean - square error , and tracking from a limited number of sampled observations taken from a subset of vertices . a detailed mean square analysis is carried out and illustrates the role played by the sampling strategy on ←
→ unbiased black - box complexities of jump functions ; we analyze the unbiased black - box complexity of jump functions with small , medium , and large sizes of the fitness plateau surrounding the optimal solution . among other results , we show that when the jump size is $( 1 / 2 - \ varepsilon ) n $, that is , only a small constant fraction of the fitness values is visible , then the unbiased black - box complexities for arities $ 3 $ and higher are of the same order as those for the simple \ textsc { onemax } function . even for ←
→ automagically encoding adverse drug reactions in meddra ; pharmacovigilance is the field of science devoted to the collection , analysis and prevention of adverse drug reactions ( adrs ). efficient strategies for the extraction of information about adrs from free text resources are essential to support the work of experts , employed in the crucial task of detecting and classifying unexpected pathologies possibly related to drug assumptions . narrative adr descriptions may be collected in several way , e . g . by mon ←
→ incremental knowledge base construction using deepdive ; populating a database with unstructured information is a long - standing problem in industry and research that encompasses problems of extraction , cleaning , and integration . recent names used for this problem include dealing with dark data and knowledge base construction ( kbc ). in this work , we describe deepdive , a system that combines database and machine learning ideas to help develop kbc systems , and we present techniques to make the kbc process more ←
→ early hospital mortality prediction using vital signals ; early hospital mortality prediction is critical as intensivists strive to make efficient medical decisions about the severely ill patients staying in intensive care units . as a result , various methods have been developed to address this problem based on clinical records . however , some of the laboratory test results are time - consuming and need to be processed . in this paper , we propose a novel method to predict mortality using features extracted from ←
→ classification of sets using restricted boltzmann machines ; we consider the problem of classification when inputs correspond to sets of vectors . this setting occurs in many problems such as the classification of pieces of mail containing several pages , of web sites with several sections or of images that have been pre - segmented into smaller regions . we propose generalizations of the restricted boltzmann machine ( rbm ) that are appropriate in this context and explore how to incorporate different assumptions ←
→ pagination : it ' s what you say , not how long it takes to say it ; pagination - the process of determining where to break an article across pages in a multi - article layout is a common layout challenge for most commercially printed newspapers and magazines . to date , no one has created an algorithm that determines a minimal pagination break point based on the content of the article . existing approaches for automatic multi - article layout focus exclusively on maximizing content ( number of articles ) and optimizing ←
→ improving sentiment analysis in arabic using word representation ; the complexities of arabic language in morphology , orthography and dialects makes sentiment analysis for arabic more challenging . also , text feature extraction from short messages like tweets , in order to gauge the sentiment , makes this task even more difficult . in recent years , deep neural networks were often employed and showed very good results in sentiment classification and natural language processing applications . word embedding , or wo ←
→ visual object categorization with new keypoint - based adaboost features ; we present promising results for visual object categorization , obtained with adaboost using new original ? keypoints - based features ?. these weak - classifiers produce a boolean response based on presence or absence in the tested image of a ? keypoint ? ( a kind of surf interest point ) with a descriptor sufficiently similar ( i . e . within a given distance ) to a reference descriptor characterizing the feature . a first experiment was conducted on ←
→ novel evaluation metrics for seam carving based image retargeting ; image retargeting effectively resizes images by preserving the recognizability of important image regions . most of retargeting methods rely on good importance maps as a cue to retain or remove certain regions in the input image . in addition , the traditional evaluation exhaustively depends on user ratings . there is a legitimate need for a methodological approach for evaluating retargeted results . therefore , in this paper , we conduct a study ←
→ convex relaxations of structured matrix factorizations ; we consider the factorization of a rectangular matrix $ x $ into a positive linear combination of rank - one factors of the form $ u v ^\ top $, where $ u $ and $ v $ belongs to certain sets $\ mathcal { u }$ and $\ mathcal { v }$, that may encode specific structures regarding the factors , such as positivity or sparsity . in this paper , we show that computing the optimal decomposition is equivalent to computing a certain gauge function of $ x $ and we provide a detailed an ←
→ cultural shift or linguistic drift ? comparing two computational measures of semantic change ; words shift in meaning for many reasons , including cultural factors like new technologies and regular linguistic processes like subjectification . understanding the evolution of language and culture requires disentangling these underlying causes . here we show how two different distributional measures can be used to detect two different types of semantic change . the first measure , which has been used in many previo ←
→ class specific feature selection for interval valued data through interval k - means clustering ; in this paper , a novel feature selection approach for supervised interval valued features is proposed . the proposed approach takes care of selecting the class specific features through interval k - means clustering . the kernel of k - means clustering algorithm is modified to adapt interval valued data . during training , a set of samples corresponding to a class is fed into the interval k - means clustering algorithm , ←
→ on measurement bias in causal inference ; this paper addresses the problem of measurement errors in causal inference and highlights several algebraic and graphical methods for eliminating systematic bias induced by such errors . in particulars , the paper discusses the control of partially observable confounders in parametric and non parametric models and the computational problem of obtaining bias - free effect estimates in such models .←
→ visual translation embedding network for visual relation detection ; visual relations , such as " person ride bike " and " bike next to car ", offer a comprehensive scene understanding of an image , and have already shown their great utility in connecting computer vision and natural language . however , due to the challenging combinatorial complexity of modeling subject - predicate - object relation triplets , very little work has been done to localize and predict visual relations . inspired by the recent advances in rel ←
→ a preliminary study for building an arabic corpus of pair questions - texts from the web : aqa - webcorp ; with the development of electronic media and the heterogeneity of arabic data on the web , the idea of building a clean corpus for certain applications of natural language processing , including machine translation , information retrieval , question answer , become more and more pressing . in this manuscript , we seek to create and develop our own corpus of pair ' s questions - texts . this constitution then will pro ←
→ a neural language model for dynamically representing the meanings of unknown words and entities in a discourse ; this study addresses the problem of identifying the meaning of unknown words or entities in a discourse with respect to the word embedding approaches used in neural language models . we proposed a method for on - the - fly construction and exploitation of word embeddings in both the input and output layers of a neural model by tracking contexts . this extends the dynamic entity representation used in ←
→ exact and approximate inference in associative hierarchical networks using graph cuts ; markov networks are widely used through out computer vision and machine learning . an important subclass are the associative markov networks which are used in a wide variety of applications . for these networks a good approximate minimum cost solution can be found efficiently using graph cut based move making algorithms such as alpha - expansion . recently a related model has been proposed , the associative hierarchical netw ←
→ on the distortion of voting with multiple representative candidates ; we study positional voting rules when candidates and voters are embedded in a common metric space , and cardinal preferences are naturally given by distances in the metric space . in a positional voting rule , each candidate receives a score from each ballot based on the ballot ' s rank order ; the candidate with the highest total score wins the election . the cost of a candidate is his sum of distances to all voters , and the distortion of an el ←
→ photometric stereo for strong specular highlights ; photometric stereo ( ps ) is a fundamental technique in computer vision known to produce 3 - d shape with high accuracy . the setting of ps is defined by using several input images of a static scene taken from one and the same camera position but under varying illumination . the vast majority of studies in this 3 - d reconstruction method assume orthographic projection for the camera model . in addition , they mainly consider the lambertian reflectance model as the ←
→ stochastic global optimization algorithms : a systematic formal approach ; as we know , some global optimization problems cannot be solved using analytic methods , so numeric / algorithmic approaches are used to find near to the optimal solutions for them . a stochastic global optimization algorithm ( sgoal ) is an iterative algorithm that generates a new population ( a set of candidate solutions ) from a previous population using stochastic operations . although some research works have formalized sgoals using markov ←
→ robust multi biometric recognition using face and ear images ; this study investigates the use of ear as a biometric for authentication and shows experimental results obtained on a newly created dataset of 420 images . images are passed to a quality module in order to reduce false rejection rate . the principal component analysis ( eigen ear ) approach was used , obtaining 90 . 7 percent recognition rate . improvement in recognition results is obtained when ear biometric is fused with face biometric . the fusion is ←
→ identifying hierarchical structure in sequences : a linear - time algorithm ; sequitur is an algorithm that infers a hierarchical structure from a sequence of discrete symbols by replacing repeated phrases with a grammatical rule that generates the phrase , and continuing this process recursively . the result is a hierarchical representation of the original sequence , which offers insights into its lexical structure . the algorithm is driven by two constraints that reduce the size of the grammar , and produce struc ←
→ full resolution image compression with recurrent neural networks ; this paper presents a set of full - resolution lossy image compression methods based on neural networks . each of the architectures we describe can provide variable compression rates during deployment without requiring retraining of the network : each network need only be trained once . all of our architectures consist of a recurrent neural network ( rnn )- based encoder and decoder , a binarizer , and a neural network for entropy coding . we compare r ←
→ deep fishernet for object classification ; despite the great success of convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) for the image classification task on datasets like cifar and imagenet , cnn ' s representation power is still somewhat limited in dealing with object images that have large variation in size and clutter , where fisher vector ( fv ) has shown to be an effective encoding strategy . fv encodes an image by aggregating local descriptors with a universal generative gaussian mixture model ( gmm ). fv however has limi ←
→ informed heuristics for guiding stem - and - cycle ejection chains ; the state of the art in local search for the traveling salesman problem is dominated by ejection chain methods utilising the stem - and - cycle reference structure . though effective such algorithms employ very little information in their successor selection strategy , typically seeking only to minimise the cost of a move . we propose an alternative approach inspired from the ai literature and show how an admissible heuristic can be used to guide suc ←
→ utility - theoretic ranking for semi - automated text classification ; \ emph { semi - automated text classification } ( satc ) may be defined as the task of ranking a set $\ mathcal { d }$ of automatically labelled textual documents in such a way that , if a human annotator validates ( i . e ., inspects and corrects where appropriate ) the documents in a top - ranked portion of $\ mathcal { d }$ with the goal of increasing the overall labelling accuracy of $\ mathcal { d }$, the expected increase is maximized . an obvious satc strategy is ←
→ temporal image fusion ; this paper introduces temporal image fusion . the proposed technique builds upon previous research in exposure fusion and expands it to deal with the limited temporal dynamic range of existing sensors and camera technologies . in particular , temporal image fusion enables the rendering of long - exposure effects on full frame - rate video , as well as the generation of arbitrarily long exposures from a sequence of images of the same scene taken over time . we explore the problem of temporal u ←
→ untangling adaboost - based cost - sensitive classification . part i : theoretical perspective ; boosting algorithms have been widely used to tackle a plethora of problems . in the last few years , a lot of approaches have been proposed to provide standard adaboost with cost - sensitive capabilities , each with a different focus . however , for the researcher , these algorithms shape a tangled set with diffuse differences and properties , lacking a unifying analysis to jointly compare , classify , evaluate and discuss tho ←
→ understanding black - box predictions via influence functions ; how can we explain the predictions of a black - box model ? in this paper , we use influence functions -- a classic technique from robust statistics -- to trace a model ' s prediction through the learning algorithm and back to its training data , thereby identifying training points most responsible for a given prediction . to scale up influence functions to modern machine learning settings , we develop a simple , efficient implementation that requires only ←
→ coarse - to - fine volumetric prediction for single - image 3d human pose ; this paper addresses the challenge of 3d human pose estimation from a single color image . despite the general success of the end - to - end learning paradigm , top performing approaches employ a two - step solution consisting of a convolutional network ( convnet ) for 2d joint localization and a subsequent optimization step to recover 3d pose . in this paper , we identify the representation of 3d pose as a critical issue with current convnet approac ←
→ learning deep structured active contours end - to - end ; the world is covered with millions of buildings , and precisely knowing each instance ' s position and extents is vital to a multitude of applications . recently , automated building footprint segmentation models have shown superior detection accuracy thanks to the usage of convolutional neural networks ( cnn ). however , even the latest evolutions struggle to precisely delineating borders , which often leads to geometric distortions and inadvertent fusion of adj ←
→ multi - objective particle swarm optimization for facility location problem in wireless mesh networks ; wireless mesh networks have seen a real progress due of their implementation at a low cost . they present one of next generation networks technologies and can serve as home , companies and universities networks . in this paper , we propose and discuss a new multi - objective model for nodes deployment optimization in multi - radio multi - channel wireless mesh networks . we exploit the trade - off between network cost ←
→ netspam : a network - based spam detection framework for reviews in online social media ; nowadays , a big part of people rely on available content in social media in their decisions ( e . g . reviews and feedback on a topic or product ). the possibility that anybody can leave a review provide a golden opportunity for spammers to write spam reviews about products and services for different interests . identifying these spammers and the spam content is a hot topic of research and although a considerable number of st ←
→ cynical selection of language model training data ; the moore - lewis method of " intelligent selection of language model training data " is very effective , cheap , efficient ... and also has structural problems . ( 1 ) the method defines relevance by playing language models trained on the in - domain and the out - of - domain ( or data pool ) corpora against each other . this powerful idea -- which we set out to preserve -- treats the two corpora as the opposing ends of a single spectrum . this lack of nuance does not allow fo ←
→ sparse inverse covariance matrix estimation using quadratic approximation ; the l1 - regularized gaussian maximum likelihood estimator ( mle ) has been shown to have strong statistical guarantees in recovering a sparse inverse covariance matrix , or alternatively the underlying graph structure of a gaussian markov random field , from very limited samples . we propose a novel algorithm for solving the resulting optimization problem which is a regularized log - determinant program . in contrast to recent state - of - the ←
→ a multi - camera image processing and visualization system for train safety assessment ; in this paper we present a machine vision system to efficiently monitor , analyze and present visual data acquired with a railway overhead gantry equipped with multiple cameras . this solution aims to improve the safety of daily life railway transportation in a two - fold manner : ( 1 ) by providing automatic algorithms that can process large imagery of trains ( 2 ) by helping train operators to keep attention on any possible m ←
→ in - depth assessment of an interactive graph - based approach for the segmentation for pancreatic metastasis in ultrasound acquisitions of the liver with two specialists in internal medicine ; the manual outlining of hepatic metastasis in ( us ) ultrasound acquisitions from patients suffering from pancreatic cancer is common practice . however , such pure manual measurements are often very time consuming , and the results repeatedly differ between the raters . in this contribution , we study the in - depth assessme ←
→ active sensing as bayes - optimal sequential decision making ; sensory inference under conditions of uncertainty is a major problem in both machine learning and computational neuroscience . an important but poorly understood aspect of sensory processing is the role of active sensing . here , we present a bayes - optimal inference and control framework for active sensing , c - dac ( context - dependent active controller ). unlike previously proposed algorithms that optimize abstract statistical objectives such as informat ←
→ icabidas : intuition centred architecture for big data analysis and synthesis ; humans are expert in the amount of sensory data they deal with each moment . human brain not only analyses these data but also starts synthesizing new information from the existing data . the current age big - data systems are needed not just to analyze data but also to come up new interpretation . we believe that the pivotal ability in human brain which enables us to do this is what is known as " intuition ". here , we present an intu ←
→ estimating the intrinsic dimension of datasets by a minimal neighborhood information ; analyzing large volumes of high - dimensional data is an issue of fundamental importance in data science , molecular simulations and beyond . several approaches work on the assumption that the important content of a dataset belongs to a manifold whose intrinsic dimension ( id ) is much lower than the crude large number of coordinates . such manifold is generally twisted and curved , in addition points on it will be non - uniforml ←
→ privacy preserving identification using sparse approximation with ambiguization ; in this paper , we consider a privacy preserving encoding framework for identification applications covering biometrics , physical object security and the internet of things ( iot ). the proposed framework is based on a sparsifying transform , which consists of a trained linear map , an element - wise nonlinearity , and privacy amplification . the sparsifying transform and privacy amplification are not symmetric for the data owner and ←
→ sample complexity of episodic fixed - horizon reinforcement learning ; recently , there has been significant progress in understanding reinforcement learning in discounted infinite - horizon markov decision processes ( mdps ) by deriving tight sample complexity bounds . however , in many real - world applications , an interactive learning agent operates for a fixed or bounded period of time , for example tutoring students for exams or handling customer service requests . such scenarios can often be better treated as epis ←
→ is joint training better for deep auto - encoders ? ; traditionally , when generative models of data are developed via deep architectures , greedy layer - wise pre - training is employed . in a well - trained model , the lower layer of the architecture models the data distribution conditional upon the hidden variables , while the higher layers model the hidden distribution prior . but due to the greedy scheme of the layerwise training technique , the parameters of lower layers are fixed when training higher layers . this ma ←
→ mcmc for variationally sparse gaussian processes ; gaussian process ( gp ) models form a core part of probabilistic machine learning . considerable research effort has been made into attacking three issues with gp models : how to compute efficiently when the number of data is large ; how to approximate the posterior when the likelihood is not gaussian and how to estimate covariance function parameter posteriors . this paper simultaneously addresses these , using a variational approximation to the posterior which i ←
→ building a large scale dataset for image emotion recognition : the fine print and the benchmark ; psychological research results have confirmed that people can have different emotional reactions to different visual stimuli . several papers have been published on the problem of visual emotion analysis . in particular , attempts have been made to analyze and predict people ' s emotional reaction towards images . to this end , different kinds of hand - tuned features are proposed . the results reported on several caref ←
→ a statistical approach to continuous self - calibrating eye gaze tracking for head - mounted virtual reality systems ; we present a novel , automatic eye gaze tracking scheme inspired by smooth pursuit eye motion while playing mobile games or watching virtual reality contents . our algorithm continuously calibrates an eye tracking system for a head mounted display . this eliminates the need for an explicit calibration step and automatically compensates for small movements of the headset with respect to the head .←
→ multi - criteria anomaly detection using pareto depth analysis ; we consider the problem of identifying patterns in a data set that exhibit anomalous behavior , often referred to as anomaly detection . in most anomaly detection algorithms , the dissimilarity between data samples is calculated by a single criterion , such as euclidean distance . however , in many cases there may not exist a single dissimilarity measure that captures all possible anomalous patterns . in such a case , multiple criteria can be defined , a ←
→ randomized structural sparsity via constrained block subsampling for improved sensitivity of discriminative voxel identification ; in this paper , we consider voxel selection for functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) brain data with the aim of finding a more complete set of probably correlated discriminative voxels , thus improving interpretation of the discovered potential biomarkers . the main difficulty in doing this is an extremely high dimensional voxel space and few training samples , resulting i ←
→ computational techniques in multispectral image processing : application to the syriac galen palimpsest ; multispectral and hyperspectral image analysis has experienced much development in the last decade . the application of these methods to palimpsests has produced significant results , enabling researchers to recover texts that would be otherwise lost under the visible overtext , by improving the contrast between the undertext and the overtext . in this paper we explore an extended number of multispectral a ←
→ linear convergence of accelerated stochastic gradient descent for nonconvex nonsmooth optimization ; in this paper , we study the stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) method for the nonconvex nonsmooth optimization , and propose an accelerated sgd method by combining the variance reduction technique with nesterov ' s extrapolation technique . moreover , based on the local error bound condition , we establish the linear convergence of our method to obtain a stationary point of the nonconvex optimization . in particul ←
→ a novel statistical method based on dynamic models for classification ; realizations of stochastic process are often observed temporal data or functional data . there are growing interests in classification of dynamic or functional data . the basic feature of functional data is that the functional data have infinite dimensions and are highly correlated . an essential issue for classifying dynamic and functional data is how to effectively reduce their dimension and explore dynamic feature . however , few statisti ←
→ pointing the unknown words ; the problem of rare and unknown words is an important issue that can potentially influence the performance of many nlp systems , including both the traditional count - based and the deep learning models . we propose a novel way to deal with the rare and unseen words for the neural network models using attention . our model uses two softmax layers in order to predict the next word in conditional language models : one predicts the location of a word in the source sentence , and the other ←
→ theory of sexes by geodakian as it is advanced by iskrin ; in 1960s v . geodakian proposed a theory that explains sexes as a mechanism for evolutionary adaptation of the species to changing environmental conditions . in 2001 v . iskrin refined and augmented the concepts of geodakian and gave a new and interesting explanation to several phenomena which involve sex , and sex ratio , including the war - years phenomena . he also introduced a new concept of the " catastrophic sex ratio ." this note is an attempt to digest ←
→ classification with costly features using deep reinforcement learning ; we study a classification problem where each feature can be acquired for a cost and the goal is to optimize the trade - off between classification precision and the total feature cost . we frame the problem as a sequential decision - making problem , where we classify one sample in each episode . at each step , an agent can use values of acquired features to decide whether to purchase another one or whether to classify the sample . we use vanill ←
→ domain knowledge assisted cyst segmentation in oct retinal images ; 3d imaging modalities are becoming increasingly popular and relevant in retinal imaging owing to their effectiveness in highlighting structures in sub - retinal layers . oct is one such modality which has great importance in the context of analysis of cystoid structures in subretinal layers . signal to noise ratio ( snr ) of the images obtained from oct is less and hence automated and accurate determination of cystoid structures from oct is a chal ←
→ 3d - prnn : generating shape primitives with recurrent neural networks ; the success of various applications including robotics , digital content creation , and visualization demand a structured and abstract representation of the 3d world from limited sensor data . inspired by the nature of human perception of 3d shapes as a collection of simple parts , we explore such an abstract shape representation based on primitives . given a single depth image of an object , we present 3d - prnn , a generative recurrent neural ne ←
→ contextual visual similarity ; measuring visual similarity is critical for image understanding . but what makes two images similar ? most existing work on visual similarity assumes that images are similar because they contain the same object instance or category . however , the reason why images are similar is much more complex . for example , from the perspective of category , a black dog image is similar to a white dog image . however , in terms of color , a black dog image is more similar to a black horse image th ←
→ improving performance of a group of classification algorithms using resampling and feature selection ; in recent years the importance of finding a meaningful pattern from huge datasets has become more challenging . data miners try to adopt innovative methods to face this problem by applying feature selection methods . in this paper we propose a new hybrid method in which we use a combination of resampling , filtering the sample domain and wrapper subset evaluation method with genetic search to reduce dimensi ←
→ the bayesian low - rank determinantal point process mixture model ; determinantal point processes ( dpps ) are an elegant model for encoding probabilities over subsets , such as shopping baskets , of a ground set , such as an item catalog . they are useful for a number of machine learning tasks , including product recommendation . dpps are parametrized by a positive semi - definite kernel matrix . recent work has shown that using a low - rank factorization of this kernel provides remarkable scalability improvements that o ←
→ a ray - based approach for boundary estimation of fiber bundles derived from diffusion tensor imaging ; diffusion tensor imaging ( dti ) is a non - invasive imaging technique that allows estimation of the location of white matter tracts in - vivo , based on the measurement of water diffusion properties . for each voxel , a second - order tensor can be calculated by using diffusion - weighted sequences ( dwi ) that are sensitive to the random motion of water molecules . given at least 6 diffusion - weighted images with differ ←
→ cortical prediction markets ; we investigate cortical learning from the perspective of mechanism design . first , we show that discretizing standard models of neurons and synaptic plasticity leads to rational agents maximizing simple scoring rules . second , our main result is that the scoring rules are proper , implying that neurons faithfully encode expected utilities in their synaptic weights and encode high - scoring outcomes in their spikes . third , with this foundation in hand , we propose a biologically plaus ←
→ generating memorable mnemonic encodings of numbers ; the major system is a mnemonic system that can be used to memorize sequences of numbers . in this work , we present a method to automatically generate sentences that encode a given number . we propose several encoding models and compare the most promising ones in a password memorability study . the results of the study show that a model combining part - of - speech sentence templates with an $ n $- gram language model produces the most memorable password representat ←
→ the role of cognitive modeling in achieving communicative intentions ; a discourse planner for ( task - oriented ) dialogue must be able to make choices about whether relevant , but optional information ( for example , the " satellites " in an rst - based planner ) should be communicated . we claim that effective text planners must explicitly model aspects of the hearer ' s cognitive state , such as what the hearer is attending to and what inferences the hearer can draw , in order to make these choices . we argue that a mere ←
→ a reconfigurable mixed - signal implementation of a neuromorphic adc ; we present a neuromorphic analogue - to - digital converter ( adc ), which uses integrate - and - fire ( i & f ) neurons as the encoders of the analogue signal , with modulated inhibitions to decohere the neuronal spikes trains . the architecture consists of an analogue chip and a control module . the analogue chip comprises two scan chains and a twodimensional integrate - and - fire neuronal array . individual neurons are accessed via the chains one by one wit ←
→ variational gaussian copula inference ; we utilize copulas to constitute a unified framework for constructing and optimizing variational proposals in hierarchical bayesian models . for models with continuous and non - gaussian hidden variables , we propose a semiparametric and automated variational gaussian copula approach , in which the parametric gaussian copula family is able to preserve multivariate posterior dependence , and the nonparametric transformations based on bernstein polynomials provide ample flexi ←
→ centralized and decentralized global outer - synchronization of asymmetric recurrent time - varying neural network by data - sampling ; in this paper , we discuss the outer - synchronization of the asymmetrically connected recurrent time - varying neural networks . by both centralized and decentralized discretization data sampling principles , we derive several sufficient conditions based on diverse vector norms that guarantee that any two trajectories from different initial values of the identical neural network syst ←
→ a compositional approach to language modeling ; traditional language models treat language as a finite state automaton on a probability space over words . this is a very strong assumption when modeling something inherently complex such as language . in this paper , we challenge this by showing how the linear chain assumption inherent in previous work can be translated into a sequential composition tree . we then propose a new model that marginalizes over all possible composition trees thereby removing any under ←
→ green - blue stripe pattern for range sensing from a single image ; in this paper , we present a novel method for rapid high - resolution range sensing using green - blue stripe pattern . we use green and blue for designing high - frequency stripe projection pattern . for accurate and reliable range recovery , we identify the stripe patterns by our color - stripe segmentation and unwrapping algorithms . the experimental result for a naked human face shows the effectiveness of our method .←
→ semi - supervised learning -- a statistical physics approach ; we present a novel approach to semi - supervised learning which is based on statistical physics . most of the former work in the field of semi - supervised learning classifies the points by minimizing a certain energy function , which corresponds to a minimal k - way cut solution . in contrast to these methods , we estimate the distribution of classifications , instead of the sole minimal k - way cut , which yields more accurate and robust results . our approach ←
→ measuring intelligence through games ; artificial general intelligence ( agi ) refers to research aimed at tackling the full problem of artificial intelligence , that is , create truly intelligent agents . this sets it apart from most ai research which aims at solving relatively narrow domains , such as character recognition , motion planning , or increasing player satisfaction in games . but how do we know when an agent is truly intelligent ? a common point of reference in the agi community is legg and hutter ' s form ←
→ ld - sds : towards an expressive spoken dialogue system based on linked - data ; in this work we discuss the related challenges and describe an approach towards the fusion of state - of - the - art technologies from the spoken dialogue systems ( sds ) and the semantic web and information retrieval domains . we envision a dialogue system named ld - sds that will support advanced , expressive , and engaging user requests , over multiple , complex , rich , and open - domain data sources that will leverage the wealth of the availabl ←
→ warranty cost estimation using bayesian network ; all multi - component product manufacturing companies face the problem of warranty cost estimation . failure rate analysis of components plays a key role in this problem . data source used for failure rate analysis has traditionally been past failure data of components . however , failure rate analysis can be improved by means of fusion of additional information , such as symptoms observed during after - sale service of the product , geographical information ( hilly or ←
→ one - shot learning in discriminative neural networks ; we consider the task of one - shot learning of visual categories . in this paper we explore a bayesian procedure for updating a pretrained convnet to classify a novel image category for which data is limited . we decompose this convnet into a fixed feature extractor and softmax classifier . we assume that the target weights for the new task come from the same distribution as the pretrained softmax weights , which we model as a multivariate gaussian . by using t ←
→ minimum word error rate training for attention - based sequence - to - sequence models ; sequence - to - sequence models , such as attention - based models in automatic speech recognition ( asr ), are typically trained to optimize the cross - entropy criterion which corresponds to improving the log - likelihood of the data . however , system performance is usually measured in terms of word error rate ( wer ), not log - likelihood . traditional asr systems benefit from discriminative sequence training which optimizes criteria such ←
→ attention with intention for a neural network conversation model ; in a conversation or a dialogue process , attention and intention play intrinsic roles . this paper proposes a neural network based approach that models the attention and intention processes . it essentially consists of three recurrent networks . the encoder network is a word - level model representing source side sentences . the intention network is a recurrent network that models the dynamics of the intention process . the decoder network is a rec ←
→ lossless image compression algorithm for wireless capsule endoscopy by content - based classification of image blocks ; recent advances in capsule endoscopy systems have introduced new methods and capabilities . the capsule endoscopy system , by observing the entire digestive tract , has significantly improved diagnosing gastrointestinal disorders and diseases . the system has challenges such as the need to enhance the quality of the transmitted images , low frame rates of transmission , and battery lifetime that ←
→ concept extraction to identify adverse drug reactions in medical forums : a comparison of algorithms ; social media is becoming an increasingly important source of information to complement traditional pharmacovigilance methods . in order to identify signals of potential adverse drug reactions , it is necessary to first identify medical concepts in the social media text . most of the existing studies use dictionary - based methods which are not evaluated independently from the overall signal detection task . w ←
→ a new embedding quality assessment method for manifold learning ; manifold learning is a hot research topic in the field of computer science . a crucial issue with current manifold learning methods is that they lack a natural quantitative measure to assess the quality of learned embeddings , which greatly limits their applications to real - world problems . in this paper , a new embedding quality assessment method for manifold learning , named as normalization independent embedding quality assessment ( nieqa ), is p ←
→ decomposition based search - a theoretical and experimental evaluation ; in this paper we present and evaluate a search strategy called decomposition based search ( dbs ) which is based on two steps : subproblem generation and subproblem solution . the generation of subproblems is done through value ranking and domain splitting . subdomains are explored so as to generate , according to the heuristic chosen , promising subproblems first . we show that two well known search strategies , limited discrepancy search ( l ←
→ allocating indivisible items in categorized domains ; we formulate a general class of allocation problems called categorized domain allocation problems ( cdaps ), where indivisible items from multiple categories are allocated to agents without monetary transfer and each agent gets at least one item per category . we focus on basic cdaps , where the number of items in each category is equal to the number of agents . we characterize serial dictatorships for basic cdaps by a minimal set of three axiomatic propert ←
→ deep learning without poor local minima ; in this paper , we prove a conjecture published in 1989 and also partially address an open problem announced at the conference on learning theory ( colt ) 2015 . with no unrealistic assumption , we first prove the following statements for the squared loss function of deep linear neural networks with any depth and any widths : 1 ) the function is non - convex and non - concave , 2 ) every local minimum is a global minimum , 3 ) every critical point that is not a global minimum is a ←
→ clustering in hilbert simplex geometry ; clustering categorical distributions in the probability simplex is a fundamental primitive often met in applications dealing with histograms or mixtures of multinomials . traditionally , the differential - geometric structure of the probability simplex has been used either by ( i ) setting the riemannian metric tensor to the fisher information matrix of the categorical distributions , or ( ii ) defining the information - geometric structure induced by a smooth dissimilarity mea ←
→ heuristic ranking in tightly coupled probabilistic description logics ; the semantic web effort has steadily been gaining traction in the recent years . in particular , web search companies are recently realizing that their products need to evolve towards having richer semantic search capabilities . description logics ( dls ) have been adopted as the formal underpinnings for semantic web languages used in describing ontologies . reasoning under uncertainty has recently taken a leading role in this arena , given the ←
→ implicit sparse code hashing ; we address the problem of converting large - scale high - dimensional image data into binary codes so that approximate nearest - neighbor search over them can be efficiently performed . different from most of the existing unsupervised approaches for yielding binary codes , our method is based on a dimensionality - reduction criterion that its resulting mapping is designed to preserve the image relationships entailed by the inner products of sparse codes , rather than those implied by the ←
→ detecting adversarial samples using density ratio estimates ; machine learning models , especially based on deep architectures are used in everyday applications ranging from self driving cars to medical diagnostics . it has been shown that such models are dangerously susceptible to adversarial samples , indistinguishable from real samples to human eye , adversarial samples lead to incorrect classifications with high confidence . impact of adversarial samples is far - reaching and their efficient detection remains ←
→ modelling the probability density of markov sources ; this paper introduces an objective function that seeks to minimise the average total number of bits required to encode the joint state of all of the layers of a markov source . this type of encoder may be applied to the problem of optimising the bottom - up ( recognition model ) and top - down ( generative model ) connections in a multilayer neural network , and it unifies several previous results on the optimisation of multilayer neural networks .←
→ time series forecasting based on augmented long short - term memory ; in this paper , we use recurrent autoencoder model to predict the time series in single and multiple steps ahead . previous prediction methods , such as recurrent neural network ( rnn ) and deep belief network ( dbn ) models , cannot learn long term dependencies . and conventional long short - term memory ( lstm ) model doesn ' t remember recent inputs . combining lstm and autoencoder ( ae ), the proposed model can capture long - term dependencies across data ←
→ close clustering based automated color image annotation ; most image - search approaches today are based on the text based tags associated with the images which are mostly human generated and are subject to various kinds of errors . the results of a query to the image database thus can often be misleading and may not satisfy the requirements of the user . in this work we propose our approach to automate this tagging process of images , where image results generated can be fine filtered based on a probabilistic t ←
→ spectrum estimation from a few entries ; singular values of a data in a matrix form provide insights on the structure of the data , the effective dimensionality , and the choice of hyper - parameters on higher - level data analysis tools . however , in many practical applications such as collaborative filtering and network analysis , we only get a partial observation . under such scenarios , we consider the fundamental problem of recovering spectral properties of the underlying matrix from a sampling of its entries . w ←
→ automatic sampling of geographic objects ; today , one ' s disposes of large datasets composed of thousands of geographic objects . however , for many processes , which require the appraisal of an expert or much computational time , only a small part of these objects can be taken into account . in this context , robust sampling methods become necessary . in this paper , we propose a sampling method based on clustering techniques . our method consists in dividing the objects in clusters , then in selecting in each cluste ←
→ unsupervised learning for physical interaction through video prediction ; a core challenge for an agent learning to interact with the world is to predict how its actions affect objects in its environment . many existing methods for learning the dynamics of physical interactions require labeled object information . however , to scale real - world interaction learning to a variety of scenes and objects , acquiring labeled data becomes increasingly impractical . to learn about physical object motion without labels , w ←
→ using distributed representations to disambiguate biomedical and clinical concepts ; in this paper , we report a knowledge - based method for word sense disambiguation in the domains of biomedical and clinical text . we combine word representations created on large corpora with a small number of definitions from the umls to create concept representations , which we then compare to representations of the context of ambiguous terms . using no relational information , we obtain comparable performance to previous ap ←
→ combining multi - level contexts of superpixel using convolutional neural networks to perform natural scene labeling ; modern deep learning algorithms have triggered various image segmentation approaches . however most of them deal with pixel based segmentation . however , superpixels provide a certain degree of contextual information while reducing computation cost . in our approach , we have performed superpixel level semantic segmentation considering 3 various levels as neighbours for semantic contexts . furth ←
→ complex networks of words in fables ; in this chapter we give an overview of the application of complex network theory to quantify some properties of language . our study is based on two fables in ukrainian , mykyta the fox and abu - kasym ' s slippers . it consists of two parts : the analysis of frequency - rank distributions of words and the application of complex - network theory . the first part shows that the text sizes are sufficiently large to observe statistical properties . this supports their selection for the ←
→ quantization of fully convolutional networks for accurate biomedical image segmentation ; with pervasive applications of medical imaging in health - care , biomedical image segmentation plays a central role in quantitative analysis , clinical diagno - sis , and medical intervention . since manual anno - tation su ers limited reproducibility , arduous e orts , and excessive time , automatic segmentation is desired to process increasingly larger scale histopathological data . recently , deep neural networks ( dnns ), par -←
→ binarized convolutional landmark localizers for human pose estimation and face alignment with limited resources ; our goal is to design architectures that retain the groundbreaking performance of cnns for landmark localization and at the same time are lightweight , compact and suitable for applications with limited computational resources . to this end , we make the following contributions : ( a ) we are the first to study the effect of neural network binarization on localization tasks , namely human pose estima ←
→ sentence entailment in compositional distributional semantics ; distributional semantic models provide vector representations for words by gathering co - occurrence frequencies from corpora of text . compositional distributional models extend these representations from words to phrases and sentences . in categorical compositional distributional semantics these representations are built in such a manner that meanings of phrases and sentences are functions of their grammatical structure and the meanings of the wo ←
→ improving content - invariance in gated autoencoders for 2d and 3d object rotation ; content - invariance in mapping codes learned by gaes is a useful feature for various relation learning tasks . in this paper we show that the content - invariance of mapping codes for images of 2d and 3d rotated objects can be substantially improved by extending the standard gae loss ( symmetric reconstruction error ) with a regularization term that penalizes the symmetric cross - reconstruction error . this error term involves reco ←
→ efficient learning in large - scale combinatorial semi - bandits ; a stochastic combinatorial semi - bandit is an online learning problem where at each step a learning agent chooses a subset of ground items subject to combinatorial constraints , and then observes stochastic weights of these items and receives their sum as a payoff . in this paper , we consider efficient learning in large - scale combinatorial semi - bandits with linear generalization , and as a solution , propose two learning algorithms called combinatori ←
→ image patch analysis of sunspots and active regions . i . intrinsic dimension and correlation analysis ; the flare - productivity of an active region is observed to be related to its spatial complexity . mount wilson or mcintosh sunspot classifications measure such complexity but in a categorical way , and may therefore not use all the information present in the observations . moreover , such categorical schemes hinder a systematic study of an active region ' s evolution for example . we propose fine - scale quantitat ←
→ dismo : a morphosyntactic , disfluency and multi - word unit annotator . an evaluation on a corpus of french spontaneous and read speech ; we present dismo , a multi - level annotator for spoken language corpora that integrates part - of - speech tagging with basic disfluency detection and annotation , and multi - word unit recognition . dismo is a hybrid system that uses a combination of lexical resources , rules , and statistical models based on conditional random fields ( crf ). in this paper , we present the first public ←
→ modeling trajectories of mental health : challenges and opportunities ; more than two thirds of mental health problems have their onset during childhood or adolescence . identifying children at risk for mental illness later in life and predicting the type of illness is not easy . we set out to develop a platform to define subtypes of childhood social - emotional development using longitudinal , multifactorial trait - based measures . subtypes discovered through this study could ultimately advance psychiatric knowled ←
→ innovative texture database collecting approach and feature extraction method based on combination of gray tone difference matrixes , local binary patterns , and k - means clustering ; texture analysis and classification are some of the problems which have been paid much attention by image processing scientists since late 80s . if texture analysis is done accurately , it can be used in many cases such as object tracking , visual pattern recognition , and face recognition . since now , so many methods are offered to ←
→ initialization strategies of spatio - temporal convolutional neural networks ; we propose a new way of incorporating temporal information present in videos into spatial convolutional neural networks ( convnets ) trained on images , that avoids training spatio - temporal convnets from scratch . we describe several initializations of weights in 3d convolutional layers of spatio - temporal convnet using 2d convolutional weights learned from imagenet . we show that it is important to initialize 3d convolutional weights ←
→ statistical vs rule based machine translation ; a case study on indian language perspective ; in this paper we present our work on a case study between statistical machien transaltion ( smt ) and rule - based machine translation ( rbmt ) systems on english - indian langugae and indian to indian langugae perspective . main objective of our study is to make a five way performance compariosn ; such as , a ) smt and rbmt b ) smt on english - indian langugae c ) rbmt on english - indian langugae d ) smt on indian to indian langug ←
→ an image processing based object counting approach for machine vision application ; machine vision applications are low cost and high precision measurement systems which are frequently used in production lines . with these systems that provide contactless control and measurement , production facilities are able to reach high production numbers without errors . machine vision operations such as product counting , error control , dimension measurement can be performed through a camera . in this paper , a machine v ←
→ armdn : associative and recurrent mixture density networks for eretail demand forecasting ; accurate demand forecasts can help on - line retail organizations better plan their supply - chain processes . the challenge , however , is the large number of associative factors that result in large , non - stationary shifts in demand , which traditional time series and regression approaches fail to model . in this paper , we propose a neural network architecture called ar - mdn , that simultaneously models associative factors , t ←
→ hd - cnn : hierarchical deep convolutional neural network for large scale visual recognition ; in image classification , visual separability between different object categories is highly uneven , and some categories are more difficult to distinguish than others . such difficult categories demand more dedicated classifiers . however , existing deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) are trained as flat n - way classifiers , and few efforts have been made to leverage the hierarchical structure of categories . in this ←
→ a unified framework for compositional fitting of active appearance models ; active appearance models ( aams ) are one of the most popular and well - established techniques for modeling deformable objects in computer vision . in this paper , we study the problem of fitting aams using compositional gradient descent ( cgd ) algorithms . we present a unified and complete view of these algorithms and classify them with respect to three main characteristics : i ) cost function ; ii ) type of composition ; and iii ) optimizati ←
→ convolutional monte carlo rollouts in go ; in this work , we present a mcts - based go - playing program which uses convolutional networks in all parts . our method performs mcts in batches , explores the monte carlo search tree using thompson sampling and a convolutional network , and evaluates convnet - based rollouts on the gpu . we achieve strong win rates against open source go programs and attain competitive results against state of the art convolutional net - based go - playing programs .←
→ on sequence prediction for arbitrary measures ; suppose we are given two probability measures on the set of one - way infinite finite - alphabet sequences and consider the question when one of the measures predicts the other , that is , when conditional probabilities converge ( in a certain sense ) when one of the measures is chosen to generate the sequence . this question may be considered a refinement of the problem of sequence prediction in its most general formulation : for a given class of probability measures , ←
→ accelerated reconstruction of perfusion - weighted mri enforcing jointly local and nonlocal spatio - temporal constraints ; perfusion - weighted magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) is an imaging technique that allows one to measure tissue perfusion in an organ of interest through the injection of an intravascular paramagnetic contrast agent ( ca ). due to a preference for high temporal and spatial resolution in many applications , this modality could significantly benefit from accelerated data acquisitions . in this p ←
→ evaluating variable length markov chain models for analysis of user web navigation sessions ; markov models have been widely used to represent and analyse user web navigation data . in previous work we have proposed a method to dynamically extend the order of a markov chain model and a complimentary method for assessing the predictive power of such a variable length markov chain . herein , we review these two methods and propose a novel method for measuring the ability of a variable length markov model to su ←
→ pre - selection of independent binary features : an application to diagnosing scrapie in sheep ; suppose that the only available information in a multi - class problem are expert estimates of the conditional probabilities of occurrence for a set of binary features . the aim is to select a subset of features to be measured in subsequent data collection experiments . in the lack of any information about the dependencies between the features , we assume that all features are conditionally independent and hence choos ←
→ sparse representation of a blur kernel for blind image restoration ; blind image restoration is a non - convex problem which involves restoration of images from an unknown blur kernel . the factors affecting the performance of this restoration are how much prior information about an image and a blur kernel are provided and what algorithm is used to perform the restoration task . prior information on images is often employed to restore the sharpness of the edges of an image . by contrast , no consensus is still pr ←
→ detection of cooperative interactions in logistic regression models ; an important problem in the field of bioinformatics is to identify interactive effects among profiled variables for outcome prediction . in this paper , a logistic regression model with pairwise interactions among a set of binary covariates is considered . modeling the structure of the interactions by a graph , our goal is to recover the interaction graph from independently identically distributed ( i . i . d .) samples of the covariates and the ou ←
→ vconv - dae : deep volumetric shape learning without object labels ; with the advent of affordable depth sensors , 3d capture becomes more and more ubiquitous and already has made its way into commercial products . yet , capturing the geometry or complete shapes of everyday objects using scanning devices ( e . g . kinect ) still comes with several challenges that result in noise or even incomplete shapes . recent success in deep learning has shown how to learn complex shape distributions in a data - driven way from large ←
→ an approach to dealing with missing values in heterogeneous data using k - nearest neighbors ; techniques such as clusterization , neural networks and decision making usually rely on algorithms that are not well suited to deal with missing values . however , real world data frequently contains such cases . the simplest solution is to either substitute them by a best guess value or completely disregard the missing values . unfortunately , both approaches can lead to biased results . in this paper , we propose a tech ←
→ online factorization and partition of complex networks from random walks ; finding the reduced - dimensional structure is critical to understanding complex networks . existing approaches such as spectral clustering are applicable only when the full network is explicitly observed . in this paper , we focus on the online factorization and partition of implicit large - scale networks based on observations from an associated random walk . we formulate this into a nonconvex stochastic factorization problem and propose a ←
→ surrogate losses in passive and active learning ; active learning is a type of sequential design for supervised machine learning , in which the learning algorithm sequentially requests the labels of selected instances from a large pool of unlabeled data points . the objective is to produce a classifier of relatively low risk , as measured under the 0 - 1 loss , ideally using fewer label requests than the number of random labeled data points sufficient to achieve the same . this work investigates the potential uses ←
→ combining independent modules to solve multiple - choice synonym and analogy problems ; existing statistical approaches to natural language problems are very coarse approximations to the true complexity of language processing . as such , no single technique will be best for all problem instances . many researchers are examining ensemble methods that combine the output of successful , separately developed modules to create more accurate solutions . this paper examines three merging rules for combining probability ←
→ video ladder networks ; we present the video ladder network ( vln ) for efficiently generating future video frames . vln is a neural encoder - decoder model augmented at all layers by both recurrent and feedforward lateral connections . at each layer , these connections form a lateral recurrent residual block , where the feedforward connection represents a skip connection and the recurrent connection represents the residual . thanks to the recurrent connections , the decoder can exploit temporal summaries generated f ←
→ detecting unsolvable queries for definite logic programs ; in solving a query , the sld proof procedure for definite programs sometimes searches an infinite space for a non existing solution . for example , querying a planner for an unreachable goal state . such programs motivate the development of methods to prove the absence of a solution . considering the definite program and the query ``<- q '' as clauses of a first order theory , one can apply model generators which search for a finite interpretation in which ←
→ ontology based scene creation for the development of automated vehicles ; the introduction of automated vehicles without permanent human supervision demands a functional system description , including functional system boundaries and a comprehensive safety analysis . these inputs to the technical development can be identified and analyzed by a scenario - based approach . furthermore , to establish an economical test and release process , a large number of scenarios must be identified to obtain meaningful test resu ←
→ spiralet sparse representation ; this is the first report on working paper wp - rfm - 14 - 01 . the potential and capability of sparse representations is well - known . however , their ( multivariate variable ) vectorial form , which is completely fine in many fields and disciplines , results in removal and filtering of important " spatial " relations that are implicitly carried by two - dimensional [ or multi - dimensional ] objects , such as images . in this paper , a new approach , called spiralet sparse representation , is propose ←
→ on understanding and machine understanding ; in the present paper , we try to propose a self - similar network theory for the basic understanding . by extending the natural languages to a kind of so called idealy sufficient language , we can proceed a few steps to the investigation of the language searching and the language understanding of ai . image understanding , and the familiarity of the brain to the surrounding environment are also discussed . group effects are discussed by addressing the essense of the po ←
→ a novel crossover operator for genetic algorithms : ring crossover ; the genetic algorithm ( ga ) is an optimization and search technique based on the principles of genetics and natural selection . a ga allows a population composed of many individuals to evolve under specified selection rules to a state that maximizes the " fitness " function . in that process , crossover operator plays an important role . to comprehend the gas as a whole , it is necessary to understand the role of a crossover operator . today , there ←
→ edge attention - based multi - relational graph convolutional networks ; graph convolutional network ( gcn ) is generalization of convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to work with arbitrarily structured graphs . a binary adjacency matrix is commonly used in training a gcn . recently , the attention mechanism allows the network to learn a dynamic and adaptive aggregation of the neighborhood . we propose a new gcn model on the graphs where edges are characterized in multiple views or precisely in terms of multiple relati ←
→ spectral echolocation via the wave embedding ; spectral embedding uses eigenfunctions of the discrete laplacian on a weighted graph to obtain coordinates for an embedding of an abstract data set into euclidean space . we propose a new pre - processing step of first using the eigenfunctions to simulate a low - frequency wave moving over the data and using both position as well as change in time of the wave to obtain a refined metric to which classical methods of dimensionality reduction can then applied . this is ←
→ recognition networks for approximate inference in bn20 networks ; we propose using recognition networks for approximate inference inbayesian networks ( bns ). a recognition network is a multilayerperception ( mlp ) trained to predict posterior marginals given observedevidence in a particular bn . the input to the mlp is a vector of thestates of the evidential nodes . the activity of an output unit isinterpreted as a prediction of the posterior marginal of thecorresponding variable . the mlp is trained using sample ←
→ optimal change point detection in gaussian processes ; we study the problem of detecting a change in the mean of one - dimensional gaussian process data . this problem is investigated in the setting of increasing domain ( customarily employed in time series analysis ) and in the setting of fixed domain ( typically arising in spatial data analysis ). we propose a detection method based on the generalized likelihood ratio test ( glrt ), and show that our method achieves nearly asymptotically optimal rate in the minima ←
→ scalable variational gaussian process classification ; gaussian process classification is a popular method with a number of appealing properties . we show how to scale the model within a variational inducing point framework , outperforming the state of the art on benchmark datasets . importantly , the variational formulation can be exploited to allow classification in problems with millions of data points , as we demonstrate in experiments .←
→ pomegranate : fast and flexible probabilistic modeling in python ; we present pomegranate , an open source machine learning package for probabilistic modeling in python . probabilistic modeling encompasses a wide range of methods that explicitly describe uncertainty using probability distributions . three widely used probabilistic models implemented in pomegranate are general mixture models , hidden markov models , and bayesian networks . a primary focus of pomegranate is to abstract away the complexities of train ←
→ an application of topological graph clustering to protein function prediction ; we use a semisupervised learning algorithm based on a topological data analysis approach to assign functional categories to yeast proteins using similarity graphs . this new approach to analyzing biological networks yields results that are as good as or better than state of the art existing approaches .←
→ for solving linear equations recombination is a needless operation in time - variant adaptive hybrid algorithms ; recently hybrid evolutionary computation ( ec ) techniques are successfully implemented for solving large sets of linear equations . all the recently developed hybrid evolutionary algorithms , for solving linear equations , contain both the recombination and the mutation operations . in this paper , two modified hybrid evolutionary algorithms contained time - variant adaptive evolutionary technique are p ←
→ communication - efficient distributed dual coordinate ascent ; communication remains the most significant bottleneck in the performance of distributed optimization algorithms for large - scale machine learning . in this paper , we propose a communication - efficient framework , cocoa , that uses local computation in a primal - dual setting to dramatically reduce the amount of necessary communication . we provide a strong convergence rate analysis for this class of algorithms , as well as experiments on real - world distrib ←
→ gradient descent learns one - hidden - layer cnn : don ' t be afraid of spurious local minima ; we consider the problem of learning a one - hidden - layer neural network with non - overlapping convolutional layer and relu activation function , i . e ., $ f (\ mathbf { z }; \ mathbf { w }, \ mathbf { a }) = \ sum_j a_j \ sigma (\ mathbf { w }^\ top \ mathbf { z } _j )$, in which both the convolutional weights $\ mathbf { w }$ and the output weights $\ mathbf { a }$ are parameters to be learned . we prove that with gaussian input $\ mathbf { z }$, there is a spuriou ←
→ image processing using smooth ordering of its patches ; we propose an image processing scheme based on reordering of its patches . for a given corrupted image , we extract all patches with overlaps , refer to these as coordinates in high - dimensional space , and order them such that they are chained in the " shortest possible path ", essentially solving the traveling salesman problem . the obtained ordering applied to the corrupted image , implies a permutation of the image pixels to what should be a regular signal .←
→ webal - 1 : workshop on artificial life and the web 2014 proceedings ; proceedings of webal - 1 : workshop on artificial life and the web 2014 , held at the 14th international conference on the synthesis and simulation of living systems ( alife 14 ), new york , ny , 31 july 2014 .←
→ stochastic primal dual coordinate method with non - uniform sampling based on optimality violations ; we study primal - dual type stochastic optimization algorithms with non - uniform sampling . our main theoretical contribution in this paper is to present a convergence analysis of stochastic primal dual coordinate ( spdc ) method with arbitrary sampling . based on this theoretical framework , we propose optimality violation - based sampling spdc ( ovsspdc ), a non - uniform sampling method based on optimality violation . ←
→ using synthetic data to train neural networks is model - based reasoning ; we draw a formal connection between using synthetic training data to optimize neural network parameters and approximate , bayesian , model - based reasoning . in particular , training a neural network using synthetic data can be viewed as learning a proposal distribution generator for approximate inference in the synthetic - data generative model . we demonstrate this connection in a recognition task where we develop a novel captcha - breaking ar ←
→ when is network lasso accurate ? ; the " least absolute shrinkage and selection operator " ( lasso ) method has been adapted recently for networkstructured datasets . in particular , this network lasso method allows to learn graph signals from a small number of noisy signal samples by using the total variation of a graph signal for regularization . while efficient and scalable implementations of the network lasso are available , only little is known about the conditions on the underlying network structure which ensu ←
→ learning robust visual - semantic embeddings ; many of the existing methods for learning joint embedding of images and text use only supervised information from paired images and its textual attributes . taking advantage of the recent success of unsupervised learning in deep neural networks , we propose an end - to - end learning framework that is able to extract more robust multi - modal representations across domains . the proposed method combines representation learning models ( i . e ., auto - encoders ) together with cr ←
→ towards real - time , country - level location classification of worldwide tweets ; in contrast to much previous work that has focused on location classification of tweets restricted to a specific country , here we undertake the task in a broader context by classifying global tweets at the country level , which is so far unexplored in a real - time scenario . we analyse the extent to which a tweet ' s country of origin can be determined by making use of eight tweet - inherent features for classification . furthermore , w ←
→ narrowing the modeling gap : a cluster - ranking approach to coreference resolution ; traditional learning - based coreference resolvers operate by training the mention - pair model for determining whether two mentions are coreferent or not . though conceptually simple and easy to understand , the mention - pair model is linguistically rather unappealing and lags far behind the heuristic - based coreference models proposed in the pre - statistical nlp era in terms of sophistication . two independent lines of recent resea ←
→ machine learning methods for histopathological image analysis ; abundant accumulation of digital histopathological images has led to the increased demand for their analysis , such as computer - aided diagnosis using machine learning techniques . however , digital pathological images and related tasks have some issues to be considered . in this mini - review , we introduce the application of digital pathological image analysis using machine learning algorithms , address some problems specific to such analysis , and pro ←
→ novelty detection on a mobile robot using habituation ; in this paper a novelty filter is introduced which allows a robot operating in an un structured environment to produce a self - organised model of its surroundings and to detect deviations from the learned model . the environment is perceived using the rob ot ' s 16 sonar sensors . the algorithm produces a novelty measure for each sensor scan relative to the model it has learned . this means that it highlights stimuli which h ave not been previously experienc ←
→ a study of vision based human motion recognition and analysis ; vision based human motion recognition has fascinated many researchers due to its critical challenges and a variety of applications . the applications range from simple gesture recognition to complicated behaviour understanding in surveillance system . this leads to major development in the techniques related to human motion representation and recognition . this paper discusses applications , general framework of human motion recognition , and the de ←
→ causality - aided falsification ; falsification is drawing attention in quality assurance of heterogeneous systems whose complexities are beyond most verification techniques ' scalability . in this paper we introduce the idea of causality aid in falsification : by providing a falsification solver -- that relies on stochastic optimization of a certain cost function -- with suitable causal information expressed by a bayesian network , search for a falsifying input value can be efficient . our experiment results show ←
→ clustering of scientific citations in wikipedia ; the instances of templates in wikipedia form an interesting data set of structured information . here i focus on the cite journal template that is primarily used for citation to articles in scientific journals . these citations can be extracted and analyzed : non - negative matrix factorization is performed on a ( article x journal ) matrix resulting in a soft clustering of wikipedia articles and scientific journals , each cluster more or less representing a scienti ←
→ some theoretical properties of a network of discretely firing neurons ; the problem of optimising a network of discretely firing neurons is addressed . an objective function is introduced which measures the average number of bits that are needed for the network to encode its state . when this is minimised , it is shown that this leads to a number of results , such as topographic mappings , piecewise linear dependence on the input of the probability of a neuron firing , and factorial encoder networks .←
→ shapelet - based sparse representation for landcover classification of hyperspectral images ; this paper presents a sparse representation - based classification approach with a novel dictionary construction procedure . by using the constructed dictionary sophisticated prior knowledge about the spatial nature of the image can be integrated . the approach is based on the assumption that each image patch can be factorized into characteristic spatial patterns , also called shapelets , and patch - specific spectral info ←
→ bounding the probability of error for high precision recognition ; we consider models for which it is important , early in processing , to estimate some variables with high precision , but perhaps at relatively low rates of recall . if some variables can be identified with near certainty , then they can be conditioned upon , allowing further inference to be done efficiently . specifically , we consider optical character recognition ( ocr ) systems that can be bootstrapped by identifying a subset of correctly translat ←
→ embedding graphs under centrality constraints for network visualization ; visual rendering of graphs is a key task in the mapping of complex network data . although most graph drawing algorithms emphasize aesthetic appeal , certain applications such as travel - time maps place more importance on visualization of structural network properties . the present paper advocates two graph embedding approaches with centrality considerations to comply with node hierarchy . the problem is formulated first as one of constrai ←
→ heteroscedastic conditional ordinal random fields for pain intensity estimation from facial images ; we propose a novel method for automatic pain intensity estimation from facial images based on the framework of kernel conditional ordinal random fields ( kcorf ). we extend this framework to account for heteroscedasticity on the output labels ( i . e ., pain intensity scores ) and introduce a novel dynamic features , dynamic ranks , that impose temporal ordinal constraints on the static ranks ( i . e ., intensity scores ←
→ aligning a parallel english - chinese corpus statistically with lexical criteria ; we describe our experience with automatic alignment of sentences in parallel english - chinese texts . our report concerns three related topics : ( 1 ) progress on the hkust english - chinese parallel bilingual corpus ; ( 2 ) experiments addressing the applicability of gale & church ' s length - based statistical method to the task of alignment involving a non - indo - european language ; and ( 3 ) an improved statistical method that also in ←
→ improving variational inference with inverse autoregressive flow ; the framework of normalizing flows provides a general strategy for flexible variational inference of posteriors over latent variables . we propose a new type of normalizing flow , inverse autoregressive flow ( iaf ), that , in contrast to earlier published flows , scales well to high - dimensional latent spaces . the proposed flow consists of a chain of invertible transformations , where each transformation is based on an autoregressive neural network ←
→ common knowledge logic in a higher order proof assistant ? ; this paper presents experiments on common knowledge logic , conducted with the help of the proof assistant coq . the main feature of common knowledge logic is the eponymous modality that says that a group of agents shares a knowledge about a certain proposition in a inductive way . this modality is specified by using a fixpoint approach . furthermore , from these experiments , we discuss and compare the structure of theorems that can be proved in specifi ←
→ morse : semantic - ally drive - n morpheme segment - er ; we present in this paper a novel framework for morpheme segmentation which uses the morpho - syntactic regularities preserved by word representations , in addition to orthographic features , to segment words into morphemes . this framework is the first to consider vocabulary - wide syntactico - semantic information for this task . we also analyze the deficiencies of available benchmarking datasets and introduce our own dataset that was created on the basis of composi ←
→ synthesizing imperative programs from examples guided by static analysis ; we present a novel algorithm that synthesizes imperative programs for introductory programming courses . given a set of input - output examples and a partial program , our algorithm generates a complete program that is consistent with every example . our key idea is to combine enumerative program synthesis and static analysis , which aggressively prunes out a large search space while guaranteeing to find , if any , a correct solution . we hav ←
→ random logic programs : linear model ; this paper proposes a model , the linear model , for randomly generating logic programs with low density of rules and investigates statistical properties of such random logic programs . it is mathematically shown that the average number of answer sets for a random program converges to a constant when the number of atoms approaches infinity . several experimental results are also reported , which justify the suitability of the linear model . it is also experimentally shown tha ←
→ minimax regret bounds for reinforcement learning ; we consider the problem of provably optimal exploration in reinforcement learning for finite horizon mdps . we show that an optimistic modification to value iteration achieves a regret bound of $\ tilde { o }( \ sqrt { hsat } + h ^ 2s ^ 2a + h \ sqrt { t })$ where $ h $ is the time horizon , $ s $ the number of states , $ a $ the number of actions and $ t $ the number of time - steps . this result improves over the best previous known bound $\ tilde { o }( hs \ sqrt { at })$ achieved by the ucrl2 a ←
→ deep metric learning via facility location ; learning the representation and the similarity metric in an end - to - end fashion with deep networks have demonstrated outstanding results for clustering and retrieval . however , these recent approaches still suffer from the performance degradation stemming from the local metric training procedure which is unaware of the global structure of the embedding space . we propose a global metric learning scheme for optimizing the deep metric embedding with the learnable cl ←
→ complex structure leads to overfitting : a structure regularization decoding method for natural language processing ; recent systems on structured prediction focus on increasing the level of structural dependencies within the model . however , our study suggests that complex structures entail high overfitting risks . to control the structure - based overfitting , we propose to conduct structure regularization decoding ( sr decoding ). the decoding of the complex structure model is regularized by the additionally t ←
→ saliency - enhanced robust visual tracking ; discrete correlation filter ( dcf ) based trackers have shown considerable success in visual object tracking . these trackers often make use of low to mid level features such as histogram of gradients ( hog ) and mid - layer activations from convolution neural networks ( cnns ). we argue that including semantically higher level information to the tracked features may provide further robustness to challenging cases such as viewpoint changes . deep salient object detection is ←
→ hierarchical multi - resolution mesh networks for brain decoding ; we propose a new framework , called hierarchical multi - resolution mesh networks ( hmmns ), which establishes a set of brain networks at multiple time resolutions of fmri signal to represent the underlying cognitive process . the suggested framework , first , decomposes the fmri signal into various frequency subbands using wavelet transforms . then , a brain network , called mesh network , is formed at each subband by ensembling a set of local meshes . th ←
→ intra - retinal layer segmentation of 3d optical coherence tomography using coarse grained diffusion map ; optical coherence tomography ( oct ) is a powerful and noninvasive method for retinal imaging . in this paper , we introduce a fast segmentation method based on a new variant of spectral graph theory named diffusion maps . the research is performed on spectral domain ( sd ) oct images depicting macular and optic nerve head appearance . the presented approach does not require edge - based image information and re ←
→ creativity : generating diverse questions using variational autoencoders ; generating diverse questions for given images is an important task for computational education , entertainment and ai assistants . different from many conventional prediction techniques is the need for algorithms to generate a diverse set of plausible questions , which we refer to as " creativity ". in this paper we propose a creative algorithm for visual question generation which combines the advantages of variational autoencoders with lo ←
→ predictive encoding of contextual relationships for perceptual inference , interpolation and prediction ; we propose a new neurally - inspired model that can learn to encode the global relationship context of visual events across time and space and to use the contextual information to modulate the analysis by synthesis process in a predictive coding framework . the model learns latent contextual representations by maximizing the predictability of visual events based on local and global contextual information ←
→ pddl + planning via constraint answer set programming ; pddl + is an extension of pddl that enables modelling planning domains with mixed discrete - continuous dynamics . in this paper we present a new approach to pddl + planning based on constraint answer set programming ( casp ), i . e . asp rules plus numerical constraints . to the best of our knowledge , ours is the first attempt to link pddl + planning and logic programming . we provide an encoding of pddl + models into casp problems . the encoding can handle non - linea ←
→ on the finite time convergence of cyclic coordinate descent methods ; cyclic coordinate descent is a classic optimization method that has witnessed a resurgence of interest in machine learning . reasons for this include its simplicity , speed and stability , as well as its competitive performance on $\ ell_1 $ regularized smooth optimization problems . surprisingly , very little is known about its finite time convergence behavior on these problems . most existing results either just prove convergence or provide asy ←
→ segmentation similarity and agreement ; we propose a new segmentation evaluation metric , called segmentation similarity ( s ), that quantifies the similarity between two segmentations as the proportion of boundaries that are not transformed when comparing them using edit distance , essentially using edit distance as a penalty function and scaling penalties by segmentation size . we propose several adapted inter - annotator agreement coefficients which use s that are suitable for segmentation . we show that s is co ←
→ operator variational inference ; variational inference is an umbrella term for algorithms which cast bayesian inference as optimization . classically , variational inference uses the kullback - leibler divergence to define the optimization . though this divergence has been widely used , the resultant posterior approximation can suffer from undesirable statistical properties . to address this , we reexamine variational inference from its roots as an optimization problem . we use operators , or functions of functions , ←
→ strategies for conceptual change in convolutional neural networks ; a remarkable feature of human beings is their capacity for creative behaviour , referring to their ability to react to problems in ways that are novel , surprising , and useful . transformational creativity is a form of creativity where the creative behaviour is induced by a transformation of the actor ' s conceptual space , that is , the representational system with which the actor interprets its environment . in this report , we focus on ways of ad ←
→ fuzzy approaches to abductive inference ; this paper proposes two kinds of fuzzy abductive inference in the framework of fuzzy rule base . the abductive inference processes described here depend on the semantic of the rule . we distinguish two classes of interpretation of a fuzzy rule , certainty generation rules and possible generation rules . in this paper we present the architecture of abductive inference in the first class of interpretation . we give two kinds of problem that we can resolve by using the prop ←
→ graph2vec : learning distributed representations of graphs ; recent works on representation learning for graph structured data predominantly focus on learning distributed representations of graph substructures such as nodes and subgraphs . however , many graph analytics tasks such as graph classification and clustering require representing entire graphs as fixed length feature vectors . while the aforementioned approaches are naturally unequipped to learn such representations , graph kernels remain as the most e ←
→ diagnosis of aerospace structure defects by a hpc implemented soft computing algorithm ; this study concerns with the diagnosis of aerospace structure defects by applying a hpc parallel implementation of a novel learning algorithm , named u - brain . the soft computing approach allows advanced multi - parameter data processing in composite materials testing . the hpc parallel implementation overcomes the limits due to the great amount of data and the complexity of data processing . our experimental results illust ←
→ enhanced particle swarm optimization algorithms for multiple - input multiple - output system modelling using convolved gaussian process models ; convolved gaussian process ( cgp ) is able to capture the correlations not only between inputs and outputs but also among the outputs . this allows a superior performance of using cgp than standard gaussian process ( gp ) in the modelling of multiple - input multiple - output ( mimo ) systems when observations are missing for some of outputs . similar to standard gp , a key issu ←
→ stick : spike time interval computational kernel , a framework for general purpose computation using neurons , precise timing , delays , and synchrony ; there has been significant research over the past two decades in developing new platforms for spiking neural computation . current neural computers are primarily developed to mimick biology . they use neural networks which can be trained to perform specific tasks to mainly solve pattern recognition problems . these machines can do more than simulate biology , they ←
→ automatic identification of scenedesmus polymorphic microalgae from microscopic images ; microalgae counting is used to measure biomass quantity . usually , it is performed in a manual way using a neubauer chamber and expert criterion , with the risk of a high error rate . this paper addresses the methodology for automatic identification of scenedesmus microalgae ( used in the methane production and food industry ) and applies it to images captured by a digital microscope . the use of contrast adaptive histogram ←
→ setting players ' behaviors in world of warcraft through semi - supervised learning ; digital games are one of the major and most important fields on the entertainment domain , which also involves cinema and music . numerous attempts have been done to improve the quality of the games including more realistic artistic production and computer science . assessing the player ' s behavior , a task known as player modeling , is currently the need of the hour which leads to possible improvements in terms of : ( i ) better ga ←
→ deeply learned face representations are sparse , selective , and robust ; this paper designs a high - performance deep convolutional network ( deepid2 +) for face recognition . it is learned with the identification - verification supervisory signal . by increasing the dimension of hidden representations and adding supervision to early convolutional layers , deepid2 + achieves new state - of - the - art on lfw and youtube faces benchmarks . through empirical studies , we have discovered three properties of its deep neural activ ←
→ digital makeup from internet images ; we present a novel approach of color transfer between images by exploring their high - level semantic information . first , we set up a database which consists of the collection of downloaded images from the internet , which are segmented automatically by using matting techniques . we then , extract image foregrounds from both source and multiple target images . then by using image matting algorithms , the system extracts the semantic information such as faces , lips , teeth , eyes ←
→ avian influenza ( h5n1 ) expert system using dempster - shafer theory ; based on cumulative number of confirmed human cases of avian influenza ( h5n1 ) reported to world health organization ( who ) in the 2011 from 15 countries , indonesia has the largest number death because avian influenza which 146 deaths . in this research , the researcher built an avian influenza ( h5n1 ) expert system for identifying avian influenza disease and displaying the result of identification process . in this paper , we describe five sympto ←
→ learning python code suggestion with a sparse pointer network ; to enhance developer productivity , all modern integrated development environments ( ides ) include code suggestion functionality that proposes likely next tokens at the cursor . while current ides work well for statically - typed languages , their reliance on type annotations means that they do not provide the same level of support for dynamic programming languages as for statically - typed languages . moreover , suggestion engines in modern ides do not ←
→ multiset - valued linear index grammars : imposing dominance constraints on derivations ; this paper defines multiset - valued linear index grammar and unordered vector grammar with dominance links . the former models certain uses of multiset - valued feature structures in unification - based formalisms , while the latter is motivated by word order variation and by `` quasi - trees '', a generalization of trees . the two formalisms are weakly equivalent , and an important subset is at most context - sensitive and polynomial ←
→ incorporating discrete translation lexicons into neural machine translation ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) often makes mistakes in translating low - frequency content words that are essential to understanding the meaning of the sentence . we propose a method to alleviate this problem by augmenting nmt systems with discrete translation lexicons that efficiently encode translations of these low - frequency words . we describe a method to calculate the lexicon probability of the next word in the translation ca ←
→ lazysvd : even faster svd decomposition yet without agonizing pain ; we study $ k $- svd that is to obtain the first $ k $ singular vectors of a matrix $ a $. recently , a few breakthroughs have been discovered on $ k $- svd : musco and musco [ 1 ] proved the first gap - free convergence result using the block krylov method , shamir [ 2 ] discovered the first variance - reduction stochastic method , and bhojanapalli et al . [ 3 ] provided the fastest $ o (\ mathsf { nnz }( a ) + \ mathsf { poly }( 1 /\ varepsilon ))$- time algorithm using alternatin ←
→ robust near - isometric matching via structured learning of graphical models ; models for near - rigid shape matching are typically based on distance - related features , in order to infer matches that are consistent with the isometric assumption . however , real shapes from image datasets , even when expected to be related by " almost isometric " transformations , are actually subject not only to noise but also , to some limited degree , to variations in appearance and scale . in this paper , we introduce a graphical mod ←
→ weaving multi - scale context for single shot detector ; aggregating context information from multiple scales has been proved to be effective for improving accuracy of single shot detectors ( ssds ) on object detection . however , existing multi - scale context fusion techniques are computationally expensive , which unfavorably diminishes the advantageous speed of ssd . in this work , we propose a novel network topology , called weavenet , that can efficiently fuse multi - scale information and boost the detection accurac ←
→ learning to learn from weak supervision by full supervision ; in this paper , we propose a method for training neural networks when we have a large set of data with weak labels and a small amount of data with true labels . in our proposed model , we train two neural networks : a target network , the learner and a confidence network , the meta - learner . the target network is optimized to perform a given task and is trained using a large set of unlabeled data that are weakly annotated . we propose to control the magn ←
→ psdvec : a toolbox for incremental and scalable word embedding ; psdvec is a python / perl toolbox that learns word embeddings , i . e . the mapping of words in a natural language to continuous vectors which encode the semantic / syntactic regularities between the words . psdvec implements a word embedding learning method based on a weighted low - rank positive semidefinite approximation . to scale up the learning process , we implement a blockwise online learning algorithm to learn the embeddings incrementally . this str ←
→ even the abstract have colour : consensus in word - colour associations ; colour is a key component in the successful dissemination of information . since many real - world concepts are associated with colour , for example danger with red , linguistic information is often complemented with the use of appropriate colours in information visualization and product marketing . yet , there is no comprehensive resource that captures concept - colour associations . we present a method to create a large word - colour association l ←
→ collaboratively learning preferences from ordinal data ; in applications such as recommendation systems and revenue management , it is important to predict preferences on items that have not been seen by a user or predict outcomes of comparisons among those that have never been compared . a popular discrete choice model of multinomial logit model captures the structure of the hidden preferences with a low - rank matrix . in order to predict the preferences , we want to learn the underlying model from noisy observ ←
→ a mutual contamination analysis of mixed membership and partial label models ; many machine learning problems can be characterized by mutual contamination models . in these problems , one observes several random samples from different convex combinations of a set of unknown base distributions . it is of interest to decontaminate mutual contamination models , i . e ., to recover the base distributions either exactly or up to a permutation . this paper considers the general setting where the base distributions are ←
→ from cutting planes algorithms to compression schemes and active learning ; cutting - plane methods are well - studied localization ( and optimization ) algorithms . we show that they provide a natural framework to perform machinelearning --- and not just to solve optimization problems posed by machinelearning --- in addition to their intended optimization use . in particular , theyallow one to learn sparse classifiers and provide good compression schemes . moreover , we show that very little effort is required to turn ←
→ a comparative analysis of social network pages by interests of their followers ; being a matter of cognition , user interests should be apt to classification independent of the language of users , social network and content of interest itself . to prove it , we analyze a collection of english and russian twitter and vkontakte community pages by interests of their followers . first , we create a model of major interests ( mais ) with the help of expert analysis and then classify a set of pages using machine learni ←
→ posterior sampling for large scale reinforcement learning ; posterior sampling for reinforcement learning ( psrl ) is a popular algorithm for learning to control an unknown markov decision process ( mdp ). psrl maintains a distribution over mdp parameters and in an episodic fashion samples mdp parameters , computes the optimal policy for them and executes it . a special case of psrl is where at the end of each episode the mdp resets to the initial state distribution . extensions of this idea to general mdps withou ←
→ competitive on - line learning with a convex loss function ; we consider the problem of sequential decision making under uncertainty in which the loss caused by a decision depends on the following binary observation . in competitive on - line learning , the goal is to design decision algorithms that are almost as good as the best decision rules in a wide benchmark class , without making any assumptions about the way the observations are generated . however , standard algorithms in this area can only deal with finite ←
→ reasoning about the value of decision - model refinement : methods and application ; we investigate the value of extending the completeness of a decision model along different dimensions of refinement . specifically , we analyze the expected value of quantitative , conceptual , and structural refinement of decision models . we illustrate the key dimensions of refinement with examples . the analyses of value of model refinement can be used to focus the attention of an analyst or an automated reasoning system on ext ←
→ an explanation mechanism for bayesian inferencing systems ; explanation facilities are a particularly important feature of expert system frameworks . it is an area in which traditional rule - based expert system frameworks have had mixed results . while explanations about control are well handled , facilities are needed for generating better explanations concerning knowledge base content . this paper approaches the explanation problem by examining the effect an event has on a variable of interest within a symmetr ←
→ the variational garrote ; in this paper , we present a new variational method for sparse regression using $ l_0 $ regularization . the variational parameters appear in the approximate model in a way that is similar to breiman ' s garrote model . we refer to this method as the variational garrote ( vg ). we show that the combination of the variational approximation and $ l_0 $ regularization has the effect of making the problem effectively of maximal rank even when the number of samples is small compared to the number ←
→ convolutional oriented boundaries ; we present convolutional oriented boundaries ( cob ), which produces multiscale oriented contours and region hierarchies starting from generic image classification convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). cob is computationally efficient , because it requires a single cnn forward pass for contour detection and it uses a novel sparse boundary representation for hierarchical segmentation ; it gives a significant leap in performance over the state - of - the - art , and it generalizes ver ←
→ dsrim : a deep neural information retrieval model enhanced by a knowledge resource driven representation of documents ; the state - of - the - art solutions to the vocabulary mismatch in information retrieval ( ir ) mainly aim at leveraging either the relational semantics provided by external resources or the distributional semantics , recently investigated by deep neural approaches . guided by the intuition that the relational semantics might improve the effectiveness of deep neural approaches , we propose the deep ←
→ generic deep networks with wavelet scattering ; we introduce a two - layer wavelet scattering network , for object classification . this scattering transform computes a spatial wavelet transform on the first layer and a new joint wavelet transform along spatial , angular and scale variables in the second layer . numerical experiments demonstrate that this two layer convolution network , which involves no learning and no max pooling , performs efficiently on complex image data sets such as caltech , with structural o ←
→ a model for reasoning with uncertain rules in event composition systems ; in recent years , there has been an increased need for the use of active systems - systems required to act automatically based on events , or changes in the environment . such systems span many areas , from active databases to applications that drive the core business processes of today ' s enterprises . however , in many cases , the events to which the system must respond are not generated by monitoring tools , but must be inferred from other ←
→ parameter - free model of rank polysemantic distribution ; a model of rank polysemantic distribution with a minimal number of fitting parameters is offered . in an ideal case a parameter - free description of the dependence on the basis of one or several immediate features of the distribution is possible .←
→ causal discovery using proxy variables ; discovering causal relations is fundamental to reasoning and intelligence . in particular , observational causal discovery algorithms estimate the cause - effect relation between two random entities $ x $ and $ y $, given $ n $ samples from $ p ( x , y )$. in this paper , we develop a framework to estimate the cause - effect relation between two static entities $ x $ and $ y $: for instance , an art masterpiece $ x $ and its fraudulent copy $ y $. to this end , we introduce the notion of proxy ←
→ active mean fields for probabilistic image segmentation : connections with chan - vese and rudin - osher - fatemi models ; segmentation is a fundamental task for extracting semantically meaningful regions from an image . the goal of segmentation algorithms is to accurately assign object labels to each image location . however , image - noise , shortcomings of algorithms , and image ambiguities cause uncertainty in label assignment . estimating the uncertainty in label assignment is important in multiple application doma ←
→ wide compression : tensor ring nets ; deep neural networks have demonstrated state - of - the - art performance in a variety of real - world applications . in order to obtain performance gains , these networks have grown larger and deeper , containing millions or even billions of parameters and over a thousand layers . the trade - off is that these large architectures require an enormous amount of memory , storage , and computation , thus limiting their usability . inspired by the recent tensor ring factorization , we introduc ←
→ dual attention network for product compatibility and function satisfiability analysis ; product compatibility and their functionality are of utmost importance to customers when they purchase products , and to sellers and manufacturers when they sell products . due to the huge number of products available online , it is infeasible to enumerate and test the compatibility and functionality of every product . in this paper , we address two closely related problems : product compatibility analysis and function satis ←
→ pruning nearest neighbor cluster trees ; nearest neighbor ( k - nn ) graphs are widely used in machine learning and data mining applications , and our aim is to better understand what they reveal about the cluster structure of the unknown underlying distribution of points . moreover , is it possible to identify spurious structures that might arise due to sampling variability ? our first contribution is a statistical analysis that reveals how certain subgraphs of a k - nn graph form a consistent estimator of the clu ←
→ reinforcement learning via aixi approximation ; this paper introduces a principled approach for the design of a scalable general reinforcement learning agent . this approach is based on a direct approximation of aixi , a bayesian optimality notion for general reinforcement learning agents . previously , it has been unclear whether the theory of aixi could motivate the design of practical algorithms . we answer this hitherto open question in the affirmative , by providing the first computationally feasible approxi ←
→ guided deep reinforcement learning for swarm systems ; in this paper , we investigate how to learn to control a group of cooperative agents with limited sensing capabilities such as robot swarms . the agents have only very basic sensor capabilities , yet in a group they can accomplish sophisticated tasks , such as distributed assembly or search and rescue tasks . learning a policy for a group of agents is difficult due to distributed partial observability of the state . here , we follow a guided approach where a c ←
→ a bayesian interpretation of the particle swarm optimization and its kernel extension ; particle swarm optimization is a popular method for solving difficult optimization problems . there have been attempts to formulate the method in formal probabilistic or stochastic terms ( e . g . bare bones particle swarm ) with the aim to achieve more generality and explain the practical behavior of the method . here we present a bayesian interpretation of the particle swarm optimization . this interpretation provides a form ←
→ detecting visual relationships with deep relational networks ; relationships among objects play a crucial role in image understanding . despite the great success of deep learning techniques in recognizing individual objects , reasoning about the relationships among objects remains a challenging task . previous methods often treat this as a classification problem , considering each type of relationship ( e . g . " ride ") or each distinct visual phrase ( e . g . " person - ride - horse ") as a category . such approaches are face ←
→ on the existence of kernel function for kernel - trick of k - means ; this paper corrects the proof of the theorem 2 from the gower ' s paper \ cite [ page 5 ]{ gower : 1982 }. the correction is needed in order to establish the existence of the kernel function used commonly in the kernel trick e . g . for $ k $- means clustering algorithm , on the grounds of distance matrix . the scope of correction is explained in section 2 .←
→ land cover classification from multi - temporal , multi - spectral remotely sensed imagery using patch - based recurrent neural networks ; sustainability of the global environment is dependent on the accurate land cover information over large areas . even with the increased number of satellite systems and sensors acquiring data with improved spectral , spatial , radiometric and temporal characteristics and the new data distribution policy , most existing land cover datasets were derived from a pixel - based single - dat ←
→ domain adaptations for computer vision applications ; a basic assumption of statistical learning theory is that train and test data are drawn from the same underlying distribution . unfortunately , this assumption doesn ' t hold in many applications . instead , ample labeled data might exist in a particular ` source ' domain while inference is needed in another , ` target ' domain . domain adaptation methods leverage labeled data from both domains to improve classification on unseen data in the target domain . in this w ←
→ statistical analysis based hypothesis testing method in biological knowledge discovery ; the correlation and interactions among different biological entities comprise the biological system . although already revealed interactions contribute to the understanding of different existing systems , researchers face many questions everyday regarding inter - relationships among entities . their queries have potential role in exploring new relations which may open up a new area of investigation . in this paper , we intro ←
→ a diagram is worth a dozen images ; diagrams are common tools for representing complex concepts , relationships and events , often when it would be difficult to portray the same information with natural images . understanding natural images has been extensively studied in computer vision , while diagram understanding has received little attention . in this paper , we study the problem of diagram interpretation and reasoning , the challenging task of identifying the structure of a diagram and the semantics of its c ←
→ predictions as statements and decisions ; prediction is a complex notion , and different predictors ( such as people , computer programs , and probabilistic theories ) can pursue very different goals . in this paper i will review some popular kinds of prediction and argue that the theory of competitive on - line learning can benefit from the kinds of prediction that are now foreign to it .←
→ naive bayes and text classification i - introduction and theory ; naive bayes classifiers , a family of classifiers that are based on the popular bayes ' probability theorem , are known for creating simple yet well performing models , especially in the fields of document classification and disease prediction . in this article , we will look at the main concepts of naive bayes classification in the context of document categorization .←
→ modeling of mixed decision making process ; decision making whenever and wherever it is happened is key to organizations success . in order to make correct decision , individuals , teams and organizations need both knowledge management ( to manage content ) and collaboration ( to manage group processes ) to make that more effective and efficient . in this paper , we explain the knowledge management and collaboration convergence . then , we propose a formal description of mixed and multimodal decision making ( mdm ) proc ←
→ prosody - based automatic segmentation of speech into sentences and topics ; a crucial step in processing speech audio data for information extraction , topic detection , or browsing / playback is to segment the input into sentence and topic units . speech segmentation is challenging , since the cues typically present for segmenting text ( headers , paragraphs , punctuation ) are absent in spoken language . we investigate the use of prosody ( information gleaned from the timing and melody of speech ) for these tasks . usin ←
→ learning to smile ( s ) ; this paper shows how one can directly apply natural language processing ( nlp ) methods to classification problems in cheminformatics . connection between these seemingly separate fields is shown by considering standard textual representation of compound , smiles . the problem of activity prediction against a target protein is considered , which is a crucial part of computer aided drug design process . conducted experiments show that this way one can not only outrank state of the art results ←
→ entropic causality and greedy minimum entropy coupling ; we study the problem of identifying the causal relationship between two discrete random variables from observational data . we recently proposed a novel framework called entropic causality that works in a very general functional model but makes the assumption that the unobserved exogenous variable has small entropy in the true causal direction . this framework requires the solution of a minimum entropy coupling problem : given marginal distributions of ←
→ song - based classification techniques for endangered bird conservation ; the work presented in this paper is part of a global framework which long term goal is to design a wireless sensor network able to support the observation of a population of endangered birds . we present the first stage for which we have conducted a knowledge discovery approach on a sample of acoustical data . we use mfcc features extracted from bird songs and we exploit two knowledge discovery techniques . one that relies on clustering - ba ←
→ efficient partial order cdcl using assertion level choice heuristics ; we previously designed partial order conflict driven clause learning ( po - cdcl ), a variation of the satisfiability solving cdcl algorithm with a partial order on decision levels , and showed that it can speed up the solving on problems with a high independence between decision levels . in this paper , we more thoroughly analyze the reasons of the efficiency of po - cdcl . of particular importance is that the partial order introduces several can ←
→ improved regularization techniques for end - to - end speech recognition ; regularization is important for end - to - end speech models , since the models are highly flexible and easy to overfit . data augmentation and dropout has been important for improving end - to - end models in other domains . however , they are relatively under explored for end - to - end speech models . therefore , we investigate the effectiveness of both methods for end - to - end trainable , deep speech recognition models . we augment audio data through rand ←
→ improved style transfer by respecting inter - layer correlations ; a popular series of style transfer methods apply a style to a content image by controlling mean and covariance of values in early layers of a feature stack . this is insufficient for transferring styles that have strong structure across spatial scales like , e . g ., textures where dots lie on long curves . this paper demonstrates that controlling inter - layer correlations yields visible improvements in style transfer methods . we achieve this control ←
→ learning to see by moving ; the dominant paradigm for feature learning in computer vision relies on training neural networks for the task of object recognition using millions of hand labelled images . is it possible to learn useful features for a diverse set of visual tasks using any other form of supervision ? in biology , living organisms developed the ability of visual perception for the purpose of moving and acting in the world . drawing inspiration from this observation , in this work we investigate if the ←
→ stroke controllable fast style transfer with adaptive receptive fields ; recently , in the community of neural style transfer , several algorithms are proposed to transfer an artistic style in real - time , which is known as fast style transfer . however , controlling the stroke size in stylized results still remains an open challenge . to achieve controllable stroke sizes , several attempts were made including training multiple models and resizing the input image in a variety of scales , respectively . however , their ←
→ cscr : computer supported collaborative research ; it is suggested that a new area of cscr ( computer supported collaborative research ) is distinguished from cscw and cscl and that the demarcation between the three areas could do with greater clarification and prescription .←
→ outlier detection by logic programming ; the development of effective knowledge discovery techniques has become in the recent few years a very active research area due to the important impact it has in several relevant application areas . one interesting task thereof is that of singling out anomalous individuals from a given population , e . g ., to detect rare events in time - series analysis settings , or to identify objects whose behavior is deviant w . r . t . a codified standard set of " social " rules . such exceptio ←
→ lr - gan : layered recursive generative adversarial networks for image generation ; we present lr - gan : an adversarial image generation model which takes scene structure and context into account . unlike previous generative adversarial networks ( gans ), the proposed gan learns to generate image background and foregrounds separately and recursively , and stitch the foregrounds on the background in a contextually relevant manner to produce a complete natural image . for each foreground , the model learns to generate ←
→ camera distortion self - calibration using the plumb - line constraint and minimal hough entropy ; in this paper we present a simple and robust method for self - correction of camera distortion using single images of scenes which contain straight lines . since the most common distortion can be modelled as radial distortion , we illustrate the method using the harris radial distortion model , but the method is applicable to any distortion model . the method is based on transforming the edgels of the distorted image ←
→ verdict accuracy of quick reduct algorithm using clustering and classification techniques for gene expression data ; in most gene expression data , the number of training samples is very small compared to the large number of genes involved in the experiments . however , among the large amount of genes , only a small fraction is effective for performing a certain task . furthermore , a small subset of genes is desirable in developing gene expression based diagnostic tools for delivering reliable and understandab ←
→ geometry - based data generation ; many generative models attempt to replicate the density of their input data . however , this approach is often undesirable , since data density is highly affected by sampling biases , noise , and artifacts . we propose a method called sugar ( synthesis using geometrically aligned random - walks ) that uses a diffusion process to learn a manifold geometry from the data . then , it generates new points evenly along the manifold by pulling randomly generated points into its intrinsic struc ←
→ a recurrent encoder - decoder network for sequential face alignment ; we propose a novel recurrent encoder - decoder network model for real - time video - based face alignment . our proposed model predicts 2d facial point maps regularized by a regression loss , while uniquely exploiting recurrent learning at both spatial and temporal dimensions . at the spatial level , we add a feedback loop connection between the combined output response map and the input , in order to enable iterative coarse - to - fine face alignment usi ←
→ a personalized system for conversational recommendations ; searching for and making decisions about information is becoming increasingly difficult as the amount of information and number of choices increases . recommendation systems help users find items of interest of a particular type , such as movies or restaurants , but are still somewhat awkward to use . our solution is to take advantage of the complementary strengths of personalized recommendation systems and dialogue systems , creating personalized aides .←
→ learning a factor model via regularized pca ; we consider the problem of learning a linear factor model . we propose a regularized form of principal component analysis ( pca ) and demonstrate through experiments with synthetic and real data the superiority of resulting estimates to those produced by pre - existing factor analysis approaches . we also establish theoretical results that explain how our algorithm corrects the biases induced by conventional approaches . an important feature of our algorithm is that it ←
→ polarized montagovian semantics for the lambek - grishin calculus ; grishin proposed enriching the lambek calculus with multiplicative disjunction ( par ) and coresiduals . applications to linguistics were discussed by moortgat , who spoke of the lambek - grishin calculus ( lg ). in this paper , we adapt girard ' s polarity - sensitive double negation embedding for classical logic to extract a compositional montagovian semantics from a display calculus for focused proof search in lg . we seize the opportunity to illustrate ←
→ streaming multimedia information using the features of the dvb - s card ; this paper presents a study of audio - video streaming using the additional possibilities of a dvb - s card . the board used for experiments ( technisat skystar 2 ) is one of the most frequently used cards for this purpose . using the main blocks of the board ' s software support it is possible the implement a really useful and full functional system for audio - video streaming . the streaming is possible to be implemented either for decoded mpeg st ←
→ penalized k - nearest - neighbor - graph based metrics for clustering ; a difficult problem in clustering is how to handle data with a manifold structure , i . e . data that is not shaped in the form of compact clouds of points , forming arbitrary shapes or paths embedded in a high - dimensional space . in this work we introduce the penalized k - nearest - neighbor - graph ( pknng ) based metric , a new tool for evaluating distances in such cases . the new metric can be used in combination with most clustering algorithms . the pknn ←
→ direct processing of document images in compressed domain ; with the rapid increase in the volume of big data of this digital era , fax documents , invoices , receipts , etc are traditionally subjected to compression for the efficiency of data storage and transfer . however , in order to process these documents , they need to undergo the stage of decompression which indents additional computing resources . this limitation induces the motivation to research on the possibility of directly processing of compressed ima ←
→ joint representation learning of text and knowledge for knowledge graph completion ; joint representation learning of text and knowledge within a unified semantic space enables us to perform knowledge graph completion more accurately . in this work , we propose a novel framework to embed words , entities and relations into the same continuous vector space . in this model , both entity and relation embeddings are learned by taking knowledge graph and plain text into consideration . in experiments , we evaluate th ←
→ distributed deep transfer learning by basic probability assignment ; transfer learning is a popular practice in deep neural networks , but fine - tuning of large number of parameters is a hard task due to the complex wiring of neurons between splitting layers and imbalance distributions of data in pretrained and transferred domains . the reconstruction of the original wiring for the target domain is a heavy burden due to the size of interconnections across neurons . we propose a distributed scheme that tunes the ←
→ adaptive evolutionary clustering ; in many practical applications of clustering , the objects to be clustered evolve over time , and a clustering result is desired at each time step . in such applications , evolutionary clustering typically outperforms traditional static clustering by producing clustering results that reflect long - term trends while being robust to short - term variations . several evolutionary clustering algorithms have recently been proposed , often by adding a temporal smoothness penalty to the c ←
→ parallel d2 - clustering : large - scale clustering of discrete distributions ; the discrete distribution clustering algorithm , namely d2 - clustering , has demonstrated its usefulness in image classification and annotation where each object is represented by a bag of weighed vectors . the high computational complexity of the algorithm , however , limits its applications to large - scale problems . we present a parallel d2 - clustering algorithm with substantially improved scalability . a hierarchical structure for parallel ←
→ semi - supervised model training for unbounded conversational speech recognition ; for conversational large - vocabulary continuous speech recognition ( lvcsr ) tasks , up to about two thousand hours of audio is commonly used to train state of the art models . collection of labeled conversational audio however , is prohibitively expensive , laborious and error - prone . furthermore , academic corpora like fisher english ( 2004 ) or switchboard ( 1992 ) are inadequate to train models with sufficient accuracy in the unbounde ←
→ exploring automatic word sense disambiguation with decision lists and the web ; the most effective paradigm for word sense disambiguation , supervised learning , seems to be stuck because of the knowledge acquisition bottleneck . in this paper we take an in - depth study of the performance of decision lists on two publicly available corpora and an additional corpus automatically acquired from the web , using the fine - grained highly polysemous senses in wordnet . decision lists are shown a versatile state - of - the -←
→ eb - gls : an improved guided local search based on the big valley structure ; local search is a basic building block in memetic algorithms . guided local search ( gls ) can improve the efficiency of local search . by changing the guide function , gls guides a local search to escape from locally optimal solutions and find better solutions . the key component of gls is its penalizing mechanism which determines which feature is selected to penalize when the search is trapped in a locally optimal solution . the origin ←
→ memory - based parameter adaptation ; deep neural networks have excelled on a wide range of problems , from vision to language and game playing . neural networks very gradually incorporate information into weights as they process data , requiring very low learning rates . if the training distribution shifts , the network is slow to adapt , and when it does adapt , it typically performs badly on the training distribution before the shift . our method , memory - based parameter adaptation , stores examples in memory and th ←
→ statistical guarantees for the em algorithm : from population to sample - based analysis ; we develop a general framework for proving rigorous guarantees on the performance of the em algorithm and a variant known as gradient em . our analysis is divided into two parts : a treatment of these algorithms at the population level ( in the limit of infinite data ), followed by results that apply to updates based on a finite set of samples . first , we characterize the domain of attraction of any global maximizer of the ←
→ application of topic models to judgments from public procurement domain ; in this work , automatic analysis of themes contained in a large corpora of judgments from public procurement domain is performed . the employed technique is unsupervised latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ). in addition , it is proposed , to use lda in conjunction with recently developed method of unsupervised keyword extraction . such an approach improves the interpretability of the automatically obtained topics and allows for better comput ←
→ the optimal reward baseline for gradient - based reinforcement learning ; there exist a number of reinforcement learning algorithms which learnby climbing the gradient of expected reward . their long - runconvergence has been proved , even in partially observableenvironments with non - deterministic actions , and without the need fora system model . however , the variance of the gradient estimator hasbeen found to be a significant practical problem . recent approacheshave discounted future rewards , introducing a bias - v ←
→ understanding probabilistic sparse gaussian process approximations ; good sparse approximations are essential for practical inference in gaussian processes as the computational cost of exact methods is prohibitive for large datasets . the fully independent training conditional ( fitc ) and the variational free energy ( vfe ) approximations are two recent popular methods . despite superficial similarities , these approximations have surprisingly different theoretical properties and behave differently in practice . w ←
→ a brief introduction to machine learning for engineers ; this monograph aims at providing an introduction to key concepts , algorithms , and theoretical frameworks in machine learning , including supervised and unsupervised learning , statistical learning theory , probabilistic graphical models and approximate inference . the intended readership consists of electrical engineers with a background in probability and linear algebra . the treatment builds on first principles , and organizes the main ideas according to ←
→ autoencoder based image compression : can the learning be quantization independent ? ; this paper explores the problem of learning transforms for image compression via autoencoders . usually , the rate - distortion performances of image compression are tuned by varying the quantization step size . in the case of autoen - coders , this in principle would require learning one transform per rate - distortion point at a given quantization step size . here , we show that comparable performances can be obtained with a unique ←
→ attacking and defending covert channels and behavioral models ; in this paper we present methods for attacking and defending $ k $- gram statistical analysis techniques that are used , for example , in network traffic analysis and covert channel detection . the main new result is our demonstration of how to use a behavior ' s or process ' $ k $- order statistics to build a stochastic process that has those same $ k $- order stationary statistics but possesses different , deliberately designed , $( k + 1 )$- order statistics if d ←
→ active learning for delineation of curvilinear structures ; many recent delineation techniques owe much of their increased effectiveness to path classification algorithms that make it possible to distinguish promising paths from others . the downside of this development is that they require annotated training data , which is tedious to produce . in this paper , we propose an active learning approach that considerably speeds up the annotation process . unlike standard ones , it takes advantage of the specificiti ←
→ the semantic knowledge graph : a compact , auto - generated model for real - time traversal and ranking of any relationship within a domain ; this paper describes a new kind of knowledge representation and mining system which we are calling the semantic knowledge graph . at its heart , the semantic knowledge graph leverages an inverted index , along with a complementary uninverted index , to represent nodes ( terms ) and edges ( the documents within intersecting postings lists for multiple terms / nodes ). this provides ←
→ learning non - local image diffusion for image denoising ; image diffusion plays a fundamental role for the task of image denoising . recently proposed trainable nonlinear reaction diffusion ( tnrd ) model defines a simple but very effective framework for image denoising . however , as the tnrd model is a local model , the diffusion behavior of which is purely controlled by information of local patches , it is prone to create artifacts in the homogenous regions and over - smooth highly textured regions , especially in ←
→ a new initial centroid finding method based on dissimilarity tree for k - means algorithm ; cluster analysis is one of the primary data analysis technique in data mining and k - means is one of the commonly used partitioning clustering algorithm . in k - means algorithm , resulting set of clusters depend on the choice of initial centroids . if we can find initial centroids which are coherent with the arrangement of data , the better set of clusters can be obtained . this paper proposes a method based on the dissimil ←
→ reflection separation using guided annotation ; photographs taken through a glass surface often contain an approximately linear superposition of reflected and transmitted layers . decomposing an image into these layers is generally an ill - posed task and the use of an additional image prior and user provided cues is presently necessary in order to obtain good results . current annotation approaches rely on a strong sparsity assumption . for images with significant texture this assumption does not typically hold ←
→ using abduction in markov logic networks for root cause analysis ; it infrastructure is a crucial part in most of today ' s business operations . high availability and reliability , and short response times to outages are essential . thus a high amount of tool support and automation in risk management is desirable to decrease outages . we propose a new approach for calculating the root cause for an observed failure in an it infrastructure . our approach is based on abduction in markov logic networks . abduction aim ←
→ interpreting random forest classification models using a feature contribution method ; model interpretation is one of the key aspects of the model evaluation process . the explanation of the relationship between model variables and outputs is relatively easy for statistical models , such as linear regressions , thanks to the availability of model parameters and their statistical significance . for " black box " models , such as random forest , this information is hidden inside the model structure . this work prese ←
→ incremental learning through deep adaptation ; given an existing trained neural network , it is often desirable to learn new capabilities without hindering performance of those already learned . existing approaches either learn sub - optimal solutions , require joint training , or incur a substantial increment in the number of parameters for each added domain , typically as many as the original network . we propose a method called \ emph { deep adaptation networks } ( dan ) that constrains newly learned filters to be lin ←
→ inflection system of a language as a complex network ; we investigate inflection structure of a synthetic language using latin as an example . we construct a bipartite graph in which one group of vertices correspond to dictionary headwords and the other group to inflected forms encountered in a given text . each inflected form is connected to its corresponding headword , which in some cases in non - unique . the resulting sparse graph decomposes into a large number of connected components , to be called word group ←
→ sentiment analysis on bangla and romanized bangla text ( brbt ) using deep recurrent models ; sentiment analysis ( sa ) is an action research area in the digital age . with rapid and constant growth of online social media sites and services , and the increasing amount of textual data such as - statuses , comments , reviews etc . available in them , application of automatic sa is on the rise . however , most of the research works on sa in natural language processing ( nlp ) are based on english language . despite being t ←
→ minutiae based thermal face recognition using blood perfusion data ; this paper describes an efficient approach for human face recognition based on blood perfusion data from infra - red face images . blood perfusion data are characterized by the regional blood flow in human tissue and therefore do not depend entirely on surrounding temperature . these data bear a great potential for deriving discriminating facial thermogram for better classification and recognition of face images in comparison to optical image ←
→ bilinear cnns for fine - grained visual recognition ; we present a simple and effective architecture for fine - grained visual recognition called bilinear convolutional neural networks ( b - cnns ). these networks represent an image as a pooled outer product of features derived from two cnns and capture localized feature interactions in a translationally invariant manner . b - cnns belong to the class of orderless texture representations but unlike prior work they can be trained in an end - to - end manner . our most accur ←
→ block modelling in dynamic networks with non - homogeneous poisson processes and exact icl ; we develop a model in which interactions between nodes of a dynamic network are counted by non homogeneous poisson processes . in a block modelling perspective , nodes belong to hidden clusters ( whose number is unknown ) and the intensity functions of the counting processes only depend on the clusters of nodes . in order to make inference tractable we move to discrete time by partitioning the entire time horizon in whic ←
→ on multilabel classification and ranking with partial feedback ; we present a novel multilabel / ranking algorithm working in partial information settings . the algorithm is based on 2nd - order descent methods , and relies on upper - confidence bounds to trade - off exploration and exploitation . we analyze this algorithm in a partial adversarial setting , where covariates can be adversarial , but multilabel probabilities are ruled by ( generalized ) linear models . we show o ( t ^{ 1 / 2 } log t ) regret bounds , which improve in ←
→ bayesian optimization with exponential convergence ; this paper presents a bayesian optimization method with exponential convergence without the need of auxiliary optimization and without the delta - cover sampling . most bayesian optimization methods require auxiliary optimization : an additional non - convex global optimization problem , which can be time - consuming and hard to implement in practice . also , the existing bayesian optimization method with exponential convergence requires access to the delta - cover sa ←
→ simdoc : topic sequence alignment based document similarity framework ; document similarity is the problem of estimating the degree to which a given pair of documents has similar semantic content . an accurate document similarity measure can improve several enterprise relevant tasks such as document clustering , text mining , and question - answering . in this paper , we show that a document ' s thematic flow , which is often disregarded by bag - of - word techniques , is pivotal in estimating their similarity . to this end ←
→ chosen - plaintext cryptanalysis of a clipped - neural - network - based chaotic cipher ; in isnn ' 04 , a novel symmetric cipher was proposed , by combining a chaotic signal and a clipped neural network ( cnn ) for encryption . the present paper analyzes the security of this chaotic cipher against chosen - plaintext attacks , and points out that this cipher can be broken by a chosen - plaintext attack . experimental analyses are given to support the feasibility of the proposed attack .←
→ expect the unexpected : harnessing sentence completion for sarcasm detection ; the trigram ` i love being ' is expected to be followed by positive words such as ` happy '. in a sarcastic sentence , however , the word ` ignored ' may be observed . the expected and the observed words are , thus , incongruous . we model sarcasm detection as the task of detecting incongruity between an observed and an expected word . in order to obtain the expected word , we use context2vec , a sentence completion library based on bidirectio ←
→ estimating causal direction and confounding of two discrete variables ; we propose a method to classify the causal relationship between two discrete variables given only the joint distribution of the variables , acknowledging that the method is subject to an inherent baseline error . we assume that the causal system is acyclicity , but we do allow for hidden common causes . our algorithm presupposes that the probability distributions $ p ( c )$ of a cause $ c $ is independent from the probability distribution $ p ( e \ mi ←
→ improvements of real coded genetic algorithms based on differential operators preventing premature convergence ; this paper presents several types of evolutionary algorithms ( eas ) used for global optimization on real domains . the interest has been focused on multimodal problems , where the difficulties of a premature convergence usually occurs . first the standard genetic algorithm ( sga ) using binary encoding of real values and its unsatisfactory behavior with multimodal problems is briefly reviewed togethe ←
→ a novel genetic algorithm using helper objectives for the 0 - 1 knapsack problem ; the 0 - 1 knapsack problem is a well - known combinatorial optimisation problem . approximation algorithms have been designed for solving it and they return provably good solutions within polynomial time . on the other hand , genetic algorithms are well suited for solving the knapsack problem and they find reasonably good solutions quickly . a naturally arising question is whether genetic algorithms are able to find solutions as good ←
→ item2vec : neural item embedding for collaborative filtering ; many collaborative filtering ( cf ) algorithms are item - based in the sense that they analyze item - item relations in order to produce item similarities . recently , several works in the field of natural language processing ( nlp ) suggested to learn a latent representation of words using neural embedding algorithms . among them , the skip - gram with negative sampling ( sgns ), also known as word2vec , was shown to provide state - of - the - art results on various l ←
→ probabilities on sentences in an expressive logic ; automated reasoning about uncertain knowledge has many applications . one difficulty when developing such systems is the lack of a completely satisfactory integration of logic and probability . we address this problem directly . expressive languages like higher - order logic are ideally suited for representing and reasoning about structured knowledge . uncertain knowledge can be modeled by using graded probabilities rather than binary truth - values . the main tech ←
→ a nonparametric delayed feedback model for conversion rate prediction ; predicting conversion rates ( cvrs ) in display advertising ( e . g ., predicting the proportion of users who purchase an item ( i . e ., a conversion ) after its corresponding ad is clicked ) is important when measuring the effects of ads shown to users and to understanding the interests of the users . there is generally a time delay ( i . e ., so - called {\ it delayed feedback }) between the ad click and conversion . owing to the delayed feedback , samples ←
→ an incentive compatible multi - armed - bandit crowdsourcing mechanism with quality assurance ; consider a requester who wishes to crowdsource a series of identical binary labeling tasks to a pool of workers so as to achieve an assured accuracy for each task , in a cost optimal way . the workers are heterogeneous with unknown but fixed qualities and their costs are private . the problem is to select for each task an optimal subset of workers so that the outcome obtained from the selected workers guarantees a tar ←
→ can boltzmann machines discover cluster updates ? ; boltzmann machines are physics informed generative models with wide applications in machine learning . they can learn the probability distribution from an input dataset and generate new samples accordingly . applying them back to physics , the boltzmann machines are ideal recommender systems to accelerate monte carlo simulation of physical systems due to their flexibility and effectiveness . more intriguingly , we show that the generative sampling of the boltzm ←
→ human activity learning and segmentation using partially hidden discriminative models ; learning and understanding the typical patterns in the daily activities and routines of people from low - level sensory data is an important problem in many application domains such as building smart environments , or providing intelligent assistance . traditional approaches to this problem typically rely on supervised learning and generative models such as the hidden markov models and its extensions . while activity data c ←
→ a bayesian ensemble for unsupervised anomaly detection ; methods for unsupervised anomaly detection suffer from the fact that the data is unlabeled , making it difficult to assess the optimality of detection algorithms . ensemble learning has shown exceptional results in classification and clustering problems , but has not seen as much research in the context of outlier detection . existing methods focus on combining output scores of individual detectors , but this leads to outputs that are not easily interpreta ←
→ learning without recall : a case for log - linear learning ; we analyze a model of learning and belief formation in networks in which agents follow bayes rule yet they do not recall their history of past observations and cannot reason about how other agents ' beliefs are formed . they do so by making rational inferences about their observations which include a sequence of independent and identically distributed private signals as well as the beliefs of their neighboring agents at each time . fully rational agents ←
→ ai safety gridworlds ; we present a suite of reinforcement learning environments illustrating various safety properties of intelligent agents . these problems include safe interruptibility , avoiding side effects , absent supervisor , reward gaming , safe exploration , as well as robustness to self - modification , distributional shift , and adversaries . to measure compliance with the intended safe behavior , we equip each environment with a performance function that is hidden from the agent . this allows us to categor ←
→ incorporating language level information into acoustic models ; this paper proposed a class of novel deep recurrent neural networks which can incorporate language - level information into acoustic models . for simplicity , we named these networks recurrent deep language networks ( rdlns ). multiple variants of rdlns were considered , including two kinds of context information , two methods to process the context , and two methods to incorporate the language - level information . rdlns provided possible methods to fine -←
→ automated epilepsy diagnosis using interictal scalp eeg ; approximately over 50 million people worldwide suffer from epilepsy . traditional diagnosis of epilepsy relies on tedious visual screening by highly trained clinicians from lengthy eeg recording that contains the presence of seizure ( ictal ) activities . nowadays , there are many automatic systems that can recognize seizure - related eeg signals to help the diagnosis . however , it is very costly and inconvenient to obtain long - term eeg data with seizure act ←
→ learning deep convolutional embeddings for face representation using joint sample - and set - based supervision ; in this work , we investigate several methods and strategies to learn deep embeddings for face recognition , using joint sample - and set - based optimization . we explain our framework that expands traditional learning with set - based supervision together with the strategies used to maintain set characteristics . we , then , briefly review the related set - based loss functions , and subsequently propose a n ←
→ laf - fabric : a data analysis tool for linguistic annotation framework with an application to the hebrew bible ; the linguistic annotation framework ( laf ) provides a general , extensible stand - off markup system for corpora . this paper discusses laf - fabric , a new tool to analyse laf resources in general with an extension to process the hebrew bible in particular . we first walk through the history of the hebrew bible as text database in decennium - wide steps . then we describe how laf - fabric may serve as an anal ←
→ local multi - grouped binary descriptor with ring - based pooling configuration and optimization ; local binary descriptors are attracting increasingly attention due to their great advantages in computational speed , which are able to achieve real - time performance in numerous image / vision applications . various methods have been proposed to learn data - dependent binary descriptors . however , most existing binary descriptors aim overly at computational simplicity at the expense of significant information loss whic ←
→ generalized convolutional neural networks for point cloud data ; the introduction of cheap rgb - d cameras , stereo cameras , and lidar devices has given the computer vision community 3d information that conventional rgb cameras cannot provide . this data is often stored as a point cloud . in this paper , we present a novel method to apply the concept of convolutional neural networks to this type of data . by creating a mapping of nearest neighbors in a dataset , and individually applying weights to spatial relation ←
→ structuring relevant feature sets with multiple model learning ; feature selection is one of the most prominent learning tasks , especially in high - dimensional datasets in which the goal is to understand the mechanisms that underly the learning dataset . however most of them typically deliver just a flat set of relevant features and provide no further information on what kind of structures , e . g . feature groupings , might underly the set of relevant features . in this paper we propose a new learning paradigm in ←
→ application of fuzzy mathematics to speech - to - text conversion by elimination of paralinguistic content ; for the past few decades , man has been trying to create an intelligent computer which can talk and respond like he can . the task of creating a system that can talk like a human being is the primary objective of automatic speech recognition . various speech recognition techniques have been developed in theory and have been applied in practice . this paper discusses the problems that have been encountered ←
→ deep optimization for spectrum repacking ; over 13 months in 2016 - 17 the fcc conducted an " incentive auction " to repurpose radio spectrum from broadcast television to wireless internet . in the end , the auction yielded $ 19 . 8 billion , $ 10 . 05 billion of which was paid to 175 broadcasters for voluntarily relinquishing their licenses across 14 uhf channels . stations that continued broadcasting were assigned potentially new channels to fit as densely as possible into the channels that remained . the government net ←
→ a nonparametric conjugate prior distribution for the maximizing argument of a noisy function ; we propose a novel bayesian approach to solve stochastic optimization problems that involve finding extrema of noisy , nonlinear functions . previous work has focused on representing possible functions explicitly , which leads to a two - step procedure of first , doing inference over the function space and second , finding the extrema of these functions . here we skip the representation step and directly model the distr ←
→ sub - structural niching in estimation of distribution algorithms ; we propose a sub - structural niching method that fully exploits the problem decomposition capability of linkage - learning methods such as the estimation of distribution algorithms and concentrate on maintaining diversity at the sub - structural level . the proposed method consists of three key components : ( 1 ) problem decomposition and sub - structure identification , ( 2 ) sub - structure fitness estimation , and ( 3 ) sub - structural niche preservation . the ←
→ bi - class classification of humpback whale sound units against complex background noise with deep convolution neural network ; automatically detecting sound units of humpback whales in complex time - varying background noises is a current challenge for scientists . in this paper , we explore the applicability of convolution neural network ( cnn ) method for this task . in the evaluation stage , we present 6 bi - class classification experimentations of whale sound detection against different background noise types (←
→ stochastic dual coordinate ascent with alternating direction multiplier method ; we propose a new stochastic dual coordinate ascent technique that can be applied to a wide range of regularized learning problems . our method is based on alternating direction multiplier method ( admm ) to deal with complex regularization functions such as structured regularizations . although the original admm is a batch method , the proposed method offers a stochastic update rule where each iteration requires only one or few sa ←
→ information compression by multiple alignment , unification and search as a unifying principle in computing and cognition ; this article presents an overview of the idea that " information compression by multiple alignment , unification and search " ( icmaus ) may serve as a unifying principle in computing ( including mathematics and logic ) and in such aspects of human cognition as the analysis and production of natural language , fuzzy pattern recognition and best - match information retrieval , concept hierarchies ←
→ translating pro - drop languages with reconstruction models ; pronouns are frequently omitted in pro - drop languages , such as chinese , generally leading to significant challenges with respect to the production of complete translations . to date , very little attention has been paid to the dropped pronoun ( dp ) problem within neural machine translation ( nmt ). in this work , we propose a novel reconstruction - based approach to alleviating dp translation problems for nmt models . firstly , dps within all source sentence ←
→ pac - bayesian policy evaluation for reinforcement learning ; bayesian priors offer a compact yet general means of incorporating domain knowledge into many learning tasks . the correctness of the bayesian analysis and inference , however , largely depends on accuracy and correctness of these priors . pac - bayesian methods overcome this problem by providing bounds that hold regardless of the correctness of the prior distribution . this paper introduces the first pac - bayesian bound for the batch reinforcement learnin ←
→ learning finite - state controllers for partially observable environments ; reactive ( memoryless ) policies are sufficient in completely observable markov decision processes ( mdps ), but some kind of memory is usually necessary for optimal control of a partially observable mdp . policies with finite memory can be represented as finite - state automata . in this paper , we extend baird and moore ' s vaps algorithm to the problem of learning general finite - state automata . because it performs stochastic gradient descent ,←
→ tying word vectors and word classifiers : a loss framework for language modeling ; recurrent neural networks have been very successful at predicting sequences of words in tasks such as language modeling . however , all such models are based on the conventional classification framework , where the model is trained against one - hot targets , and each word is represented both as an input and as an output in isolation . this causes inefficiencies in learning both in terms of utilizing all of the information and in t ←
→ a risk comparison of ordinary least squares vs ridge regression ; we compare the risk of ridge regression to a simple variant of ordinary least squares , in which one simply projects the data onto a finite dimensional subspace ( as specified by a principal component analysis ) and then performs an ordinary ( un - regularized ) least squares regression in this subspace . this note shows that the risk of this ordinary least squares method is within a constant factor ( namely 4 ) of the risk of ridge regression .←
→ probing the topological properties of complex networks modeling short written texts ; in recent years , graph theory has been widely employed to probe several language properties . more specifically , the so - called word adjacency model has been proven useful for tackling several practical problems , especially those relying on textual stylistic analysis . the most common approach to treat texts as networks has simply considered either large pieces of texts or entire books . this approach has certainly worked we ←
→ on prediction using variable order markov models ; this paper is concerned with algorithms for prediction of discrete sequences over a finite alphabet , using variable order markov models . the class of such algorithms is large and in principle includes any lossless compression algorithm . we focus on six prominent prediction algorithms , including context tree weighting ( ctw ), prediction by partial match ( ppm ) and probabilistic suffix trees ( psts ). we discuss the properties of these algorithms and compare thei ←
→ exact estimation of multiple directed acyclic graphs ; this paper considers the problem of estimating the structure of multiple related directed acyclic graph ( dag ) models . building on recent developments in exact estimation of dags using integer linear programming ( ilp ), we present an ilp approach for joint estimation over multiple dags , that does not require that the vertices in each dag share a common ordering . furthermore , we allow also for ( potentially unknown ) dependency structure between the dags . re ←
→ active learning for graph embedding ; graph embedding provides an efficient solution for graph analysis by converting the graph into a low - dimensional space which preserves the structure information . in contrast to the graph structure data , the i . i . d . node embedding can be processed efficiently in terms of both time and space . current semi - supervised graph embedding algorithms assume the labelled nodes are given , which may not be always true in the real world . while manually label all training data is inapp ←
→ zero - shot visual question answering ; part of the appeal of visual question answering ( vqa ) is its promise to answer new questions about previously unseen images . most current methods demand training questions that illustrate every possible concept , and will therefore never achieve this capability , since the volume of required training data would be prohibitive . answering general questions about images requires methods capable of zero - shot vqa , that is , methods able to answer questions beyond the scope of t ←
→ dcnns on a diet : sampling strategies for reducing the training set size ; large - scale supervised classification algorithms , especially those based on deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ), require vast amounts of training data to achieve state - of - the - art performance . decreasing this data requirement would significantly speed up the training process and possibly improve generalization . motivated by this objective , we consider the task of adaptively finding concise training subsets which will be iterativ ←
→ leveraging context to support automated food recognition in restaurants ; the pervasiveness of mobile cameras has resulted in a dramatic increase in food photos , which are pictures reflecting what people eat . in this paper , we study how taking pictures of what we eat in restaurants can be used for the purpose of automating food journaling . we propose to leverage the context of where the picture was taken , with additional information about the restaurant , available online , coupled with state - of - the - art compu ←
→ evaluation of the causal effect of control plans in nonrecursive structural equation models ; when observational data is available from practical studies and a directed cyclic graph for how various variables affect each other is known based on substantive understanding of the process , we consider a problem in which a control plan of a treatment variable is conducted in order to bring a response variable close to a target value with variation reduction . we formulate an optimal control plan concerning a cer ←
→ pattern - wave model of brain . mechanisms of information processing , memory organization ; the structure of the axon - dendrite connections of neurons of the brain creates a rich spatial structure in which provided various combinations of signals surrounding neurons . structure of dendritic trees and shape of dendritic spines allow repeatedly increase combinatorial component through cross synapses influence neighboring neurons . in this paper it is shown that the diffuse spreading of neurotransmitters allows ne ←
→ analysis of cancer omics data in a semantic web framework ; our work concerns the elucidation of the cancer ( epi ) genome , transcriptome and proteome to better understand the complex interplay between a cancer cell ' s molecular state and its response to anti - cancer therapy . to study the problem , we have previously focused on data warehousing technologies and statistical data integration . in this paper , we present recent work on extending our analytical capabilities using semantic web technology . a key new comp ←
→ stop wasting my gradients : practical svrg ; we present and analyze several strategies for improving the performance of stochastic variance - reduced gradient ( svrg ) methods . we first show that the convergence rate of these methods can be preserved under a decreasing sequence of errors in the control variate , and use this to derive variants of svrg that use growing - batch strategies to reduce the number of gradient calculations required in the early iterations . we further ( i ) show how to exploit support vectors ←
→ inference in probabilistic graphical models by graph neural networks ; a useful computation when acting in a complex environment is to infer the marginal probabilities or most probable states of task - relevant variables . probabilistic graphical models can efficiently represent the structure of such complex data , but performing these inferences is generally difficult . message - passing algorithms , such as belief propagation , are a natural way to disseminate evidence amongst correlated variables while exploiting ←
→ ctbnctoolkit : continuous time bayesian network classifier toolkit ; continuous time bayesian network classifiers are designed for temporal classification of multivariate streaming data when time duration of events matters and the class does not change over time . this paper introduces the ctbnctoolkit : an open source java toolkit which provides a stand - alone application for temporal classification and a library for continuous time bayesian network classifiers . ctbnctoolkit implements the inference algorithm ,←
→ a medial axis based thinning strategy for character images ; thinning of character images is a big challenge . removal of strokes or deformities in thinning is a difficult problem . in this paper , we have proposed a medial axis based thinning strategy used for performing skeletonization of printed and handwritten character images . in this method , we have used shape characteristics of text to get skeleton of nearly same as the true character shape . this approach helps to preserve the local features and true sh ←
→ near - optimal keypoint sampling for fast pathological lung segmentation ; accurate delineation of pathological lungs from computed tomography ( ct ) images remains mostly unsolved because available methods fail to provide a reliable generic solution due to high variability of abnormality appearance . local descriptor - based classification methods have shown to work well in annotating pathologies ; however , these methods are usually computationally intensive which restricts their widespread use in real - time or nea ←
→ separation of concerns in reinforcement learning ; in this paper , we propose a framework for solving a single - agent task by using multiple agents , each focusing on different aspects of the task . this approach has two main advantages : 1 ) it allows for training specialized agents on different parts of the task , and 2 ) it provides a new way to transfer knowledge , by transferring trained agents . our framework generalizes the traditional hierarchical decomposition , in which , at any moment in time , a single agent ←
→ adaptive simulation - based training of ai decision - makers using bayesian optimization ; this work studies how an ai - controlled dog - fighting agent with tunable decision - making parameters can learn to optimize performance against an intelligent adversary , as measured by a stochastic objective function evaluated on simulated combat engagements . gaussian process bayesian optimization ( gpbo ) techniques are developed to automatically learn global gaussian process ( gp ) surrogate models , which provide statistical ←
→ extending gossip algorithms to distributed estimation of u - statistics ; efficient and robust algorithms for decentralized estimation in networks are essential to many distributed systems . whereas distributed estimation of sample mean statistics has been the subject of a good deal of attention , computation of $ u $- statistics , relying on more expensive averaging over pairs of observations , is a less investigated area . yet , such data functionals are essential to describe global properties of a statistical popul ←
→ logical evaluation of consciousness : for incorporating consciousness into machine architecture ; machine consciousness is the study of consciousness in a biological , philosophical , mathematical and physical perspective and designing a model that can fit into a programmable system architecture . prime objective of the study is to make the system architecture behave consciously like a biological model does . present work has developed a feasible definition of consciousness , that characterizes consciousness wi ←
→ learning pairwise graphical models with nonlinear sufficient statistics ; we investigate a generic problem of learning pairwise exponential family graphical models with pairwise sufficient statistics defined by a global mapping function , e . g ., mercer kernels . this subclass of pairwise graphical models allow us to flexibly capture complex interactions among variables beyond pairwise product . we propose two $\ ell_1 $- norm penalized maximum likelihood estimators to learn the model parameters from i . i . d . samples ←
→ connecting phrase based statistical machine translation adaptation ; although more additional corpora are now available for statistical machine translation ( smt ), only the ones which belong to the same or similar domains with the original corpus can indeed enhance smt performance directly . most of the existing adaptation methods focus on sentence selection . in comparison , phrase is a smaller and more fine grained unit for data selection , therefore we propose a straightforward and efficient connecting phrase ←
→ max - information , differential privacy , and post - selection hypothesis testing ; in this paper , we initiate a principled study of how the generalization properties of approximate differential privacy can be used to perform adaptive hypothesis testing , while giving statistically valid $ p $- value corrections . we do this by observing that the guarantees of algorithms with bounded approximate max - information are sufficient to correct the $ p $- values of adaptively chosen hypotheses , and then by proving that algori ←
→ unsupervised patient representations from clinical notes with interpretable classification decisions ; we have two main contributions in this work : 1 . we explore the usage of a stacked denoising autoencoder , and a paragraph vector model to learn task - independent dense patient representations directly from clinical notes . we evaluate these representations by using them as features in multiple supervised setups , and compare their performance with those of sparse representations . 2 . to understand and interpr ←
→ color face recognition using high - dimension quaternion - based adaptive representation ; recently , quaternion collaborative representation - based classification ( qcrc ) and quaternion sparse representation - based classification ( qsrc ) have been proposed for color face recognition . they can obtain correlation information among different color channels . however , their performance is unstable in different conditions . for example , qsrc performs better than than qcrc on some situations but worse on other situations ←
→ cumulative step - size adaptation on linear functions : technical report ; the csa - es is an evolution strategy with cumulative step size adaptation , where the step size is adapted measuring the length of a so - called cumulative path . the cumulative path is a combination of the previous steps realized by the algorithm , where the importance of each step decreases with time . this article studies the csa - es on composites of strictly increasing with affine linear functions through the investigation of its underlying ←
→ joint extraction of entities and relations based on a novel tagging scheme ; joint extraction of entities and relations is an important task in information extraction . to tackle this problem , we firstly propose a novel tagging scheme that can convert the joint extraction task to a tagging problem . then , based on our tagging scheme , we study different end - to - end models to extract entities and their relations directly , without identifying entities and relations separately . we conduct experiments on a public ←
→ learning to identify regular expressions that describe email campaigns ; this paper addresses the problem of inferring a regular expression from a given set of strings that resembles , as closely as possible , the regular expression that a human expert would have written to identify the language . this is motivated by our goal of automating the task of postmasters of an email service who use regular expressions to describe and blacklist email spam campaigns . training data contains batches of messages and corre ←
→ scalable surface reconstruction from point clouds with extreme scale and density diversity ; in this paper we present a scalable approach for robustly computing a 3d surface mesh from multi - scale multi - view stereo point clouds that can handle extreme jumps of point density ( in our experiments three orders of magnitude ). the backbone of our approach is a combination of octree data partitioning , local delaunay tetrahedralization and graph cut optimization . graph cut optimization is used twice , once to extra ←
→ how to elicit many probabilities ; in building bayesian belief networks , the elicitation of all probabilities required can be a major obstacle . we learned the extent of this often - cited observation in the construction of the probabilistic part of a complex influence diagram in the field of cancer treatment . based upon our negative experiences with existing methods , we designed a new method for probability elicitation from domain experts . the method combines various ideas , among which are the ideas of transc ←
→ massive online crowdsourced study of subjective and objective picture quality ; most publicly available image quality databases have been created under highly controlled conditions by introducing graded simulated distortions onto high - quality photographs . however , images captured using typical real - world mobile camera devices are usually afflicted by complex mixtures of multiple distortions , which are not necessarily well - modeled by the synthetic distortions found in existing databases . the originators of ←
→ regularized risk minimization by nesterov ' s accelerated gradient methods : algorithmic extensions and empirical studies ; nesterov ' s accelerated gradient methods ( agm ) have been successfully applied in many machine learning areas . however , their empirical performance on training max - margin models has been inferior to existing specialized solvers . in this paper , we first extend agm to strongly convex and composite objective functions with bregman style prox - functions . our unifying framework covers both the ←
→ tunably rugged landscapes with known maximum and minimum ; we propose nm landscapes as a new class of tunably rugged benchmark problems . nm landscapes are well - defined on alphabets of any arity , including both discrete and real - valued alphabets , include epistasis in a natural and transparent manner , are proven to have known value and location of the global maximum and , with some additional constraints , are proven to also have a known global minimum . empirical studies are used to illustrate that , when coeffi ←
→ adaptive nonparametric clustering ; this paper presents a new approach to non - parametric cluster analysis called adaptive weights clustering ( awc ). the idea is to identify the clustering structure by checking at different points and for different scales on departure from local homogeneity . the proposed procedure describes the clustering structure in terms of weights \( w_ { ij } \) each of them measures the degree of local inhomogeneity for two neighbor local clusters using statistical tests of " no gap " betwee ←
→ zero - shot event detection by multimodal distributional semantic embedding of videos ; we propose a new zero - shot event detection method by multi - modal distributional semantic embedding of videos . our model embeds object and action concepts as well as other available modalities from videos into a distributional semantic space . to our knowledge , this is the first zero - shot event detection model that is built on top of distributional semantics and extends it in the following directions : ( a ) semantic embeddin ←
→ star - rt : visual attention for real - time video game playing ; in this paper we present star - rt - the first working prototype of selective tuning attention reference ( star ) model and cognitive programs ( cps ). the selective tuning ( st ) model received substantial support through psychological and neurophysiological experiments . the star framework expands st and applies it to practical visual tasks . in order to do so , similarly to many cognitive architectures , star combines the visual hierarchy ( based on st ) wit ←
→ optimization for l1 - norm error fitting via data aggregation ; we propose a data aggregation - based algorithm with monotonic convergence to a global optimum for a generalized version of the l1 - norm error fitting model with an assumption of the fitting function . any l1 - norm model can be solved optimally using the proposed algorithm if it follows the form of the l1 - norm error fitting problem and if the fitting function satisfies the assumption . the proposed algorithm can also solve multi - dimensional fitting pro ←
→ an experimental comparison of hybrid algorithms for bayesian network structure learning ; we present a novel hybrid algorithm for bayesian network structure learning , called hybrid hpc ( h2pc ). it first reconstructs the skeleton of a bayesian network and then performs a bayesian - scoring greedy hill - climbing search to orient the edges . it is based on a subroutine called hpc , that combines ideas from incremental and divide - and - conquer constraint - based methods to learn the parents and children of a target var ←
→ stripstream : integrating symbolic planners and blackbox samplers ; many planning applications involve complex relationships defined on high - dimensional , continuous variables . for example , robotic manipulation requires planning with kinematic , collision , and motion constraints involving robot configurations , object transforms , and robot trajectories . these constraints typically require specialized procedures to sample satisfying values . we extend the strips planning language to support a generic , declarative ←
→ face attention network : an effective face detector for the occluded faces ; the performance of face detection has been largely improved with the development of convolutional neural network . however , the occlusion issue due to mask and sunglasses , is still a challenging problem . the improvement on the recall of these occluded cases usually brings the risk of high false positives . in this paper , we present a novel face detector called face attention network ( fan ), which can significantly improve the recall ←
→ diversified top - k partial maxsat solving ; we introduce a diversified top - k partial maxsat problem , a combination of partial maxsat problem and enumeration problem . given a partial maxsat formula f and a positive integer k , the diversified top - k partial maxsat is to find k maximal solutions for f such that the k maximal solutions satisfy the maximum number of soft clauses of f . this problem can be widely used in many applications including community detection , sensor place , motif discovery , and combinatoria ←
→ exploring deep and recurrent architectures for optimal control ; sophisticated multilayer neural networks have achieved state of the art results on multiple supervised tasks . however , successful applications of such multilayer networks to control have so far been limited largely to the perception portion of the control pipeline . in this paper , we explore the application of deep and recurrent neural networks to a continuous , high - dimensional locomotion task , where the network is used to represent a control p ←
→ a noise - filtering approach for cancer drug sensitivity prediction ; accurately predicting drug responses to cancer is an important problem hindering oncologists ' efforts to find the most effective drugs to treat cancer , which is a core goal in precision medicine . the scientific community has focused on improving this prediction based on genomic , epigenomic , and proteomic datasets measured in human cancer cell lines . real - world cancer cell lines contain noise , which degrades the performance of machine learni ←
→ a dependency - based neural reordering model for statistical machine translation ; in machine translation ( mt ) that involves translating between two languages with significant differences in word order , determining the correct word order of translated words is a major challenge . the dependency parse tree of a source sentence can help to determine the correct word order of the translated words . in this paper , we present a novel reordering approach utilizing a neural network and dependency - based embeddings to ←
→ observing and recommending from a social web with biases ; the research question this report addresses is : how , and to what extent , those directly involved with the design , development and employment of a specific black box algorithm can be certain that it is not unlawfully discriminating ( directly and / or indirectly ) against particular persons with protected characteristics ( e . g . gender , race and ethnicity )?←
→ multipartite ranking - selection of low - dimensional instances by supervised projection to high - dimensional space ; pruning of redundant or irrelevant instances of data is a key to every successful solution for pattern recognition . in this paper , we present a novel ranking - selection framework for low - length but highly correlated instances . instead of working in the low - dimensional instance space , we learn a supervised projection to high - dimensional space spanned by the number of classes in the dataset under ←
→ out - of - focus : learning depth from image bokeh for robotic perception ; in this project , we propose a novel approach for estimating depth from rgb images . traditionally , most work uses a single rgb image to estimate depth , which is inherently difficult and generally results in poor performance , even with thousands of data examples . in this work , we alternatively use multiple rgb images that were captured while changing the focus of the camera ' s lens . this method leverages the natural depth information correl ←
→ evaluation of denoising techniques for eog signals based on snr estimation ; this paper evaluates four algorithms for denoising raw electrooculography ( eog ) data based on the signal to noise ratio ( snr ). the snr is computed using the eigenvalue method . the filtering algorithms are a ) finite impulse response ( fir ) bandpass filters , b ) stationary wavelet transform , c ) empirical mode decomposition ( emd ) d ) fir median hybrid filters . an eog dataset has been prepared where the subject is asked to perform lette ←
→ statistical augmentation of a chinese machine - readable dictionary ; we describe a method of using statistically - collected chinese character groups from a corpus to augment a chinese dictionary . the method is particularly useful for extracting domain - specific and regional words not readily available in machine - readable dictionaries . output was evaluated both using human evaluators and against a previously available dictionary . we also evaluated performance improvement in automatic chinese tokenization . resul ←
→ deep learning of representations : looking forward ; deep learning research aims at discovering learning algorithms that discover multiple levels of distributed representations , with higher levels representing more abstract concepts . although the study of deep learning has already led to impressive theoretical results , learning algorithms and breakthrough experiments , several challenges lie ahead . this paper proposes to examine some of these challenges , centering on the questions of scaling deep learning alg ←
→ a discourse - level named entity recognition and relation extraction dataset for chinese literature text ; named entity recognition and relation extraction for chinese literature text is regarded as the highly difficult problem , partially because of the lack of tagging sets . in this paper , we build a discourse - level dataset from hundreds of chinese literature articles for improving this task . to build a high quality dataset , we propose two tagging methods to solve the problem of data inconsistency , includin ←
→ robust agent teams via socially - attentive monitoring ; agents in dynamic multi - agent environments must monitor their peers to execute individual and group plans . a key open question is how much monitoring of other agents ' states is required to be effective : the monitoring selectivity problem . we investigate this question in the context of detecting failures in teams of cooperating agents , via socially - attentive monitoring , which focuses on monitoring for failures in the social relationships between the agen ←
→ stochastic recursive gradient algorithm for nonconvex optimization ; in this paper , we study and analyze the mini - batch version of stochastic recursive gradient algorithm ( sarah ), a method employing the stochastic recursive gradient , for solving empirical loss minimization for the case of nonconvex losses . we provide a sublinear convergence rate ( to stationary points ) for general nonconvex functions and a linear convergence rate for gradient dominated functions , both of which have some advantages compared t ←
→ a correspondence relaxation approach for 3d shape reconstruction ; this paper presents a new method for 3d shape reconstruction based on two existing methods . a 3d reconstruction from a single photograph is introduced by both papers : the first one uses a photograph and a set of existing 3d model to generate the 3d object in the photograph , while the second one uses a photograph and a selected similar model to create the 3d object in the photograph . according to their difference , we propose a relaxation base ←
→ graph autoencoder - based unsupervised feature selection with broad and local data structure preservation ; feature selection is a dimensionality reduction technique that selects a subset of representative features from high - dimensional data by eliminating irrelevant and redundant features . recently , feature selection combined with sparse learning has attracted significant attention due to its outstanding performance compared with traditional feature selection methods that ignores correlation between featur ←
→ a simple method for decision making in robocup soccer simulation 3d environment ; in this paper new hierarchical hybrid fuzzy - crisp methods for decision making and action selection of an agent in soccer simulation 3d environment are presented . first , the skills of an agent are introduced , implemented and classified in two layers , the basicskills and the highlevel skills . in the second layer , a twophase mechanism for decision making is introduced . in phase one , some useful methods are implemented which che ←
→ are generative classifiers more robust to adversarial attacks ? ; there is a rising interest in studying the robustness of deep neural network classifiers against adversaries , with both advanced attack and defence techniques being actively developed . however , most recent work focuses on discriminative classifiers which only models the conditional distribution of the labels given the inputs . in this abstract we propose deep bayes classifier that improves the classical naive bayes with conditional deep generat ←
→ deepnav : learning to navigate large cities ; we present deepnav , a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based algorithm for navigating large cities using locally visible street - view images . the deepnav agent learns to reach its destination quickly by making the correct navigation decisions at intersections . we collect a large - scale dataset of street - view images organized in a graph where nodes are connected by roads . this dataset contains 10 city graphs and more than 1 million street - view images . we propose 3 ←
→ learning concept embeddings for efficient bag - of - concepts densification ; explicit concept space models have proven efficacy for text representation in many natural language and text mining applications . the idea is to embed textual structures into a semantic space of concepts which captures the main topics of these structures . that so called bag - of - concepts representation suffers from data sparsity causing low similarity scores between similar texts due to low concept overlap . in this paper we propose two ←
→ magnifyme : aiding cross resolution face recognition via identity aware synthesis ; enhancing low resolution images via super - resolution or image synthesis for cross - resolution face recognition has been well studied . several image processing and machine learning paradigms have been explored for addressing the same . in this research , we propose synthesis via deep sparse representation algorithm for synthesizing a high resolution face image from a low resolution input image . the proposed algorithm learns mul ←
→ memory - augmented neural machine translation ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) has achieved notable success in recent times , however it is also widely recognized that this approach has limitations with handling infrequent words and word pairs . this paper presents a novel memory - augmented nmt ( m - nmt ) architecture , which stores knowledge about how words ( usually infrequently encountered ones ) should be translated in a memory and then utilizes them to assist the neural model . we use this memory mechanism to co ←
→ computational geometry column 38 ; recent results on curve reconstruction are described .←
→ temporal meaning representations in a natural language front - end ; previous work in the context of natural language querying of temporal databases has established a method to map automatically from a large subset of english time - related questions to suitable expressions of a temporal logic - like language , called top . an algorithm to translate from top to the tsql2 temporal database language has also been defined . this paper shows how top expressions could be translated into a simpler logic - like language , cal ←
→ development of knowledge base expert system for natural treatment of diabetes disease ; the development of expert system for treatment of diabetes disease by using natural methods is new information technology derived from artificial intelligent research using esta ( expert system text animation ) system . the proposed expert system contains knowledge about various methods of natural treatment methods ( massage , herbal / proper nutrition , acupuncture , gems ) for diabetes diseases of human beings . the system is d ←
→ an optimized shape descriptor based on structural properties of networks ; the structural analysis of shape boundaries leads to the characterization of objects as well as to the understanding of shape properties . the literature on graphs and networks have contributed to the structural characterization of shapes with different theoretical approaches . we performed a study on the relationship between the shape architecture and the network topology constructed over the shape boundary . for that , we used a method ←
→ in2i : unsupervised multi - image - to - image translation using generative adversarial networks ; in unsupervised image - to - image translation , the goal is to learn the mapping between an input image and an output image using a set of unpaired training images . in this paper , we propose an extension of the unsupervised image - to - image translation problem to multiple input setting . given a set of paired images from multiple modalities , a transformation is learned to translate the input into a specified domain . for ←
→ a note on topology preservation in classification , and the construction of a universal neuron grid ; it will be shown that according to theorems of k . menger , every neuron grid if identified with a curve is able to preserve the adopted qualitative structure of a data space . furthermore , if this identification is made , the neuron grid structure can always be mapped to a subset of a universal neuron grid which is constructable in three space dimensions . conclusions will be drawn for established neuron grid ←
→ dismec - distributed sparse machines for extreme multi - label classification ; extreme multi - label classification refers to supervised multi - label learning involving hundreds of thousands or even millions of labels . datasets in extreme classification exhibit fit to power - law distribution , i . e . a large fraction of labels have very few positive instances in the data distribution . most state - of - the - art approaches for extreme multi - label classification attempt to capture correlation among labels by embedding t ←
→ density weighted connectivity of grass pixels in image frames for biomass estimation ; accurate estimation of the biomass of roadside grasses plays a significant role in applications such as fire - prone region identification . current solutions heavily depend on field surveys , remote sensing measurements and image processing using reference markers , which often demand big investments of time , effort and cost . this paper proposes density weighted connectivity of grass pixels ( dwcgp ) to automatically estimate ←
→ variational inference for uncertainty on the inputs of gaussian process models ; the gaussian process latent variable model ( gp - lvm ) provides a flexible approach for non - linear dimensionality reduction that has been widely applied . however , the current approach for training gp - lvms is based on maximum likelihood , where the latent projection variables are maximized over rather than integrated out . in this paper we present a bayesian method for training gp - lvms by introducing a non - standard variational infe ←
→ freeze - thaw bayesian optimization ; in this paper we develop a dynamic form of bayesian optimization for machine learning models with the goal of rapidly finding good hyperparameter settings . our method uses the partial information gained during the training of a machine learning model in order to decide whether to pause training and start a new model , or resume the training of a previously - considered model . we specifically tailor our method to machine learning problems by developing a novel positive - defini ←
→ umdfaces : an annotated face dataset for training deep networks ; recent progress in face detection ( including keypoint detection ), and recognition is mainly being driven by ( i ) deeper convolutional neural network architectures , and ( ii ) larger datasets . however , most of the large datasets are maintained by private companies and are not publicly available . the academic computer vision community needs larger and more varied datasets to make further progress . in this paper we introduce a new face dataset , ca ←
→ electricity market forecasting via low - rank multi - kernel learning ; the smart grid vision entails advanced information technology and data analytics to enhance the efficiency , sustainability , and economics of the power grid infrastructure . aligned to this end , modern statistical learning tools are leveraged here for electricity market inference . day - ahead price forecasting is cast as a low - rank kernel learning problem . uniquely exploiting the market clearing process , congestion patterns are modeled as rank -←
→ global localization based on 3d planar surface segments ; global localization of a mobile robot using planar surface segments extracted from depth images is considered . the robot ' s environment is represented by a topological map consisting of local models , each representing a particular location modeled by a set of planar surface segments . the discussed localization approach segments a depth image acquired by a 3d camera into planar surface segments which are then matched to model surface segments . the robo ←
→ simpleds : a simple deep reinforcement learning dialogue system ; this paper presents ' simpleds ', a simple and publicly available dialogue system trained with deep reinforcement learning . in contrast to previous reinforcement learning dialogue systems , this system avoids manual feature engineering by performing action selection directly from raw text of the last system and ( noisy ) user responses . our initial results , in the restaurant domain , show that it is indeed possible to induce reasonable dialogue beha ←
→ long - term recurrent convolutional networks for visual recognition and description ; models based on deep convolutional networks have dominated recent image interpretation tasks ; we investigate whether models which are also recurrent , or " temporally deep ", are effective for tasks involving sequences , visual and otherwise . we develop a novel recurrent convolutional architecture suitable for large - scale visual learning which is end - to - end trainable , and demonstrate the value of these models on benchmark vide ←
→ detecting text in natural image with connectionist text proposal network ; we propose a novel connectionist text proposal network ( ctpn ) that accurately localizes text lines in natural image . the ctpn detects a text line in a sequence of fine - scale text proposals directly in convolutional feature maps . we develop a vertical anchor mechanism that jointly predicts location and text / non - text score of each fixed - width proposal , considerably improving localization accuracy . the sequential proposals are naturally ←
→ r & d analyst : an interactive approach to normative decision system model construction ; this paper describes the architecture of r & d analyst , a commercial intelligent decision system for evaluating corporate research and development projects and portfolios . in analyzing projects , r & d analyst interactively guides a user in constructing an influence diagram model for an individual research project . the system ' s interactive approach can be clearly explained from a blackboard system perspective . the opportunis ←
→ weakly monotone averaging functions ; monotonicity with respect to all arguments is fundamental to the definition of aggregation functions . it is also a limiting property that results in many important non - monotonic averaging functions being excluded from the theoretical framework . this work proposes a definition for weakly monotonic averaging functions , studies some properties of this class of functions and proves that several families of important non - monotonic means are actually weakly monotonic averagin ←
→ description logic knowledge and action bases ; description logic knowledge and action bases ( kab ) are a mechanism for providing both a semantically rich representation of the information on the domain of interest in terms of a description logic knowledge base and actions to change such information over time , possibly introducing new objects . we resort to a variant of dl - lite where the unique name assumption is not enforced and where equality between objects may be asserted and inferred . actions are specifie ←
→ nano - scale reservoir computing ; this work describes preliminary steps towards nano - scale reservoir computing using quantum dots . our research has focused on the development of an accumulator - based sensing system that reacts to changes in the environment , as well as the development of a software simulation . the investigated systems generate nonlinear responses to inputs that make them suitable for a physical implementation of a neural network . this development will enable miniaturisation of the neurons to t ←
→ codraw : visual dialog for collaborative drawing ; in this work , we propose a goal - driven collaborative task that contains vision , language , and action in a virtual environment as its core components . specifically , we develop a collaborative ` image drawing ' game between two agents , called codraw . our game is grounded in a virtual world that contains movable clip art objects . two players , teller and drawer , are involved . the teller sees an abstract scene containing multiple clip arts in a semantically meaning ←
→ visual question answering : datasets , algorithms , and future challenges ; visual question answering ( vqa ) is a recent problem in computer vision and natural language processing that has garnered a large amount of interest from the deep learning , computer vision , and natural language processing communities . in vqa , an algorithm needs to answer text - based questions about images . since the release of the first vqa dataset in 2014 , additional datasets have been released and many algorithms have been proposed . in ←
→ algorithmic performance - accuracy trade - off in 3d vision applications using hypermapper ; in this paper we investigate an emerging application , 3d scene understanding , likely to be significant in the mobile space in the near future . the goal of this exploration is to reduce execution time while meeting our quality of result objectives . in previous work we showed for the first time that it is possible to map this application to power constrained embedded systems , highlighting that decision choices made at t ←
→ machine learning techniques with ontology for subjective answer evaluation ; computerized evaluation of english essays is performed using machine learning techniques like latent semantic analysis ( lsa ), generalized lsa , bilingual evaluation understudy and maximum entropy . ontology , a concept map of domain knowledge , can enhance the performance of these techniques . use of ontology makes the evaluation process holistic as presence of keywords , synonyms , the right word combination and coverage of concepts ca ←
→ evolutionary multitasking for multiobjective continuous optimization : benchmark problems , performance metrics and baseline results ; in this report , we suggest nine test problems for multi - task multi - objective optimization ( mtmoo ), each of which consists of two multiobjective optimization tasks that need to be solved simultaneously . the relationship between tasks varies between different test problems , which would be helpful to have a comprehensive evaluation of the mo - mfo algorithms . it is expected that ←
→ malware detection by eating a whole exe ; in this work we introduce malware detection from raw byte sequences as a fruitful research area to the larger machine learning community . building a neural network for such a problem presents a number of interesting challenges that have not occurred in tasks such as image processing or nlp . in particular , we note that detection from raw bytes presents a sequence problem with over two million time steps and a problem where batch normalization appear to hinder the lea ←
→ deep semantic segmentation for automated driving : taxonomy , roadmap and challenges ; semantic segmentation was seen as a challenging computer vision problem few years ago . due to recent advancements in deep learning , relatively accurate solutions are now possible for its use in automated driving . in this paper , the semantic segmentation problem is explored from the perspective of automated driving . most of the current semantic segmentation algorithms are designed for generic images and do not incorporate ←
→ spatial fuzzy c means pet image segmentation of neurodegenerative disorder ; nuclear image has emerged as a promising research work in medical field . images from different modality meet its own challenge . positron emission tomography ( pet ) image may help to precisely localize disease to assist in planning the right treatment for each case and saving valuable time . in this paper , a novel approach of spatial fuzzy c means ( pet sfcm ) clustering algorithm is introduced on pet scan image datasets . the proposed ←
→ estimating the concentration of gold nanoparticles incorporated on natural rubber membranes using multi - level starlet optimal segmentation ; this study consolidates multi - level starlet segmentation ( mlss ) and multi - level starlet optimal segmentation ( mlsos ), techniques for photomicrograph segmentation that use starlet wavelet detail levels to separate areas of interest in an input image . several segmentation levels can be obtained using multi - level starlet segmentation ; after that , matthews correlation co ←
→ optimization with gradient - boosted trees and risk control ; decision trees effectively represent the sparse , high dimensional and noisy nature of chemical data from experiments . having learned a function from this data , we may want to thereafter optimize the function , e . g ., picking the best chemical process catalyst . in this way , we may repurpose legacy predictive models . this work studies a large - scale , industrially - relevant mixed - integer quadratic optimization problem involving : ( i ) gradient - boosted pre - t ←
→ learning using 1 - local membership queries ; classic machine learning algorithms learn from labelled examples . for example , to design a machine translation system , a typical training set will consist of english sentences and their translation . there is a stronger model , in which the algorithm can also query for labels of new examples it creates . e . g , in the translation task , the algorithm can create a new english sentence , and request its translation from the user during training . this combination of example ←
→ potential functions based sampling heuristic for optimal path planning ; rapidly - exploring random tree star ( rrt *) is a recently proposed extension of rapidly - exploring random tree ( rrt ) algorithm that provides a collision - free , asymptotically optimal path regardless of obstacle ' s geometry in a given environment . however , one of the limitations in the rrt * algorithm is slow convergence to optimal path solution . as a result , it consumes high memory as well as time due to a large number of iterations utilised ←
→ neural models for key phrase detection and question generation ; we propose a two - stage neural model to tackle question generation from documents . our model first estimates the probability that word sequences in a document compose " interesting " answers using a neural model trained on a question - answering corpus . we thus take a data - driven approach to interestingness . predicted key phrases then act as target answers that condition a sequence - to - sequence question generation model with a copy mechanism . empiri ←
→ clear : covariant least - square re - fitting with applications to image restoration ; in this paper , we propose a new framework to remove parts of the systematic errors affecting popular restoration algorithms , with a special focus for image processing tasks . generalizing ideas that emerged for $\ ell_1 $ regularization , we develop an approach re - fitting the results of standard methods towards the input data . total variation regularizations and non - local means are special cases of interest . we identify importan ←
→ robust learning of fixed - structure bayesian networks ; we investigate the problem of learning bayesian networks in an agnostic model where an $\ epsilon $- fraction of the samples are adversarially corrupted . our agnostic learning model is similar to -- in fact , stronger than -- huber ' s contamination model in robust statistics . in this work , we study the fully observable bernoulli case where the structure of the network is given . even in this basic setting , previous learning algorithms either run in exponentia ←
→ select - additive learning : improving generalization in multimodal sentiment analysis ; multimodal sentiment analysis is drawing an increasing amount of attention these days . it enables mining of opinions in video reviews which are now available aplenty on online platforms . however , multimodal sentiment analysis has only a few high - quality data sets annotated for training machine learning algorithms . these limited resources restrict the generalizability of models , where , for example , the unique characterist ←
→ panoptic studio : a massively multiview system for social interaction capture ; we present an approach to capture the 3d motion of a group of people engaged in a social interaction . the core challenges in capturing social interactions are : ( 1 ) occlusion is functional and frequent ; ( 2 ) subtle motion needs to be measured over a space large enough to host a social group ; ( 3 ) human appearance and configuration variation is immense ; and ( 4 ) attaching markers to the body may prime the nature of interactions . the ←
→ facial feature point detection : a comprehensive survey ; this paper presents a comprehensive survey of facial feature point detection with the assistance of abundant manually labeled images . facial feature point detection favors many applications such as face recognition , animation , tracking , hallucination , expression analysis and 3d face modeling . existing methods can be categorized into the following four groups : constrained local model ( clm )- based , active appearance model ( aam )- based , regression - based , a ←
→ efficient implementation of a recognition system using the cortex ventral stream model ; in this paper , an efficient implementation for a recognition system based on the original hmax model of the visual cortex is proposed . various optimizations targeted to increase accuracy at the so - called layers s1 , c1 , and s2 of the hmax model are proposed . at layer s1 , all unimportant information such as illumination and expression variations are eliminated from the images . each image is then convolved with 64 separa ←
→ detecting offensive language in tweets using deep learning ; this paper addresses the important problem of discerning hateful content in social media . we propose a detection scheme that is an ensemble of recurrent neural network ( rnn ) classifiers , and it incorporates various features associated with user - related information , such as the users ' tendency towards racism or sexism . these data are fed as input to the above classifiers along with the word frequency vectors derived from the textual content . our ap ←
→ communication : words and conceptual systems ; words ( phrases or symbols ) play a key role in human life . word ( phrase or symbol ) representation is the fundamental problem for knowledge representation and understanding . a word ( phrase or symbol ) usually represents a name of a category . however , it is always a challenge that how to represent a category can make it easily understood . in this paper , a new representation for a category is discussed , which can be considered a generalization of classic set . in orde ←
→ hardware for machine learning : challenges and opportunities ; machine learning plays a critical role in extracting meaningful information out of the zetabytes of sensor data collected every day . for some applications , the goal is to analyze and understand the data to identify trends ( e . g ., surveillance , portable / wearable electronics ); in other applications , the goal is to take immediate action based the data ( e . g ., robotics / drones , self - driving cars , smart internet of things ). for many of these applications ←
→ is there a physically universal cellular automaton or hamiltonian ? ; it is known that both quantum and classical cellular automata ( ca ) exist that are computationally universal in the sense that they can simulate , after appropriate initialization , any quantum or classical computation , respectively . here we introduce a different notion of universality : a ca is called physically universal if every transformation on any finite region can be ( approximately ) implemented by the autonomous time evolution of the sy ←
→ exact learning of lightweight description logic ontologies ; we study the problem of learning description logic ( dl ) ontologies in angluin et al .' s framework of exact learning via queries . we admit membership queries (" is a given subsumption entailed by the target ontology ?") and equivalence queries (" is a given ontology equivalent to the target ontology ?"). we present three main results : ( 1 ) ontologies formulated in ( two relevant versions of ) the description logic dl - lite can be learned with polynomially m ←
→ path - specific counterfactual fairness ; we consider the problem of learning fair decision systems in complex scenarios in which a sensitive attribute might affect the decision along both fair and unfair pathways . we introduce a causal approach to disregard effects along unfair pathways that simplifies and generalizes previous literature . our method corrects observations adversely affected by the sensitive attribute , and uses these to form a decision . this avoids disregarding fair information , and does not r ←
→ the effects of relative importance of user constraints in cloud of things resource discovery : a case study ; over the last few years , the number of smart objects connected to the internet has grown exponentially in comparison to the number of services and applications . the integration between cloud computing and internet of things , named as cloud of things , plays a key role in managing the connected things , their data and services . one of the main challenges in cloud of things is the resource discovery of ←
→ transduction on directed graphs via absorbing random walks ; in this paper we consider the problem of graph - based transductive classification , and we are particularly interested in the directed graph scenario which is a natural form for many real world applications . different from existing research efforts that either only deal with undirected graphs or circumvent directionality by means of symmetrization , we propose a novel random walk approach on directed graphs using absorbing markov chains , which can be ←
→ skeleton - based human action recognition with global context - aware attention lstm networks ; human action recognition in 3d skeleton sequences has attracted a lot of research attention . recently , long short - term memory ( lstm ) networks have shown promising performance in this task due to their strengths in modeling the dependencies and dynamics in sequential data . as not all skeletal joints are informative for action recognition , and the irrelevant joints often bring noise which can degrade the performance ,←
→ single image action recognition by predicting space - time saliency ; we propose a novel approach based on deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) to recognize human actions in still images by predicting the future motion , and detecting the shape and location of the salient parts of the image . we make the following major contributions to this important area of research : ( i ) we use the predicted future motion in the static image ( walker et al ., 2015 ) as a means of compensating for the missing temporal informa ←
→ universal style transfer via feature transforms ; universal style transfer aims to transfer arbitrary visual styles to content images . existing feed - forward based methods , while enjoying the inference efficiency , are mainly limited by inability of generalizing to unseen styles or compromised visual quality . in this paper , we present a simple yet effective method that tackles these limitations without training on any pre - defined styles . the key ingredient of our method is a pair of feature transforms , whiten ←
→ efficient transductive online learning via randomized rounding ; most traditional online learning algorithms are based on variants of mirror descent or follow - the - leader . in this paper , we present an online algorithm based on a completely different approach , tailored for transductive settings , which combines " random playout " and randomized rounding of loss subgradients . as an application of our approach , we present the first computationally efficient online algorithm for collaborative filtering with trace - n ←
→ scut - fbp : a benchmark dataset for facial beauty perception ; in this paper , a novel face dataset with attractiveness ratings , namely , the scut - fbp dataset , is developed for automatic facial beauty perception . this dataset provides a benchmark to evaluate the performance of different methods for facial attractiveness prediction , including the state - of - the - art deep learning method . the scut - fbp dataset contains face portraits of 500 asian female subjects with attractiveness ratings , all of which have been ver ←
→ top - n recommendation on graphs ; recommender systems play an increasingly important role in online applications to help users find what they need or prefer . collaborative filtering algorithms that generate predictions by analyzing the user - item rating matrix perform poorly when the matrix is sparse . to alleviate this problem , this paper proposes a simple recommendation algorithm that fully exploits the similarity information among users and items and intrinsic structural information of the user - item matrix .←
→ understanding image virality ; virality of online content on social networking websites is an important but esoteric phenomenon often studied in fields like marketing , psychology and data mining . in this paper we study viral images from a computer vision perspective . we introduce three new image datasets from reddit , and define a virality score using reddit metadata . we train classifiers with state - of - the - art image features to predict virality of individual images , relative virality in pairs of images , and ←
→ on hyperspectral classification in the compressed domain ; in this paper , we study the problem of hyperspectral pixel classification based on the recently proposed architectures for compressive whisk - broom hyperspectral imagers without the need to reconstruct the complete data cube . a clear advantage of classification in the compressed domain is its suitability for real - time on - site processing of the sensed data . moreover , it is assumed that the training process also takes place in the compressed domain , th ←
→ unsupervised learning of visual representations using videos ; is strong supervision necessary for learning a good visual representation ? do we really need millions of semantically - labeled images to train a convolutional neural network ( cnn )? in this paper , we present a simple yet surprisingly powerful approach for unsupervised learning of cnn . specifically , we use hundreds of thousands of unlabeled videos from the web to learn visual representations . our key idea is that visual tracking provides the superv ←
→ joint interpretation of on - board vision and static gps cartography for determination of correct speed limit ; we present here a first prototype of a " speed limit support " advance driving assistance system ( adas ) producing permanent reliable information on the current speed limit applicable to the vehicle . such a module can be used either for information of the driver , or could even serve for automatic setting of the maximum speed of a smart adaptive cruise control ( acc ). our system is based on a joint int ←
→ deep abstract q - networks ; we examine the problem of learning and planning on high - dimensional domains with long horizons and sparse rewards . recent approaches have shown great successes in many atari 2600 domains . however , domains with long horizons and sparse rewards , such as montezuma ' s revenge and venture , remain challenging for existing methods . methods using abstraction ( dietterich 2000 ; sutton , precup , and singh 1999 ) have shown to be useful in tackling long - horizon problems . we combine recent techni ←
→ demography - based facial retouching detection using subclass supervised sparse autoencoder ; digital retouching of face images is becoming more widespread due to the introduction of software packages that automate the task . several researchers have introduced algorithms to detect whether a face image is original or retouched . however , previous work on this topic has not considered whether or how accuracy of retouching detection varies with the demography of face images . in this paper , we introduce a new mu ←
→ biseg : simultaneous instance segmentation and semantic segmentation with fully convolutional networks ; we present a simple and effective framework for simultaneous semantic segmentation and instance segmentation with fully convolutional networks ( fcns ). the method , called biseg , predicts instance segmentation as a posterior in bayesian inference , where semantic segmentation is used as a prior . we extend the idea of position - sensitive score maps used in recent methods to a fusion of multiple score maps at ←
→ pvanet : lightweight deep neural networks for real - time object detection ; in object detection , reducing computational cost is as important as improving accuracy for most practical usages . this paper proposes a novel network structure , which is an order of magnitude lighter than other state - of - the - art networks while maintaining the accuracy . based on the basic principle of more layers with less channels , this new deep neural network minimizes its redundancy by adopting recent innovations including c . relu and ←
→ learning visual groups from co - occurrences in space and time ; we propose a self - supervised framework that learns to group visual entities based on their rate of co - occurrence in space and time . to model statistical dependencies between the entities , we set up a simple binary classification problem in which the goal is to predict if two visual primitives occur in the same spatial or temporal context . we apply this framework to three domains : learning patch affinities from spatial adjacency in images , learni ←
→ an fft - based synchronization approach to recognize human behaviors using stn - lfp signal ; classification of human behavior is key to developing closed - loop deep brain stimulation ( dbs ) systems , which may be able to decrease the power consumption and side effects of the existing systems . recent studies have shown that the local field potential ( lfp ) signals from both subthalamic nuclei ( stn ) of the brain can be used to recognize human behavior . since the dbs leads implanted in each stn can collect three bi ←
→ universal and determined constructors of multisets of objects ; this paper contains analysis of creation of sets and multisets as an approach for modeling of some aspects of human thinking . the creation of sets is considered within constructive object - oriented version of set theory ( coost ), from different sides , in particular classical set theory , object - oriented programming ( oop ) and development of intelligent information systems ( iis ). the main feature of coost in contrast to other versions of set theory ←
→ a behavioral distance for fuzzy - transition systems ; in contrast to the existing approaches to bisimulation for fuzzy systems , we introduce a behavioral distance to measure the behavioral similarity of states in a nondeterministic fuzzy - transition system . this behavioral distance is defined as the greatest fixed point of a suitable monotonic function and provides a quantitative analogue of bisimilarity . the behavioral distance has the important property that two states are at zero distance if and only if th ←
→ message classification in the call center ; customer care in technical domains is increasingly based on e - mail communication , allowing for the reproduction of approved solutions . identifying the customer ' s problem is often time - consuming , as the problem space changes if new products are launched . this paper describes a new approach to the classification of e - mail requests based on shallow text processing and machine learning techniques . it is implemented within an assistance system for call center agents th ←
→ a state space approach for piecewise - linear recurrent neural networks for reconstructing nonlinear dynamics from neural measurements ; the computational properties of neural systems are often thought to be implemented in terms of their network dynamics . hence , recovering the system dynamics from experimentally observed neuronal time series , like multiple single - unit ( msu ) recordings or neuroimaging data , is an important step toward understanding its computations . ideally , one would not only seek a state s ←
→ second order scattering descriptors predict fmri activity due to visual textures ; second layer scattering descriptors are known to provide good classification performance on natural quasi - stationary processes such as visual textures due to their sensitivity to higher order moments and continuity with respect to small deformations . in a functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) experiment we present visual textures to subjects and evaluate the predictive power of these descriptors with respect to the p ←
→ graphical reasoning in compact closed categories for quantum computation ; compact closed categories provide a foundational formalism for a variety of important domains , including quantum computation . these categories have a natural visualisation as a form of graphs . we present a formalism for equational reasoning about such graphs and develop this into a generic proof system with a fixed logical kernel for equational reasoning about compact closed categories . automating this reasoning process is motivated ←
→ evaluation de techniques de traitement des refusés pour l ' octroi de crédit ; we present the problem of " reject inference " for credit acceptance . because of the current legal framework ( basel ii ), credit institutions need to industrialize their processes for credit acceptance , including reject inference . we present here a methodology to compare various techniques of reject inference and show that it is necessary , in the absence of real theoretical results , to be able to produce and compare models adapted t ←
→ costing generated runtime execution plans for large - scale machine learning programs ; declarative large - scale machine learning ( ml ) aims at the specification of ml algorithms in a high - level language and automatic generation of hybrid runtime execution plans ranging from single node , in - memory computations to distributed computations on mapreduce ( mr ) or similar frameworks like spark . the compilation of large - scale ml programs exhibits many opportunities for automatic optimization . advanced cost - based opt ←
→ clustering under perturbation resilience ; motivated by the fact that distances between data points in many real - world clustering instances are often based on heuristic measures , bilu and linial ~\ cite { bl } proposed analyzing objective based clustering problems under the assumption that the optimum clustering to the objective is preserved under small multiplicative perturbations to distances between points . the hope is that by exploiting the structure in such instances , one can overcome worst case hardness re ←
→ genetic - algorithm seeding of idiotypic networks for mobile - robot navigation ; robot - control designers have begun to exploit the properties of the human immune system in order to produce dynamic systems that can adapt to complex , varying , real - world tasks . jernes idiotypic - network theory has proved the most popular artificial - immune - system ( ais ) method for incorporation into behaviour - based robotics , since idiotypic selection produces highly adaptive responses . however , previous efforts have mostly focused ←
→ pseudo - likelihood methods for community detection in large sparse networks ; many algorithms have been proposed for fitting network models with communities , but most of them do not scale well to large networks , and often fail on sparse networks . here we propose a new fast pseudo - likelihood method for fitting the stochastic block model for networks , as well as a variant that allows for an arbitrary degree distribution by conditioning on degrees . we show that the algorithms perform well under a range of set ←
→ specific - to - general learning for temporal events with application to learning event definitions from video ; we develop , analyze , and evaluate a novel , supervised , specific - to - general learner for a simple temporal logic and use the resulting algorithm to learn visual event definitions from video sequences . first , we introduce a simple , propositional , temporal , event - description language called ama that is sufficiently expressive to represent many events yet sufficiently restrictive to support learning . we ←
→ linear regression without correspondence ; this article considers algorithmic and statistical aspects of linear regression when the correspondence between the covariates and the responses is unknown . first , a fully polynomial - time approximation scheme is given for the natural least squares optimization problem in any constant dimension . next , in an average - case and noise - free setting where the responses exactly correspond to a linear function of i . i . d . draws from a standard multivariate normal distribution ,←
→ veni vidi vici , a three - phase scenario for parameter space analysis in image analysis and visualization ; automatic analysis of the enormous sets of images is a critical task in life sciences . this faces many challenges such as : algorithms are highly parameterized , significant human input is intertwined , and lacking a standard meta - visualization approach . this paper proposes an alternative iterative approach for optimizing input parameters , saving time by minimizing the user involvement , and allowing for ←
→ automata networks model for alignment and least effort on vocabulary formation ; can artificial communities of agents develop language with scaling relations close to the zipf law ? as a preliminary answer to this question , we propose an automata networks model of the formation of a vocabulary on a population of individuals , under two in principle opposite strategies : the alignment and the least effort principle . within the previous account to the emergence of linguistic conventions ( specially , the naming ←
→ ordered preference elicitation strategies for supporting multi - objective decision making ; in multi - objective decision planning and learning , much attention is paid to producing optimal solution sets that contain an optimal policy for every possible user preference profile . we argue that the step that follows , i . e , determining which policy to execute by maximising the user ' s intrinsic utility function over this ( possibly infinite ) set , is under - studied . this paper aims to fill this gap . we build on previo ←
→ recent progress of face image synthesis ; face synthesis has been a fascinating yet challenging problem in computer vision and machine learning . its main research effort is to design algorithms to generate photo - realistic face images via given semantic domain . it has been a crucial prepossessing step of main - stream face recognition approaches and an excellent test of ai ability to use complicated probability distributions . in this paper , we provide a comprehensive review of typical face synthesis works that ←
→ unveiling the political agenda of the european parliament plenary : a topical analysis ; this study analyzes political interactions in the european parliament ( ep ) by considering how the political agenda of the plenary sessions has evolved over time and the manner in which members of the european parliament ( meps ) have reacted to external and internal stimuli when making parliamentary speeches . it does so by considering the context in which speeches are made , and the content of those speeches . to detect la ←
→ deepsleepnet : a model for automatic sleep stage scoring based on raw single - channel eeg ; the present study proposes a deep learning model , named deepsleepnet , for automatic sleep stage scoring based on raw single - channel eeg . most of the existing methods rely on hand - engineered features which require prior knowledge of sleep analysis . only a few of them encode the temporal information such as transition rules , which is important for identifying the next sleep stages , into the extracted features . in the p ←
→$ α $- discounting multi - criteria decision making ($ α $- d mcdm ) ; in this book we introduce a new procedure called \ alpha - discounting method for multi - criteria decision making (\ alpha - d mcdm ), which is as an alternative and extension of saaty analytical hierarchy process ( ahp ). it works for any number of preferences that can be transformed into a system of homogeneous linear equations . a degree of consistency ( and implicitly a degree of inconsistency ) of a decision - making problem are defined . \ alpha - d mcdm is a ←
→ a mathematical motivation for complex - valued convolutional networks ; a complex - valued convolutional network ( convnet ) implements the repeated application of the following composition of three operations , recursively applying the composition to an input vector of nonnegative real numbers : ( 1 ) convolution with complex - valued vectors followed by ( 2 ) taking the absolute value of every entry of the resulting vectors followed by ( 3 ) local averaging . for processing real - valued random vectors , complex - valued convn ←
→ multilingual speech recognition with a single end - to - end model ; training a conventional automatic speech recognition ( asr ) system to support multiple languages is challenging because the sub - word unit , lexicon and word inventories are typically language specific . in contrast , sequence - to - sequence models are well suited for multilingual asr because they encapsulate an acoustic , pronunciation and language model jointly in a single network . in this work we present a single sequence - to - sequence asr model train ←
→ fast iteratively reweighted least squares algorithms for analysis - based sparsity reconstruction ; in this paper , we propose a novel algorithm for analysis - based sparsity reconstruction . it can solve the generalized problem by structured sparsity regularization with an orthogonal basis and total variation regularization . the proposed algorithm is based on the iterative reweighted least squares ( irls ) model , which is further accelerated by the preconditioned conjugate gradient method . the convergence rate o ←
→ partially occluded leaf recognition via subgraph matching and energy optimization ; we present an approach to match partially occluded plant leaves with databases of full plant leaves . although contour based 2d shape matching has been studied extensively in the last couple of decades , matching occluded leaves with full leaf databases is an open and little worked on problem . classifying occluded plant leaves is even more challenging than full leaf matching because of large variations and complexity of leaf ←
→ efficiency versus convergence of boolean kernels for on - line learning algorithms ; the paper studies machine learning problems where each example is described using a set of boolean features and where hypotheses are represented by linear threshold elements . one method of increasing the expressiveness of learned hypotheses in this context is to expand the feature set to include conjunctions of basic features . this can be done explicitly or where possible by using a kernel function . focusing on the well kno ←
→ cost sensitive reachability heuristics for handling state uncertainty ; while pomdps provide a general platform for non - deterministic conditional planning under a variety of quality metrics they have limited scalability . on the other hand , non - deterministic conditional planners scale very well , but many lack the ability to optimize plan quality metrics . we present a novel generalization of planning graph based heuristics that helps conditional planners both scale and generate high quality plans when using a ←
→ a logic for reasoning about evidence ; we introduce a logic for reasoning about evidence , that essentially views evidence as a function from prior beliefs ( before making an observation ) to posterior beliefs ( after making the observation ). we provide a sound and complete axiomatization for the logic , and consider the complexity of the decision problem . although the reasoning in the logic is mainly propositional , we allow variables representing numbers and quantification over them . this expressive power seems ←
→ robust and real time detection of curvy lanes ( curves ) with desired slopes for driving assistance and autonomous vehicles ; one of the biggest reasons for road accidents is curvy lanes and blind turns . even one of the biggest hurdles for new autonomous vehicles is to detect curvy lanes , multiple lanes and lanes with a lot of discontinuity and noise . this paper presents very efficient and advanced algorithm for detecting curves having desired slopes ( especially for detecting curvy lanes in real time ) and d ←
→ surfcut : surfaces of minimal paths from topological structures ; we present surfcut , an algorithm for extracting a smooth , simple surface with an unknown 3d curve boundary from a noisy 3d image and a seed point . our method is built on the novel observation that certain ridge curves of a function defined on a front propagated using the fast marching algorithm lie on the surface . our method extracts and cuts these ridges to form the surface boundary . our surface extraction algorithm is built on the novel obse ←
→ intelligent parameter tuning in optimization - based iterative ct reconstruction via deep reinforcement learning ; a number of image - processing problems can be formulated as optimization problems . the objective function typically contains several terms specifically designed for different purposes . parameters in front of these terms are used to control the relative weights among them . it is of critical importance to tune these parameters , as quality of the solution depends on their values . tuning parameter i ←
→ the graphical identification for total effects by using surrogate variables ; consider the case where cause - effect relationships between variables can be described as a directed acyclic graph and the corresponding linear structural equation model . this paper provides graphical identifiability criteria for total effects by using surrogate variables in the case where it is difficult to observe a treatment / response variable . the results enable us to judge from graph structure whether a total effect can be id ←
→ obstacle evasion using fuzzy logic in a sliding blades problem environment ; this paper discusses obstacle avoidance using fuzzy logic and shortest path algorithm . this paper also introduces the sliding blades problem and illustrates how a drone can navigate itself through the swinging blade obstacles while tracing a semi - optimal path and also maintaining constant velocity ←
→ characteristic of partition - circuit matroid through approximation number ; rough set theory is a useful tool to deal with uncertain , granular and incomplete knowledge in information systems . and it is based on equivalence relations or partitions . matroid theory is a structure that generalizes linear independence in vector spaces , and has a variety of applications in many fields . in this paper , we propose a new type of matroids , namely , partition - circuit matroids , which are induced by partitions . firstly , a ←
→ scikit - learn : machine learning in python ; scikit - learn is a python module integrating a wide range of state - of - the - art machine learning algorithms for medium - scale supervised and unsupervised problems . this package focuses on bringing machine learning to non - specialists using a general - purpose high - level language . emphasis is put on ease of use , performance , documentation , and api consistency . it has minimal dependencies and is distributed under the simplified bsd license , encouraging its use in both acade ←
→ image reconstruction by domain transform manifold learning ; image reconstruction plays a critical role in the implementation of all contemporary imaging modalities across the physical and life sciences including optical , mri , ct , pet , and radio astronomy . during an image acquisition , the sensor encodes an intermediate representation of an object in the sensor domain , which is subsequently reconstructed into an image by an inversion of the encoding function . image reconstruction is challenging because analy ←
→ breaking instance - independent symmetries in exact graph coloring ; code optimization and high level synthesis can be posed as constraint satisfaction and optimization problems , such as graph coloring used in register allocation . graph coloring is also used to model more traditional csps relevant to ai , such as planning , time - tabling and scheduling . provably optimal solutions may be desirable for commercial and defense applications . additionally , for applications such as register allocation and code optimiza ←
→ poisson random fields for dynamic feature models ; we present the wright - fisher indian buffet process ( wf - ibp ), a probabilistic model for time - dependent data assumed to have been generated by an unknown number of latent features . this model is suitable as a prior in bayesian nonparametric feature allocation models in which the features underlying the observed data exhibit a dependency structure over time . more specifically , we establish a new framework for generating dependent indian buffet processes , where ←
→ towards deep learning with spiking neurons in energy based models with contrastive hebbian plasticity ; in machine learning , error back - propagation in multi - layer neural networks ( deep learning ) has been impressively successful in supervised and reinforcement learning tasks . as a model for learning in the brain , however , deep learning has long been regarded as implausible , since it relies in its basic form on a non - local plasticity rule . to overcome this problem , energy - based models with local contrastive ←
→ approximating the backbone in the weighted maximum satisfiability problem ; the weighted maximum satisfiability problem ( weighted max - sat ) is a np - hard problem with numerous applications arising in artificial intelligence . as an efficient tool for heuristic design , the backbone has been applied to heuristics design for many np - hard problems . in this paper , we investigated the computational complexity for retrieving the backbone in weighted max - sat and developed a new algorithm for solving this problem . we ←
→ critical points of neural networks : analytical forms and landscape properties ; due to the success of deep learning to solving a variety of challenging machine learning tasks , there is a rising interest in understanding loss functions for training neural networks from a theoretical aspect . particularly , the properties of critical points and the landscape around them are of importance to determine the convergence performance of optimization algorithms . in this paper , we provide full ( necessary and sufficie ←
→ missing values : processing with the kohonen algorithm ; the processing of data which contain missing values is a complicated and always awkward problem , when the data come from real - world contexts . in applications , we are very often in front of observations for which all the values are not available , and this can occur for many reasons : typing errors , fields left unanswered in surveys , etc . most of the statistical software ( as sas for example ) simply suppresses incomplete observations . it has no practical ←
→ how algorithmic confounding in recommendation systems increases homogeneity and decreases utility ; recommendation systems occupy an expanding role in everyday decision making , from choice of movies and household goods to consequential medical and legal decisions . the data used to train and test these systems is algorithmically confounded in that it is the result of a feedback loop between human choices and an existing algorithmic recommendation system . using simulations , we demonstrate that algorithmic c ←
→ new optimization approach using clustering - based parallel genetic algorithm ; in many global optimization problems , it is required to evaluate a global point ( min or max ) in large space that calculation effort is very high . in this paper is presented new approach for optimization problem with subdivision labeling method ( slm ) but in this method for higher dimensional has high calculation effort . clustering - based parallel genetic algorithm ( cbpga ) in optimization problems is one of the solutions of this pr ←
→ on the tractability of minimal model computation for some cnf theories ; designing algorithms capable of efficiently constructing minimal models of cnfs is an important task in ai . this paper provides new results along this research line and presents new algorithms for performing minimal model finding and checking over positive propositional cnfs and model minimization over propositional cnfs . an algorithmic schema , called the generalized elimination algorithm ( gea ) is presented , that computes a minimal mod ←
→ two - stage convolutional neural network for breast cancer histology image classification ; this paper explores the problem of breast tissue classification of microscopy images . based on the predominant cancer type the goal is to classify images into four categories of normal , benign , in situ carcinoma , and invasive carcinoma . given a suitable training dataset , we utilize deep learning techniques to address the classification problem . due to the large size of each image in the training dataset , we propose a ←
→ a dependency - based neural network for relation classification ; previous research on relation classification has verified the effectiveness of using dependency shortest paths or subtrees . in this paper , we further explore how to make full use of the combination of these dependency information . we first propose a new structure , termed augmented dependency path ( adp ), which is composed of the shortest dependency path between two entities and the subtrees attached to the shortest path . to exploit the semantic ←
→ analogical inference for multi - relational embeddings ; large - scale multi - relational embedding refers to the task of learning the latent representations for entities and relations in large knowledge graphs . an effective and scalable solution for this problem is crucial for the true success of knowledge - based inference in a broad range of applications . this paper proposes a novel framework for optimizing the latent representations with respect to the \ textit { analogical } properties of the embedded entities and ←
→ learning when training data are costly : the effect of class distribution on tree induction ; for large , real - world inductive learning problems , the number of training examples often must be limited due to the costs associated with procuring , preparing , and storing the training examples and / or the computational costs associated with learning from them . in such circumstances , one question of practical importance is : if only n training examples can be selected , in what proportion should the classes be repres ←
→ parallel belief revision ; this paper describes a formal system of belief revision developed by wolfgang spohn and shows that this system has a parallel implementation that can be derived from an influence diagram in a manner similar to that in which bayesian networks are derived . the proof rests upon completeness results for an axiomatization of the notion of conditional independence , with the spohn system being used as a semantics for the relation of conditional independence .←
→ hierarchical detail enhancing mesh - based shape generation with 3d generative adversarial network ; automatic mesh - based shape generation is of great interest across a wide range of disciplines , from industrial design to gaming , computer graphics and various other forms of digital art . while most traditional methods focus on primitive based model generation , advances in deep learning made it possible to learn 3 - dimensional geometric shape representations in an end - to - end manner . however , most current deep ←
→ euclidean auto calibration of camera networks : baseline constraint removes scale ambiguity ; metric auto calibration of a camera network from multiple views has been reported by several authors . resulting 3d reconstruction recovers shape faithfully , but not scale . however , preservation of scale becomes critical in applications , such as multi - party telepresence , where multiple 3d scenes need to be fused into a single coordinate system . in this context , we propose a camera network configuration that include ←
→ depann - an annotation tool for dependency treebanks ; depann is an interactive annotation tool for dependency treebanks , providing both graphical and text - based annotation interfaces . the tool is aimed for semi - automatic creation of treebanks . it aids the manual inspection and correction of automatically created parses , making the annotation process faster and less error - prone . a novel feature of the tool is that it enables the user to view outputs from several parsers as the basis for creating the final t ←
→ learning representations from eeg with deep recurrent - convolutional neural networks ; one of the challenges in modeling cognitive events from electroencephalogram ( eeg ) data is finding representations that are invariant to inter - and intra - subject differences , as well as to inherent noise associated with such data . herein , we propose a novel approach for learning such representations from multi - channel eeg time - series , and demonstrate its advantages in the context of mental load classification task . first ←
→ can boosting with svm as week learners help ? ; object recognition in images involves identifying objects with partial occlusions , viewpoint changes , varying illumination , cluttered backgrounds . recent work in object recognition uses machine learning techniques svm - knn , local ensemble kernel learning , multiple kernel learning . in this paper , we want to utilize svm as week learners in adaboost . experiments are done with classifiers like near - est neighbor , k - nearest neighbor , support vector machines , local le ←
→ rapid feature learning with stacked linear denoisers ; we investigate unsupervised pre - training of deep architectures as feature generators for " shallow " classifiers . stacked denoising autoencoders ( sda ), when used as feature pre - processing tools for svm classification , can lead to significant improvements in accuracy - however , at the price of a substantial increase in computational cost . in this paper we create a simple algorithm which mimics the layer by layer training of sdas . however , in contrast to sd ←
→ distraction - based neural networks for document summarization ; distributed representation learned with neural networks has recently shown to be effective in modeling natural languages at fine granularities such as words , phrases , and even sentences . whether and how such an approach can be extended to help model larger spans of text , e . g ., documents , is intriguing , and further investigation would still be desirable . this paper aims to enhance neural network models for such a purpose . a typical problem of doc ←
→ feature learning in deep neural networks - studies on speech recognition tasks ; recent studies have shown that deep neural networks ( dnns ) perform significantly better than shallow networks and gaussian mixture models ( gmms ) on large vocabulary speech recognition tasks . in this paper , we argue that the improved accuracy achieved by the dnns is the result of their ability to extract discriminative internal representations that are robust to the many sources of variability in speech signals . we show that t ←
→ online product quantization ; approximate nearest neighbor ( ann ) search has achieved great success in many tasks . however , existing popular methods for ann search , such as hashing and quantization methods , are designed for static databases only . they cannot handle well the database with data distribution evolving dynamically , due to the high computational effort for retraining the model based on the new database . in this paper , we address the problem by developing an online product quantization ( online pq ) ←
→ statistical machine translation by generalized parsing ; designers of statistical machine translation ( smt ) systems have begun to employ tree - structured translation models . systems involving tree - structured translation models tend to be complex . this article aims to reduce the conceptual complexity of such systems , in order to make them easier to design , implement , debug , use , study , understand , explain , modify , and improve . in service of this goal , the article extends the theory of semiring parsing to arri ←
→ a nonlinear kernel support matrix machine for matrix learning ; in many problems of supervised tensor learning ( stl ), real world data such as face images or mri scans are naturally represented as matrices , which are also called as second order tensors . most existing classifiers based on tensor representation , such as support tensor machine ( stm ) need to solve iteratively which occupy much time and may suffer from local minima . in this paper , we present a kernel support matrix machine ( ksmm ) to perform super ←
→ how to escape saddle points efficiently ; this paper shows that a perturbed form of gradient descent converges to a second - order stationary point in a number iterations which depends only poly - logarithmically on dimension ( i . e ., it is almost " dimension - free "). the convergence rate of this procedure matches the well - known convergence rate of gradient descent to first - order stationary points , up to log factors . when all saddle points are non - degenerate , all second - order stationary points are local minima , and ←
→ towards understanding egyptian arabic dialogues ; labelling of user ' s utterances to understanding his attends which called dialogue act ( da ) classification , it is considered the key player for dialogue language understanding layer in automatic dialogue systems . in this paper , we proposed a novel approach to user ' s utterances labeling for egyptian spontaneous dialogues and instant messages using machine learning ( ml ) approach without relying on any special lexicons , cues , or rules . due to the lack of egyptia ←
→ an inner - loop free solution to inverse problems using deep neural networks ; we propose a new method that uses deep learning techniques to accelerate the popular alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ) solution for inverse problems . the admm updates consist of a proximity operator , a least squares regression that includes a big matrix inversion , and an explicit solution for updating the dual variables . typically , inner loops are required to solve the first two sub - minimization problems due to t ←
→ possibilistic networks : parameters learning from imprecise data and evaluation strategy ; there has been an ever - increasing interest in multidisciplinary research on representing and reasoning with imperfect data . possibilistic networks present one of the powerful frameworks of interest for representing uncertain and imprecise information . this paper covers the problem of their parameters learning from imprecise datasets , i . e ., containing multi - valued data . we propose in the rst part of this paper a possi ←
→ a pseudo - boolean solution to the maximum quartet consistency problem ; determining the evolutionary history of a given biological data is an important task in biological sciences . given a set of quartet topologies over a set of taxa , the maximum quartet consistency ( mqc ) problem consists of computing a global phylogeny that satisfies the maximum number of quartets . a number of solutions have been proposed for the mqc problem , including dynamic programming , constraint programming , and more recently answer se ←
→ octnet : learning deep 3d representations at high resolutions ; we present octnet , a representation for deep learning with sparse 3d data . in contrast to existing models , our representation enables 3d convolutional networks which are both deep and high resolution . towards this goal , we exploit the sparsity in the input data to hierarchically partition the space using a set of unbalanced octrees where each leaf node stores a pooled feature representation . this allows to focus memory allocation and computation ←
→ adversarially learned one - class classifier for novelty detection ; novelty detection is the process of identifying the observation ( s ) that differ in some respect from the training observations ( the target class ). in reality , the novelty class is often absent during training , poorly sampled or not well defined . therefore , one - class classifiers can efficiently model such problems . however , due to the unavailability of data from the novelty class , training an end - to - end deep network is a cumbersome task . in th ←
→ tricks from deep learning ; the deep learning community has devised a diverse set of methods to make gradient optimization , using large datasets , of large and highly complex models with deeply cascaded nonlinearities , practical . taken as a whole , these methods constitute a breakthrough , allowing computational structures which are quite wide , very deep , and with an enormous number and variety of free parameters to be effectively optimized . the result now dominates much of practical machine learning , with app ←
→ quantized minimum error entropy criterion ; comparing with traditional learning criteria , such as mean square error ( mse ), the minimum error entropy ( mee ) criterion is superior in nonlinear and non - gaussian signal processing and machine learning . the argument of the logarithm in renyis entropy estimator , called information potential ( ip ), is a popular mee cost in information theoretic learning ( itl ). the computational complexity of ip is however quadratic in terms of sample number due to double summation . t ←
→ sentence pair scoring : towards unified framework for text comprehension ; we review the task of sentence pair scoring , popular in the literature in various forms - viewed as answer sentence selection , semantic text scoring , next utterance ranking , recognizing textual entailment , paraphrasing or e . g . a component of memory networks . we argue that all such tasks are similar from the model perspective and propose new baselines by comparing the performance of common ir metrics and popular convolutional , recurr ←
→ weakly supervised cascaded convolutional networks ; object detection is a challenging task in visual understanding domain , and even more so if the supervision is to be weak . recently , few efforts to handle the task without expensive human annotations is established by promising deep neural network . a new architecture of cascaded networks is proposed to learn a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) under such conditions . we introduce two such architectures , with either two cascade stages or three which are trai ←
→ automatic query image disambiguation for content - based image retrieval ; query images presented to content - based image retrieval systems often have various different interpretations , making it difficult to identify the search objective pursued by the user . we propose a technique for overcoming this ambiguity , while keeping the amount of required user interaction at a minimum . to achieve this , the neighborhood of the query image is divided into coherent clusters from which the user may choose the relevant on ←
→ a distance oriented kalman filter particle swarm optimizer applied to multi - modality image registration ; in this paper we describe improvements to the particle swarm optimizer ( pso ) made by inclusion of an unscented kalman filter to guide particle motion . we demonstrate the effectiveness of the unscented kalman filter pso by comparing it with the original pso algorithm and its variants designed to improve performance . the psos were tested firstly on a number of common synthetic benchmarking functions , an ←
→ injury risk prediction for traffic accidents in porto alegre / rs , brazil ; this study describes the experimental application of machine learning techniques to build prediction models that can assess the injury risk associated with traffic accidents . this work uses an freely available data set of traffic accident records that took place in the city of porto alegre / rs ( brazil ) during the year of 2013 . this study also provides an analysis of the most important attributes of a traffic accident that could produce ←
→ persian sentiment analyzer : a framework based on a novel feature selection method ; in the recent decade , with the enormous growth of digital content in internet and databases , sentiment analysis has received more and more attention between information retrieval and natural language processing researchers . sentiment analysis aims to use automated tools to detect subjective information from reviews . one of the main challenges in sentiment analysis is feature selection . feature selection is widely used as t ←
→ a cognitive diversity framework for radar target classification ; classification of targets by radar has proved to be notoriously difficult with the best systems still yet to attain sufficiently high levels of performance and reliability . in the current contribution we explore a new design of radar based target recognition , where angular diversity is used in a cognitive manner to attain better performance . performance is bench - marked against conventional classification schemes . the proposed scheme can easi ←
→ relational neural expectation maximization : unsupervised discovery of objects and their interactions ; common - sense physical reasoning is an essential ingredient for any intelligent agent operating in the real - world . for example , it can be used to simulate the environment , or to infer the state of parts of the world that are currently unobserved . in order to match real - world conditions this causal knowledge must be learned without access to supervised data . to address this problem we present a novel metho ←
→ improving testsuites via instrumentation ; this paper explores the usefulness of a technique from software engineering , namely code instrumentation , for the development of large - scale natural language grammars . information about the usage of grammar rules in test sentences is used to detect untested rules , redundant test sentences , and likely causes of overgeneration . results show that less than half of a large - coverage grammar for german is actually tested by two large testsuites , and that 10 - 30 % of testin ←
→ likelihood almost free inference networks ; variational inference for latent variable models is prevalent in various machine learning problems , typically solved by maximizing the evidence lower bound ( elbo ) of the true data likelihood with respect to a variational distribution . however , freely enriching the family of variational distribution is challenging since the elbo requires variational likelihood evaluations of the latent variables . in this paper , we propose a novel framework to enrich the variational ←
→ fully automatic expression - invariant face correspondence ; we consider the problem of computing accurate point - to - point correspondences among a set of human face scans with varying expressions . our fully automatic approach does not require any manually placed markers on the scan . instead , the approach learns the locations of a set of landmarks present in a database and uses this knowledge to automatically predict the locations of these landmarks on a newly available scan . the predicted landmarks are then us ←
→ extracting temporal and causal relations between events ; structured information resulting from temporal information processing is crucial for a variety of natural language processing tasks , for instance to generate timeline summarization of events from news documents , or to answer temporal / causal - related questions about some events . in this thesis we present a framework for an integrated temporal and causal relation extraction system . we first develop a robust extraction component for each type of relation ←
→ convex optimization for linear query processing under approximate differential privacy ; differential privacy enables organizations to collect accurate aggregates over sensitive data with strong , rigorous guarantees on individuals ' privacy . previous work has found that under differential privacy , computing multiple correlated aggregates as a batch , using an appropriate \ emph { strategy }, may yield higher accuracy than computing each of them independently . however , finding the best strategy that maximizes re ←
→ term - class - max - support ( tcms ): a simple text document categorization approach using term - class relevance measure ; in this paper , a simple text categorization method using term - class relevance measures is proposed . initially , text documents are processed to extract significant terms present in them . for every term extracted from a document , we compute its importance in preserving the content of a class through a novel term - weighting scheme known as term_class relevance ( tcr ) measure proposed by guru and s ←
→ unsupervised bump hunting using principal components ; principal components analysis is a widely used technique for dimension reduction and characterization of variability in multivariate populations . our interest lies in studying when and why the rotation to principal components can be used effectively within a response - predictor set relationship in the context of mode hunting . specifically focusing on the patient rule induction method ( prim ), we first develop a fast version of this algorithm ( fastprim ) un ←
→ dsmt : a new paradigm shift for information fusion ; the management and combination of uncertain , imprecise , fuzzy and even paradoxical or high conflicting sources of information has always been and still remains of primal importance for the development of reliable information fusion systems . in this short survey paper , we present the theory of plausible and paradoxical reasoning , known as dsmt ( dezert - smarandache theory ) in literature , developed for dealing with imprecise , uncertain and potentially highly c ←
→ eigenvectors for clustering : unipartite , bipartite , and directed graph cases ; this paper presents a concise tutorial on spectral clustering for broad spectrum graphs which include unipartite ( undirected ) graph , bipartite graph , and directed graph . we show how to transform bipartite graph and directed graph into corresponding unipartite graph , therefore allowing a unified treatment to all cases . in bipartite graph , we show that the relaxed solution to the $ k $- way co - clustering can be found by computing th ←
→ the candidate multi - cut for cell segmentation ; two successful approaches for the segmentation of biomedical images are ( 1 ) the selection of segment candidates from a merge - tree , and ( 2 ) the clustering of small superpixels by solving a multi - cut problem . in this paper , we introduce a model that unifies both approaches . our model , the candidate multi - cut ( cmc ), allows joint selection and clustering of segment candidates from a merge - tree . this way , we overcome the respective limitations of the individual met ←
→ memristor crossbar - based hardware implementation of ids method ; ink drop spread ( ids ) is the engine of active learning method ( alm ), which is the methodology of soft computing . ids , as a pattern - based processing unit , extracts useful information from a system subjected to modeling . in spite of its excellent potential in solving problems such as classification and modeling compared to other soft computing tools , finding its simple and fast hardware implementation is still a challenge . this paper describes a ←
→ methods for detecting paraphrase plagiarism ; paraphrase plagiarism is one of the difficult challenges facing plagiarism detection systems . paraphrasing occur when texts are lexically or syntactically altered to look different , but retain their original meaning . most plagiarism detection systems ( many of which are commercial based ) are designed to detect word co - occurrences and light modifications , but are unable to detect severe semantic and structural alterations such as what is seen in many academic docu ←
→ layers : yet another neural network toolkit ; layers is an open source neural network toolkit aim at providing an easy way to implement modern neural networks . the main user target are students and to this end layers provides an easy scriptting language that can be early adopted . the user has to focus only on design details as network totpology and parameter tunning .←
→ adversarial discriminative heterogeneous face recognition ; the gap between sensing patterns of different face modalities remains a challenging problem in heterogeneous face recognition ( hfr ). this paper proposes an adversarial discriminative feature learning framework to close the sensing gap via adversarial learning on both raw - pixel space and compact feature space . this framework integrates cross - spectral face hallucination and discriminative feature learning into an end - to - end adversarial network . in th ←
→ heuristic approaches for generating local process models through log projections ; local process model ( lpm ) discovery is focused on the mining of a set of process models where each model describes the behavior represented in the event log only partially , i . e . subsets of possible events are taken into account to create so - called local process models . often such smaller models provide valuable insights into the behavior of the process , especially when no adequate and comprehensible single overall process m ←
→ intensional verbs without type - raising or lexical ambiguity ; we present an analysis of the semantic interpretation of intensional verbs such as seek that allows them to take direct objects of either individual or quantifier type , producing both de dicto and de re readings in the quantifier case , all without needing to stipulate type - raising or quantifying - in rules . this simple account follows directly from our use of logical deduction in linear logic to express the relationship between syntactic structures ←
→ astronomical image denoising using dictionary learning ; astronomical images suffer a constant presence of multiple defects that are consequences of the intrinsic properties of the acquisition equipments , and atmospheric conditions . one of the most frequent defects in astronomical imaging is the presence of additive noise which makes a denoising step mandatory before processing data . during the last decade , a particular modeling scheme , based on sparse representations , has drawn the attention of an ever gro ←
→ a continuous opinion dynamic model in co - evolving networks -- a novel group decision approach ; opinion polarization is a ubiquitous phenomenon in opinion dynamics . in contrast to the traditional consensus oriented group decision making ( gdm ) framework , this paper proposes a framework with the co - evolution of both opinions and relationship networks to improve the potential consensus level of a group and help the group reach a stable state . taking the bound of confidence and the degree of individual ' s persis ←
→ blind stereo image quality assessment inspired by brain sensory - motor fusion ; the use of 3d and stereo imaging is rapidly increasing . compression , transmission , and processing could degrade the quality of stereo images . quality assessment of such images is different than their 2d counterparts . metrics that represent 3d perception by human visual system ( hvs ) are expected to assess stereoscopic quality more accurately . in this paper , inspired by brain sensory / motor fusion process , two stereo images are fu ←
→ webvision database : visual learning and understanding from web data ; in this paper , we present a study on learning visual recognition models from large scale noisy web data . we build a new database called webvision , which contains more than $ 2 . 4 $ million web images crawled from the internet by using queries generated from the 1 , 000 semantic concepts of the benchmark ilsvrc 2012 dataset . meta information along with those web images ( e . g ., title , description , tags , etc .) are also crawled . a validation set an ←
→ a probabilistic linear genetic programming with stochastic context - free grammar for solving symbolic regression problems ; traditional linear genetic programming ( lgp ) algorithms are based only on the selection mechanism to guide the search . genetic operators combine or mutate random portions of the individuals , without knowing if the result will lead to a fitter individual . probabilistic model building genetic programming ( pmb - gp ) methods were proposed to overcome this issue through a probability model t ←
→ local graph clustering beyond cheeger ' s inequality ; motivated by applications of large - scale graph clustering , we study random - walk - based local algorithms whose running times depend only on the size of the output cluster , rather than the entire graph . all previously known such algorithms guarantee an output conductance of $\ tilde { o }(\ sqrt {\ phi ( a )})$ when the target set $ a $ has conductance $\ phi ( a )\ in [ 0 , 1 ]$. in this paper , we improve it to $$\ tilde { o }\ bigg ( \ min \ big \{\ sqrt {\ phi ( a )}, \ frac {\ phi ( a )}{\ sqrt {\ ma ←
→ minimizing the misclassification error rate using a surrogate convex loss ; we carefully study how well minimizing convex surrogate loss functions , corresponds to minimizing the misclassification error rate for the problem of binary classification with linear predictors . in particular , we show that amongst all convex surrogate losses , the hinge loss gives essentially the best possible bound , of all convex loss functions , for the misclassification error rate of the resulting linear predictor in terms of th ←
→ learning residual images for face attribute manipulation ; face attributes are interesting due to their detailed description of human faces . unlike prior researches working on attribute prediction , we address an inverse and more challenging problem called face attribute manipulation which aims at modifying a face image according to a given attribute value . instead of manipulating the whole image , we propose to learn the corresponding residual image defined as the difference between images before and after t ←
→ a deep architecture for semantic parsing ; many successful approaches to semantic parsing build on top of the syntactic analysis of text , and make use of distributional representations or statistical models to match parses to ontology - specific queries . this paper presents a novel deep learning architecture which provides a semantic parsing system through the union of two neural models of language semantics . it allows for the generation of ontology - specific queries from natural language statements and questi ←
→ étude cognitive des processus de construction d ' une requête dans un système de gestion de connaissances médicales ; this article presents the cogni - cismef project , which aims at improving medical information search in the cismef system ( catalog and index of french - language health resources ) by including a conversational agent to interact with the user in natural language . to study the cognitive processes involved during the information search , a bottom - up methodology was adopted . experimentation has been ←
→ describing multimedia content using attention - based encoder -- decoder networks ; whereas deep neural networks were first mostly used for classification tasks , they are rapidly expanding in the realm of structured output problems , where the observed target is composed of multiple random variables that have a rich joint distribution , given the input . we focus in this paper on the case where the input also has a rich structure and the input and output structures are somehow related . we describe systems that l ←
→ natural scene recognition based on superpixels and deep boltzmann machines ; the deep boltzmann machines ( dbm ) is a state - of - the - art unsupervised learning model , which has been successfully applied to handwritten digit recognition and , as well as object recognition . however , the dbm is limited in scene recognition due to the fact that natural scene images are usually very large . in this paper , an efficient scene recognition approach is proposed based on superpixels and the dbms . first , a simple linear ite ←
→ a unified framework for multi - view multi - class object pose estimation ; one core challenge in object pose estimation is to ensure accurate and robust performance for large numbers of diverse foreground objects amidst complex background clutter . in this work , we present a scalable framework for accurately inferring six degree - of - freedom ( 6 - dof ) pose for a large number of object classes from single or multiple views . to learn discriminative pose features , we integrate three new capabilities into a deep convol ←
→ temporal relational reasoning in videos ; temporal relational reasoning , the ability to link meaningful transformations of objects or entities over time , is a fundamental property of intelligent species . in this paper , we introduce an effective and interpretable network module , the temporal relation network ( trn ), designed to learn and reason about temporal dependencies between video frames at multiple time scales . we evaluate trn - equipped networks on activity recognition tasks using three recent video data ←
→ figureqa : an annotated figure dataset for visual reasoning ; we introduce figureqa , a visual reasoning corpus of over one million question - answer pairs grounded in over 100 , 000 images . the images are synthetic , scientific - style figures from five classes : line plots , dot - line plots , vertical and horizontal bar graphs , and pie charts . we formulate our reasoning task by generating questions from 15 templates ; questions concern various relationships between plot elements and examine characteristics like the max ←
→ hierarchical salient object detection for assisted grasping ; visual scene decomposition into semantic entities is one of the major challenges when creating a reliable object grasping system . recently , we introduced a bottom - up hierarchical clustering approach which is able to segment objects and parts in a scene . in this paper , we introduce a transform from such a segmentation into a corresponding , hierarchical saliency function . in comprehensive experiments we demonstrate its ability to detect salient obj ←
→ oasis : adaptive column sampling for kernel matrix approximation ; kernel matrices ( e . g . gram or similarity matrices ) are essential for many state - of - the - art approaches to classification , clustering , and dimensionality reduction . for large datasets , the cost of forming and factoring such kernel matrices becomes intractable . to address this challenge , we introduce a new adaptive sampling algorithm called accelerated sequential incoherence selection ( oasis ) that samples columns without explicitly computing the ←
→ scalable large - margin mahalanobis distance metric learning ; for many machine learning algorithms such as $ k $- nearest neighbor ($ k $- nn ) classifiers and $ k $- means clustering , often their success heavily depends on the metric used to calculate distances between different data points . an effective solution for defining such a metric is to learn it from a set of labeled training samples . in this work , we propose a fast and scalable algorithm to learn a mahalanobis distance metric . by employing the principle ←
→ learning human pose estimation features with convolutional networks ; this paper introduces a new architecture for human pose estimation using a multi - layer convolutional network architecture and a modified learning technique that learns low - level features and higher - level weak spatial models . unconstrained human pose estimation is one of the hardest problems in computer vision , and our new architecture and learning schema shows significant improvement over the current state - of - the - art results . the main co ←
→ hierarchy construction schemes within the scale set framework ; segmentation algorithms based on an energy minimisation framework often depend on a scale parameter which balances a fit to data and a regularising term . irregular pyramids are defined as a stack of graphs successively reduced . within this framework , the scale is often defined implicitly as the height in the pyramid . however , each level of an irregular pyramid can not usually be readily associated to the global optimum of an energy or a global ←
→ understanding learned cnn features through filter decoding with substitution ; in parallel with the success of cnns to solve vision problems , there is a growing interest in developing methodologies to understand and visualize the internal representations of these networks . how the responses of a trained cnn encode the visual information is a fundamental question both for computer and human vision research . image representations provided by the first convolutional layer as well as the resolution change pro ←
→ hidden integrality of sdp relaxation for sub - gaussian mixture models ; we consider the problem of estimating the discrete clustering structures under sub - gaussian mixture models . our main results establish a hidden integrality property of a semidefinite programming ( sdp ) relaxation for this problem : while the optimal solutions to the sdp are not integer - valued in general , their estimation errors can be upper bounded in terms of the error of an idealized integer program . the error of the integer program , and ←
→ principled non - linear feature selection ; recent non - linear feature selection approaches employing greedy optimisation of centred kernel target alignment ( kta ) exhibit strong results in terms of generalisation accuracy and sparsity . however , they are computationally prohibitive for large datasets . we propose randsel , a randomised feature selection algorithm , with attractive scaling properties . our theoretical analysis of randsel provides strong probabilistic guarantees for correct identification of relevant ←
→ multidefender security games ; stackelberg security game models and associated computational tools have seen deployment in a number of high - consequence security settings , such as lax canine patrols and federal air marshal service . these models focus on isolated systems with only one defender , despite being part of a more complex system with multiple players . furthermore , many real systems such as transportation networks and the power grid exhibit interdependencies between targets and , consequently , between ←
→ recurrent attention models for depth - based person identification ; we present an attention - based model that reasons on human body shape and motion dynamics to identify individuals in the absence of rgb information , hence in the dark . our approach leverages unique 4d spatio - temporal signatures to address the identification problem across days . formulated as a reinforcement learning task , our model is based on a combination of convolutional and recurrent neural networks with the goal of identifying small , dis ←
→ deep multimodal embedding : manipulating novel objects with point - clouds , language and trajectories ; a robot operating in a real - world environment needs to perform reasoning over a variety of sensor modalities such as vision , language and motion trajectories . however , it is extremely challenging to manually design features relating such disparate modalities . in this work , we introduce an algorithm that learns to embed point - cloud , natural language , and manipulation trajectory data into a shared embedding ←
→ learning algorithms for keyphrase extraction ; many academic journals ask their authors to provide a list of about five to fifteen keywords , to appear on the first page of each article . since these key words are often phrases of two or more words , we prefer to call them keyphrases . there is a wide variety of tasks for which keyphrases are useful , as we discuss in this paper . we approach the problem of automatically extracting keyphrases from text as a supervised learning task . we treat a document as a set o ←
→ the intentional unintentional agent : learning to solve many continuous control tasks simultaneously ; this paper introduces the intentional unintentional ( iu ) agent . this agent endows the deep deterministic policy gradients ( ddpg ) agent for continuous control with the ability to solve several tasks simultaneously . learning to solve many tasks simultaneously has been a long - standing , core goal of artificial intelligence , inspired by infant development and motivated by the desire to build flexible robot man ←
→ zoom out - and - in network with map attention decision for region proposal and object detection ; in this paper , we propose a zoom - out - and - in network for generating object proposals . a key observation is that it is difficult to classify anchors of different sizes with the same set of features . anchors of different sizes should be placed accordingly based on different depth within a network : smaller boxes on high - resolution layers with a smaller stride while larger boxes on low - resolution counterparts with a ←
→ on sat representations of xor constraints ; we study the representation of systems s of linear equations over the two - element field ( aka xor - or parity - constraints ) via conjunctive normal forms f ( boolean clause - sets ). first we consider the problem of finding an " arc - consistent " representation (" ac "), meaning that unit - clause propagation will fix all forced assignments for all possible instantiations of the xor - variables . our main negative result is that there is no polysize ac - representation in general . on ←
→ convergence of expected utility for universal ai ; we consider a sequence of repeated interactions between an agent and an environment . uncertainty about the environment is captured by a probability distribution over a space of hypotheses , which includes all computable functions . given a utility function , we can evaluate the expected utility of any computational policy for interaction with the environment . after making some plausible assumptions ( and maybe one not - so - plausible assumption ), we show that if t ←
→ learning frames from text with an unsupervised latent variable model ; we develop a probabilistic latent - variable model to discover semantic frames --- types of events and their participants --- from corpora . we present a dirichlet - multinomial model in which frames are latent categories that explain the linking of verb - subject - object triples , given document - level sparsity . we analyze what the model learns , and compare it to framenet , noting it learns some novel and interesting frames . this document also contain ←
→ using hopfield to solve resource - leveling problem ; although the traditional permute matrix coming along with hopfield is able to describe many common problems , it seems to have limitation in solving more complicated problem with more constrains , like resource leveling which is actually a np problem . this paper tries to find a better solution for it by using neural network . in order to give the neural network description of resource leveling problem , a new description method called augmented permute matrix ←
→ on the workings of genetic algorithms : the genoclique fixing hypothesis ; we recently reported that the simple genetic algorithm ( sga ) is capable of performing a remarkable form of sublinear computation which has a straightforward connection with the general problem of interacting attributes in data - mining . in this paper we explain how the sga can leverage this computational proficiency to perform efficient adaptation on a broad class of fitness functions . based on the relative ease with which a practical f ←
→ live blog corpus for summarization ; live blogs are an increasingly popular news format to cover breaking news and live events in online journalism . online news websites around the world are using this medium to give their readers a minute by minute update on an event . good summaries enhance the value of the live blogs for a reader but are often not available . in this paper , we study a way of collecting corpora for automatic live blog summarization . in an empirical evaluation using well - known state - of - the - a ←
→ limit theorems for eigenvectors of the normalized laplacian for random graphs ; we prove a central limit theorem for the components of the eigenvectors corresponding to the $ d $ largest eigenvalues of the normalized laplacian matrix of a finite dimensional random dot product graph . as a corollary , we show that for stochastic blockmodel graphs , the rows of the spectral embedding of the normalized laplacian converge to multivariate normals and furthermore the mean and the covariance matrix of each row are fu ←
→ edge - host partitioning of deep neural networks with feature space encoding for resource - constrained internet - of - things platforms ; this paper introduces partitioning an inference task of a deep neural network between an edge and a host platform in the iot environment . we present a dnn as an encoding pipeline , and propose to transmit the output feature space of an intermediate layer to the host . the lossless or lossy encoding of the feature space is proposed to enhance the maximum input rate supported by t ←
→ gamma processes , stick - breaking , and variational inference ; while most bayesian nonparametric models in machine learning have focused on the dirichlet process , the beta process , or their variants , the gamma process has recently emerged as a useful nonparametric prior in its own right . current inference schemes for models involving the gamma process are restricted to mcmc - based methods , which limits their scalability . in this paper , we present a variational inference framework for models involving gamma pro ←
→ differentiable pooling for hierarchical feature learning ; we introduce a parametric form of pooling , based on a gaussian , which can be optimized alongside the features in a single global objective function . by contrast , existing pooling schemes are based on heuristics ( e . g . local maximum ) and have no clear link to the cost function of the model . furthermore , the variables of the gaussian explicitly store location information , distinct from the appearance captured by the features , thus providing a what / wher ←
→ anti - makeup : learning a bi - level adversarial network for makeup - invariant face verification ; makeup is widely used to improve facial attractiveness and is well accepted by the public . however , different makeup styles will result in significant facial appearance changes . it remains a challenging problem to match makeup and non - makeup face images . this paper proposes a learning from generation approach for makeup - invariant face verification by introducing a bi - level adversarial network ( blan ). to alleviate ←
→ refining recency search results with user click feedback ; traditional machine - learned ranking systems for web search are often trained to capture stationary relevance of documents to queries , which has limited ability to track non - stationary user intention in a timely manner . in recency search , for instance , the relevance of documents to a query on breaking news often changes significantly over time , requiring effective adaptation to user intention . in this paper , we focus on recency search and study a num ←
→ the boolean solution problem from the perspective of predicate logic - extended version ; finding solution values for unknowns in boolean equations was a principal reasoning mode in the algebra of logic of the 19th century . schr \" oder investigated it as " aufl \" osungsproblem " (" solution problem "). it is closely related to the modern notion of boolean unification . today it is commonly presented in an algebraic setting , but seems potentially useful also in knowledge representation based on predicate logic . w ←
→ decision trees are pac - learnable from most product distributions : a smoothed analysis ; we consider the problem of pac - learning decision trees , i . e ., learning a decision tree over the n - dimensional hypercube from independent random labeled examples . despite significant effort , no polynomial - time algorithm is known for learning polynomial - sized decision trees ( even trees of any super - constant size ), even when examples are assumed to be drawn from the uniform distribution on { 0 , 1 }^ n . we give an algorithm th ←
→ language classification from bilingual word embedding graphs ; we study the role of the second language in bilingual word embeddings in monolingual semantic evaluation tasks . we find strongly and weakly positive correlations between down - stream task performance and second language similarity to the target language . additionally , we show how bilingual word embeddings can be employed for the task of semantic language classification and that joint semantic spaces vary in meaningful ways across second languages ←
→ learning to search with mctsnets ; planning problems are among the most important and well - studied problems in artificial intelligence . they are most typically solved by tree search algorithms that simulate ahead into the future , evaluate future states , and back - up those evaluations to the root of a search tree . among these algorithms , monte - carlo tree search ( mcts ) is one of the most general , powerful and widely used . a typical implementation of mcts uses cleverly designed rules , optimized to the particula ←
→ ultra - fast shapelets for time series classification ; time series shapelets are discriminative subsequences and their similarity to a time series can be used for time series classification . since the discovery of time series shapelets is costly in terms of time , the applicability on long or multivariate time series is difficult . in this work we propose ultra - fast shapelets that uses a number of random shapelets . it is shown that ultra - fast shapelets yield the same prediction quality as current state - of - the -←
→ analysing errors of open information extraction systems ; we report results on benchmarking open information extraction ( oie ) systems using relvis , a toolkit for benchmarking open information extraction systems . our comprehensive benchmark contains three data sets from the news domain and one data set from wikipedia with overall 4522 labeled sentences and 11243 binary or n - ary oie relations . in our analysis on these data sets we compared the performance of four popular oie systems , clausie , openie 4 . 2 , stan ←
→ semi - supervised learning enabled by multiscale deep neural network inversion ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) provide state - of - the - art solutions in several difficult machine perceptual tasks . however , their performance relies on the availability of a large set of labeled training data , which limits the breadth of their applicability . hence , there is a need for new {\ em semi - supervised learning } methods for dnns that can leverage both ( a small amount of ) labeled and unlabeled training data . in this paper , we ←
→ seeding k - means using method of moments ; k - means is one of the most widely used algorithms for clustering in data mining applications , which attempts to minimize the sum of the square of the euclidean distance of the points in the clusters from the respective means of the clusters . however , k - means suffers from local minima problem and is not guaranteed to converge to the optimal cost . k - means ++ tries to address the problem by seeding the means using a distance - based sampling scheme . however , seeding the m ←
→ sanet : structure - aware network for visual tracking ; convolutional neural network ( cnn ) has drawn increasing interest in visual tracking owing to its powerfulness in feature extraction . most existing cnn - based trackers treat tracking as a classification problem . however , these trackers are sensitive to similar distractors because their cnn models mainly focus on inter - class classification . to address this problem , we use self - structure information of object to distinguish it from distractors . specifically , ←
→ software agents with concerns of their own ; we claim that it is possible to have artificial software agents for which their actions and the world they inhabit have first - person or intrinsic meanings . the first - person or intrinsic meaning of an entity to a system is defined as its relation with the system ' s goals and capabilities , given the properties of the environment in which it operates . therefore , for a system to develop first - person meanings , it must see itself as a goal - directed actor , facing limitat ←
→ groupwise maximin fair allocation of indivisible goods ; we study the problem of allocating indivisible goods among n agents in a fair manner . for this problem , maximin share ( mms ) is a well - studied solution concept which provides a fairness threshold . specifically , maximin share is defined as the minimum utility that an agent can guarantee for herself when asked to partition the set of goods into n bundles such that the remaining ( n - 1 ) agents pick their bundles adversarially . an allocation is deemed to be ←
→ gaussian process bandits for tree search : theory and application to planning in discounted mdps ; we motivate and analyse a new tree search algorithm , gpts , based on recent theoretical advances in the use of gaussian processes for bandit problems . we consider tree paths as arms and we assume the target / reward function is drawn from a gp distribution . the posterior mean and variance , after observing data , are used to define confidence intervals for the function values , and we sequentially play arms with hi ←
→ serious flaws in korf et al .' s analysis on time complexity of a * ; this paper has been withdrawn .←
→ applicability of crisp and fuzzy logic in intelligent response generation ; this paper discusses the merits and demerits of crisp logic and fuzzy logic with respect to their applicability in intelligent response generation by a human being and by a robot . intelligent systems must have the capability of taking decisions that are wise and handle situations intelligently . a direct relationship exists between the level of perfection in handling a situation and the level of completeness of the available knowle ←
→ african trypanosomiasis detection using dempster - shafer theory ; world health organization reports that african trypanosomiasis affects mostly poor populations living in remote rural areas of africa that can be fatal if properly not treated . this paper presents dempster - shafer theory for the detection of african trypanosomiasis . sustainable elimination of african trypanosomiasis as a public - health problem is feasible and requires continuous efforts and innovative approaches . in this research , we implement d ←
→ modeling the sequence of brain volumes by local mesh models for brain decoding ; we represent the sequence of fmri ( functional magnetic resonance imaging ) brain volumes recorded during a cognitive stimulus by a graph which consists of a set of local meshes . the corresponding cognitive process , encoded in the brain , is then represented by these meshes each of which is estimated assuming a linear relationship among the voxel time series in a predefined locality . first , we define the concept of locality in t ←
→ optimizing real - time rdf data streams ; the resource description framework ( rdf ) provides a common data model for the integration of " real - time " social and sensor data streams with the web and with each other . while there exist numerous protocols and data formats for exchanging dynamic rdf data , or rdf updates , these options should be examined carefully in order to enable a semantic web equivalent of the high - throughput , low - latency streams of typical web 2 . 0 , multimedia , and gaming applications . this paper ←
→ model - based iterative restoration for binary document image compression with dictionary learning ; the inherent noise in the observed ( e . g ., scanned ) binary document image degrades the image quality and harms the compression ratio through breaking the pattern repentance and adding entropy to the document images . in this paper , we design a cost function in bayesian framework with dictionary learning . minimizing our cost function produces a restored image which has better quality than that of the observed n ←
→ hybrid affinity propagation ; in this paper , we address a problem of managing tagged images with hybrid summarization . we formulate this problem as finding a few image exemplars to represent the image set semantically and visually , and solve it in a hybrid way by exploiting both visual and textual information associated with images . we propose a novel approach , called homogeneous and heterogeneous message propagation ($\ text { h }^\ text { 2 }\ text { mp }$). similar to the affinity propagation ( ap ) approach , $\ text { h ←
→ patch - based convolutional neural network for whole slide tissue image classification ; convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) are state - of - the - art models for many image classification tasks . however , to recognize cancer subtypes automatically , training a cnn on gigapixel resolution whole slide tissue images ( wsi ) is currently computationally impossible . the differentiation of cancer subtypes is based on cellular - level visual features observed on image patch scale . therefore , we argue that in this situation , ←
→ temporal analysis of language through neural language models ; we provide a method for automatically detecting change in language across time through a chronologically trained neural language model . we train the model on the google books ngram corpus to obtain word vector representations specific to each year , and identify words that have changed significantly from 1900 to 2009 . the model identifies words such as " cell " and " gay " as having changed during that time period . the model simultaneously identifies ←
→ dynamic sum product networks for tractable inference on sequence data ( extended version ) ; sum - product networks ( spn ) have recently emerged as a new class of tractable probabilistic graphical models . unlike bayesian networks and markov networks where inference may be exponential in the size of the network , inference in spns is in time linear in the size of the network . since spns represent distributions over a fixed set of variables only , we propose dynamic sum product networks ( dspns ) as a generalization ←
→ weakly - supervised dcnn for rgb - d object recognition in real - world applications which lack large - scale annotated training data ; this paper addresses the problem of rgbd object recognition in real - world applications , where large amounts of annotated training data are typically unavailable . to overcome this problem , we propose a novel , weakly - supervised learning architecture ( dcnn - gpc ) which combines parametric models ( a pair of deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnn ) for rgb and d modalities ) with non - pa ←
→ deformable modeling for human body acquired from depth sensors ; this paper presents a novel approach to reconstruct complete 3d deformable models over time by a single depth camera . these are the steps employed for deforming objects from single depth camera . the partial surfaces reconstructed from various times of capture are assembled together to form a complete 3d surface . a mesh warping algorithm is used to align different partial surfaces based on linear mesh deformation . a volumetric method is then ap ←
→ the more , the merrier : the blessing of dimensionality for learning large gaussian mixtures ; in this paper we show that very large mixtures of gaussians are efficiently learnable in high dimension . more precisely , we prove that a mixture with known identical covariance matrices whose number of components is a polynomial of any fixed degree in the dimension n is polynomially learnable as long as a certain non - degeneracy condition on the means is satisfied . it turns out that this condition is generic in the ←
→ lim +, delta +, and non - permutability of beta - steps ; using a human - oriented formal example proof of the ( lim +) theorem , i . e . that the sum of limits is the limit of the sum , which is of value for reference on its own , we exhibit a non - permutability of beta - steps and delta +- steps ( according to smullyan ' s classification ), which is not visible with non - liberalized delta - rules and not serious with further liberalized delta - rules , such as the delta ++- rule . besides a careful presentation of the search for a proof o ←
→ reasoning about liquids via closed - loop simulation ; simulators are powerful tools for reasoning about a robot ' s interactions with its environment . however , when simulations diverge from reality , that reasoning becomes less useful . in this paper , we show how to close the loop between liquid simulation and real - time perception . we use observations of liquids to correct errors when tracking the liquid ' s state in a simulator . our results show that closed - loop simulation is an effective way to prevent large div ←
→ image compression by rectangular wavelet transform ; we study image compression by a separable wavelet basis $\ big \{\ psi ( 2 ^{ k_1 } x - i )\ psi ( 2 ^{ k_2 } y - j ),$ $\ phi ( x - i )\ psi ( 2 ^{ k_2 } y - j ),$ $\ psi ( 2 ^{ k_1 }( x - i )\ phi ( y - j ),$ $\ phi ( x - i )\ phi ( y - i )\ big \},$ where $ k_1 , k_2 \ in \ mathbb { z } _ +$; $ i , j \ in \ mathbb { z }$; and $\ phi ,\ psi $ are elements of a standard biorthogonal wavelet basis in $ l_2 (\ mathbb { r })$. because $ k_1 \ ne k_2 $, the supports of the basis elements are rectangles , and the corresponding transform is known as the {\ em r ←
→ overdispersed black - box variational inference ; we introduce overdispersed black - box variational inference , a method to reduce the variance of the monte carlo estimator of the gradient in black - box variational inference . instead of taking samples from the variational distribution , we use importance sampling to take samples from an overdispersed distribution in the same exponential family as the variational approximation . our approach is general since it can be readily applied to any exponential family distr ←
→ synergistic union of word2vec and lexicon for domain specific semantic similarity ; semantic similarity measures are an important part in natural language processing tasks . however semantic similarity measures built for general use do not perform well within specific domains . therefore in this study we introduce a domain specific semantic similarity measure that was created by the synergistic union of word2vec , a word embedding method that is used for semantic similarity calculation and lexicon based ( lex ←
→ generation of high dynamic range illumination from a single image for the enhancement of undesirably illuminated images ; this paper presents an algorithm that enhances undesirably illuminated images by generating and fusing multi - level illuminations from a single image . the input image is first decomposed into illumination and reflectance components by using an edge - preserving smoothing filter . then the reflectance component is scaled up to improve the image details in bright areas . the illumination compo ←
→ a lagrangian gauss - newton - krylov solver for mass - and intensity - preserving diffeomorphic image registration ; we present an efficient solver for diffeomorphic image registration problems in the framework of large deformations diffeomorphic metric mappings ( lddmm ). we use an optimal control formulation , in which the velocity field of a hyperbolic pde needs to be found such that the distance between the final state of the system ( the transformed / transported template image ) and the observation ( the reference ←
→ reasoning about the impacts of information sharing ; in this paper we describe a decision process framework allowing an agent to decide what information it should reveal to its neighbours within a communication graph in order to maximise its utility . we assume that these neighbours can pass information onto others within the graph . the inferences made by agents receiving the messages can have a positive or negative impact on the information providing agent , and our decision process seeks to identify how a m ←
→ rule extraction using artificial neural networks ; artificial neural networks have been successfully applied to a variety of business application problems involving classification and regression . although backpropagation neural networks generally predict better than decision trees do for pattern classification problems , they are often regarded as black boxes , i . e ., their predictions are not as interpretable as those of decision trees . in many applications , it is desirable to extract knowledge from trained n ←
→ fast , compact , and high quality lstm - rnn based statistical parametric speech synthesizers for mobile devices ; acoustic models based on long short - term memory recurrent neural networks ( lstm - rnns ) were applied to statistical parametric speech synthesis ( spss ) and showed significant improvements in naturalness and latency over those based on hidden markov models ( hmms ). this paper describes further optimizations of lstm - rnn - based spss for deployment on mobile devices ; weight quantization , multi - frame infer ←
→ generative deep neural networks for dialogue : a short review ; researchers have recently started investigating deep neural networks for dialogue applications . in particular , generative sequence - to - sequence ( seq2seq ) models have shown promising results for unstructured tasks , such as word - level dialogue response generation . the hope is that such models will be able to leverage massive amounts of data to learn meaningful natural language representations and response generation strategies , while requiring a mi ←
→ admissible hierarchical clustering methods and algorithms for asymmetric networks ; this paper characterizes hierarchical clustering methods that abide by two previously introduced axioms -- thus , denominated admissible methods -- and proposes tractable algorithms for their implementation . we leverage the fact that , for asymmetric networks , every admissible method must be contained between reciprocal and nonreciprocal clustering , and describe three families of intermediate methods . grafting methods exchan ←
→ deep domain adaptation based video smoke detection using synthetic smoke images ; in this paper , a deep domain adaptation based method for video smoke detection is proposed to extract a powerful feature representation of smoke . due to the smoke image samples limited in scale and diversity for deep cnn training , we systematically produced adequate synthetic smoke images with a wide variation in the smoke shape , background and lighting conditions . considering that the appearance gap ( dataset bias ) between s ←
→ cnn - based patch matching for optical flow with thresholded hinge embedding loss ; learning based approaches have not yet achieved their full potential in optical flow estimation , where their performance still trails heuristic approaches . in this paper , we present a cnn based patch matching approach for optical flow estimation . an important contribution of our approach is a novel thresholded loss for siamese networks . we demonstrate that our loss performs clearly better than existing losses . it also allows ←
→ view independent vehicle make , model and color recognition using convolutional neural network ; this paper describes the details of sighthound ' s fully automated vehicle make , model and color recognition system . the backbone of our system is a deep convolutional neural network that is not only computationally inexpensive , but also provides state - of - the - art results on several competitive benchmarks . additionally , our deep network is trained on a large dataset of several million images which are labeled thro ←
→ optimal amortized regret in every interval ; consider the classical problem of predicting the next bit in a sequence of bits . a standard performance measure is {\ em regret } ( loss in payoff ) with respect to a set of experts . for example if we measure performance with respect to two constant experts one that always predicts 0 ' s and another that always predicts 1 ' s it is well known that one can get regret $ o (\ sqrt t )$ with respect to the best expert by using , say , the weighted majority algorithm . but this algo ←
→ resolution limits on visual speech recognition ; visual - only speech recognition is dependent upon a number of factors that can be difficult to control , such as : lighting ; identity ; motion ; emotion and expression . but some factors , such as video resolution are controllable , so it is surprising that there is not yet a systematic study of the effect of resolution on lip - reading . here we use a new data set , the rosetta raven data , to train and test recognizers so we can measure the affect of video resolution on ←
→ preparing korean data for the shared task on parsing morphologically rich languages ; this document gives a brief description of korean data prepared for the spmrl 2013 shared task . a total of 27 , 363 sentences with 350 , 090 tokens are used for the shared task . all constituent trees are collected from the kaist treebank and transformed to the penn treebank style . all dependency trees are converted from the transformed constituent trees using heuristics and labeling rules de - signed specifically for the kais ←
→ the perceptron algorithm : image and signal decomposition , compression , and analysis by iterative gaussian blurring ; a novel algorithm for tunable compression to within the precision of reproduction targets , or storage , is proposed . the new algorithm is termed the ` perceptron algorithm ', which utilises simple existing concepts in a novel way , has multiple immediate commercial application aspects as well as it opens up a multitude of fronts in computational science and technology . the aims of this paper ar ←
→ man [ and woman ] vs . machine : a case study in base noun phrase learning ; a great deal of work has been done demonstrating the ability of machine learning algorithms to automatically extract linguistic knowledge from annotated corpora . very little work has gone into quantifying the difference in ability at this task between a person and a machine . this paper is a first step in that direction .←
→ structured depth prediction in challenging monocular video sequences ; in this paper , we tackle the problem of estimating the depth of a scene from a monocular video sequence . in particular , we handle challenging scenarios , such as non - translational camera motion and dynamic scenes , where traditional structure from motion and motion stereo methods do not apply . to this end , we first study the problem of depth estimation from a single image . in this context , we exploit the availability of a pool of images fo ←
→ image fusion and re - modified spiht for fused image ; this paper presents the discrete wavelet based fusion techniques for combining perceptually important image features . spiht ( set partitioning in hierarchical trees ) algorithm is an efficient method for lossy and lossless coding of fused image . this paper presents some modifications on the spiht algorithm . it is based on the idea of insignificant correlation of wavelet coefficient among the medium and high frequency sub bands . in re - mspiht algorithm , wavel ←
→ fusion of an ensemble of augmented image detectors for robust object detection ; a significant challenge in object detection is accurate identification of an object ' s position in image space , whereas one algorithm with one set of parameters is usually not enough , and the fusion of multiple algorithms and / or parameters can lead to more robust results . herein , a new computational intelligence fusion approach based on the dynamic analysis of agreement among object detection outputs is proposed . furthermore , ←
→ generative adversarial nets for multiple text corpora ; generative adversarial nets ( gans ) have been successfully applied to the artificial generation of image data . in terms of text data , much has been done on the artificial generation of natural language from a single corpus . we consider multiple text corpora as the input data , for which there can be two applications of gans : ( 1 ) the creation of consistent cross - corpus word embeddings given different word embeddings per corpus ; ( 2 ) the generation of robus ←
→ mixtures of deterministic - probabilistic networks and their and / or search space ; the paper introduces mixed networks , a new framework for expressing and reasoning with probabilistic and deterministic information . the framework combines belief networks with constraint networks , defining the semantics and graphical representation . we also introduce the and / or search space for graphical models , and develop a new linear space search algorithm . this provides the basis for understanding the benefits of processi ←
→ feasibility preserving constraint - handling strategies for real parameter evolutionary optimization ; evolutionary algorithms ( eas ) are being routinely applied for a variety of optimization tasks , and real - parameter optimization in the presence of constraints is one such important area . during constrained optimization eas often create solutions that fall outside the feasible region ; hence a viable constraint - handling strategy is needed . this paper focuses on the class of constraint - handling strategies tha ←
→ toolflows for mapping convolutional neural networks on fpgas : a survey and future directions ; in the past decade , convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have demonstrated state - of - the - art performance in various artificial intelligence tasks . to accelerate the experimentation and development of cnns , several software frameworks have been released , primarily targeting power - hungry cpus and gpus . in this context , reconfigurable hardware in the form of fpgas constitutes a potential alternative platform that ca ←
→ monadic style control constructs for inference systems ; recent advances in programming languages study and design have established a standard way of grounding computational systems representation in category theory . these formal results led to a better understanding of issues of control and side - effects in functional and imperative languages . another benefit is a better way of modelling computational effects in logical frameworks . with this analogy in mind , we embark on an investigation of inference system ←
→ point - set registration : coherent point drift ; point set registration is a key component in many computer vision tasks . the goal of point set registration is to assign correspondences between two sets of points and to recover the transformation that maps one point set to the other . multiple factors , including an unknown non - rigid spatial transformation , large dimensionality of point set , noise and outliers , make the point set registration a challenging problem . we introduce a probabilistic method , called th ←
→ classify images with conceptor network ; this article demonstrates a new conceptor network based classifier in classifying images . mathematical descriptions and analysis are presented . various tests are experimented using three benchmark datasets : mnist , cifar - 10 and cifar - 100 . the experiments displayed that conceptor network can offer superior results and flexible configurations than conventional classifiers such as softmax regression and support vector machine ( svm ).←
→ applying topological persistence in convolutional neural network for music audio signals ; recent years have witnessed an increased interest in the application of persistent homology , a topological tool for data analysis , to machine learning problems . persistent homology is known for its ability to numerically characterize the shapes of spaces induced by features or functions . on the other hand , deep neural networks have been shown effective in various tasks . to our best knowledge , however , existing neura ←
→ learning like humans with deep symbolic networks ; we introduce the deep symbolic network ( dsn ) model , which aims at becoming the white - box version of deep neural networks ( dnn ). the dsn model provides a simple , universal yet powerful structure , similar to dnn , to represent any knowledge of the world , which is transparent to humans . the conjecture behind the dsn model is that any type of real world objects sharing enough common features are mapped into human brains as a symbol . those symbols are connected b ←
→ understanding convolutional neural networks with a mathematical model ; this work attempts to address two fundamental questions about the structure of the convolutional neural networks ( cnn ): 1 ) why a non - linear activation function is essential at the filter output of every convolutional layer ? 2 ) what is the advantage of the two - layer cascade system over the one - layer system ? a mathematical model called the " rectified - correlations on a sphere " ( recos ) is proposed to answer these two questions . after the cn ←
→ causal mechanism - based model construction ; we propose a framework for building graphical causal model that is based on the concept of causal mechanisms . causal models are intuitive for human users and , more importantly , support the prediction of the effect of manipulation . we describe an implementation of the proposed framework as an interactive model construction module , imagenie , in smile ( structural modeling , inference , and learning engine ) and in genie ( smile ' s windows user interface ).←
→ detection of copy - move forgery in digital images based on dct ; with rapid advances in digital information processing systems , and more specifically in digital image processing software , there is a widespread development of advanced tools and techniques for digital image forgery . one of the techniques most commonly used is the copy - move forgery which proceeds by copying a part of an image and pasting it into the same image , in order to maliciously hide an object or a region . in this paper , we propose a meth ←
→ ranking academic institutions on potential paper acceptance in upcoming conferences ; the crux of the problem in kdd cup 2016 involves developing data mining techniques to rank research institutions based on publications . rank importance of research institutions are derived from predictions on the number of full research papers that would potentially get accepted in upcoming top - tier conferences , utilizing public information on the web . this paper describes our solution to kdd cup 2016 . we used a two step ←
→ image retrieval method using top - surf descriptor ; this report presents the results and details of a content - based image retrieval project using the top - surf descriptor . the experimental results are preliminary , however , it shows the capability of deducing objects from parts of the objects or from the objects that are similar . this paper uses a dataset consisting of 1200 images of which 800 images are equally divided into 8 categories , namely airplane , beach , motorbike , forest , elephants , horses , bus and bu ←
→ end - to - end memory networks ; we introduce a neural network with a recurrent attention model over a possibly large external memory . the architecture is a form of memory network ( weston et al ., 2015 ) but unlike the model in that work , it is trained end - to - end , and hence requires significantly less supervision during training , making it more generally applicable in realistic settings . it can also be seen as an extension of rnnsearch to the case where multiple computational steps ( hops ) are performed per output ←
→ action - attending graphic neural network ; the motion analysis of human skeletons is crucial for human action recognition , which is one of the most active topics in computer vision . in this paper , we propose a fully end - to - end action - attending graphic neural network ( a $^ 2 $ gnn ) for skeleton - based action recognition , in which each irregular skeleton is structured as an undirected attribute graph . to extract high - level semantic representation from skeletons , we perform the local spectral graph filtering on the ←
→ lifted unit propagation for effective grounding ; a grounding of a formula $\ phi $ over a given finite domain is a ground formula which is equivalent to $\ phi $ on that domain . very effective propositional solvers have made grounding - based methods for problem solving increasingly important , however for realistic problem domains and instances , the size of groundings is often problematic . a key technique in ground ( e . g ., sat ) solvers is unit propagation , which often significantly reduces ground formula size eve ←
→ clickbait : click - based accelerated incremental training of convolutional neural networks ; today ' s general - purpose deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) for image classification and object detection are trained offline on large static datasets . some applications , however , will require training in real - time on live video streams with a human - in - the - loop . we refer to this class of problem as time - ordered online training ( toot ) - these problems will require a consideration of not only the quantity of inco ←
→ a framework for ( under ) specifying dependency syntax without overloading annotators ; we introduce a framework for lightweight dependency syntax annotation . our formalism builds upon the typical representation for unlabeled dependencies , permitting a simple notation and annotation workflow . moreover , the formalism encourages annotators to underspecify parts of the syntax if doing so would streamline the annotation process . we demonstrate the efficacy of this annotation on three languages and develop algori ←
→ a converse to banach ' s fixed point theorem and its cls completeness ; banach ' s fixed point theorem for contraction maps has been widely used to analyze the convergence of iterative methods in non - convex problems . it is a common experience , however , that iterative maps fail to be globally contracting under the natural metric in their domain , making the applicability of banach ' s theorem limited . we explore how generally we can apply banach ' s fixed point theorem to establish the convergence of iterative method ←
→ knock - knock : acoustic object recognition by using stacked denoising autoencoders ; this paper presents a successful application of deep learning for object recognition based on acoustic data . the shortcomings of previously employed approaches where handcrafted features describing the acoustic data are being used , include limiting the capability of the found representation to be widely applicable and facing the risk of capturing only insignificant characteristics for a task . in contrast , there is no need t ←
→ governing governance : a formal framework for analysing institutional design and enactment governance ; this dissertation is motivated by the need , in today ' s globalist world , for a precise way to enable governments , organisations and other regulatory bodies to evaluate the constraints they place on themselves and others . an organisation ' s modus operandi is enacting and fulfilling contracts between itself and its participants . yet , organisational contracts should respect external laws , such as those settin ←
→ linguistic unit discovery from multi - modal inputs in unwritten languages : summary of the " speaking rosetta " jsalt 2017 workshop ; we summarize the accomplishments of a multi - disciplinary workshop exploring the computational and scientific issues surrounding the discovery of linguistic units ( subwords and words ) in a language without orthography . we study the replacement of orthographic transcriptions by images and / or translated text in a well - resourced language to help unsupervised discovery from raw spee ←
→ efficient multi - start strategies for local search algorithms ; local search algorithms applied to optimization problems often suffer from getting trapped in a local optimum . the common solution for this deficiency is to restart the algorithm when no progress is observed . alternatively , one can start multiple instances of a local search algorithm , and allocate computational resources ( in particular , processing time ) to the instances depending on their behavior . hence , a multi - start strategy has to decide ( dy ←
→ cheshire : an online algorithm for activity maximization in social networks ; user engagement in social networks depends critically on the number of online actions their users take in the network . can we design an algorithm that finds when to incentivize users to take actions to maximize the overall activity in a social network ? in this paper , we model the number of online actions over time using multidimensional hawkes processes , derive an alternate representation of these processes based on stochastic di ←
→ boosting trees for anti - spam email filtering ; this paper describes a set of comparative experiments for the problem of automatically filtering unwanted electronic mail messages . several variants of the adaboost algorithm with confidence - rated predictions [ schapire & singer , 99 ] have been applied , which differ in the complexity of the base learners considered . two main conclusions can be drawn from our experiments : a ) the boosting - based methods clearly outperform the baseline learning algorithms ( naive baye ←
→ dipole and quadrupole moments in image processing ; this paper proposes an algorithm for image processing , obtained by adapting to image maps the definitions of two well - known physical quantities . these quantities are the dipole and quadrupole moments of a charge distribution . we will see how it is possible to define dipole and quadrupole moments for the gray - tone maps and apply them in the development of algorithms for edge detection .←
→ crime topic modeling ; the classification of crime into discrete categories entails a massive loss of information . crimes emerge out of a complex mix of behaviors and situations , yet most of these details cannot be captured by singular crime type labels . this information loss impacts our ability to not only understand the causes of crime , but also how to develop optimal crime prevention strategies . we apply machine learning methods to short narrative text descriptions accompanying crime records with the goa ←
→ indus script corpora , archaeo - metallurgy and meluhha ( mleccha ) ; jules bloch ' s work on formation of the marathi language has to be expanded further to provide for a study of evolution and formation of indian languages in the indian language union ( sprachbund ). the paper analyses the stages in the evolution of early writing systems which began with the evolution of counting in the ancient near east . a stage anterior to the stage of syllabic representation of sounds of a language , is identified . unique geomet ←
→ graph - structured representations for visual question answering ; this paper proposes to improve visual question answering ( vqa ) with structured representations of both scene contents and questions . a key challenge in vqa is to require joint reasoning over the visual and text domains . the predominant cnn / lstm - based approach to vqa is limited by monolithic vector representations that largely ignore structure in the scene and in the form of the question . cnn feature vectors cannot effectively capture situation ←
→ evolution of differentiated expression patterns in digital organisms ; we investigate the evolutionary processes behind the development and optimization of multiple threads of execution in digital organisms using the avida platform , a software package that implements darwinian evolution on populations of self - replicating computer programs . the system is seeded with a linearly executed ancestor capable only of reproducing its own genome , whereas its underlying language has the capacity for multiple threads o ←
→ railway track specific traffic signal selection using deep learning ; with the railway transportation industry moving actively towards automation , accurate location and inventory of wayside track assets like traffic signals , crossings , switches , mileposts , etc . is of extreme importance . with the new positive train control ( ptc ) regulation coming into effect , many railway safety rules will be tied directly to location of assets like mileposts and signals . newer speed regulations will be enforced based on loc ←
→ generalized spectral kernels ; in this paper we propose a family of tractable kernels that is dense in the family of bounded positive semi - definite functions ( i . e . can approximate any bounded kernel with arbitrary precision ). we start by discussing the case of stationary kernels , and propose a family of spectral kernels that extends existing approaches such as spectral mixture kernels and sparse spectrum kernels . our extension has two primary advantages . firstly , unlike existing spectral approaches that yie ←
→ multi - target tracking with time - varying clutter rate and detection profile : application to time - lapse cell microscopy sequences ; quantitative analysis of the dynamics of tiny cellular and sub - cellular structures , known as particles , in time - lapse cell microscopy sequences requires the development of a reliable multi - target tracking method capable of tracking numerous similar targets in the presence of high levels of noise , high target density , complex motion patterns and intricate interactions . in this p ←
→ language generation with recurrent generative adversarial networks without pre - training ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) have shown great promise recently in image generation . training gans for language generation has proven to be more difficult , because of the non - differentiable nature of generating text with recurrent neural networks . consequently , past work has either resorted to pre - training with maximum - likelihood or used convolutional networks for generation . in this work , we show that recur ←
→ an empirical study on sentiment classification of chinese review using word embedding ; in this article , how word embeddings can be used as features in chinese sentiment classification is presented . firstly , a chinese opinion corpus is built with a million comments from hotel review websites . then the word embeddings which represent each comment are used as input in different machine learning methods for sentiment classification , including svm , logistic regression , convolutional neural network ( cnn ) and e ←
→ transfer adversarial hashing for hamming space retrieval ; hashing is widely applied to large - scale image retrieval due to the storage and retrieval efficiency . existing work on deep hashing assumes that the database in the target domain is identically distributed with the training set in the source domain . this paper relaxes this assumption to a transfer retrieval setting , which allows the database and the training set to come from different but relevant domains . however , the transfer retrieval setting wil ←
→ assessing the players ' performance in the game of bridge : a fuzzy logic approach ; contract bridge occupies nowadays a position of great prestige being , together with chess , the only mind games officially recognized by the international olympic committee . in the present paper an innovative method for assessing the total performance of bridge - players ' belonging to groups of special interest ( e . g . different bridge clubs during a tournament , men and women , new and old players , etc ) is introduced , which is bas ←
→ entropic one - class classifiers ; the one - class classification problem is a well - known research endeavor in pattern recognition . the problem is also known under different names , such as outlier and novelty / anomaly detection . the core of the problem consists in modeling and recognizing patterns belonging only to a so - called target class . all other patterns are termed non - target , and therefore they should be recognized as such . in this paper , we propose a novel one - class classification system that is based on ←
→ the kernel two - sample test for brain networks ; in clinical and neuroscientific studies , systematic differences between two populations of brain networks are investigated in order to characterize mental diseases or processes . those networks are usually represented as graphs built from neuroimaging data and studied by means of graph analysis methods . the typical machine learning approach to study these brain graphs creates a classifier and tests its ability to discriminate the two populations . in contrast to ←
→ composition of deep and spiking neural networks for very low bit rate speech coding ; most current very low bit rate ( vlbr ) speech coding systems use hidden markov model ( hmm ) based speech recognition / synthesis techniques . this allows transmission of information ( such as phonemes ) segment by segment that decreases the bit rate . however , the encoder based on a phoneme speech recognition may create bursts of segmental errors . segmental errors are further propagated to optional suprasegmental ( such as syllab ←
→ on application of the local search and the genetic algorithms techniques to some combinatorial optimization problems ; in this paper the approach to solving several combinatorial optimization problems using the local search and the genetic algorithm techniques is proposed . initially this approach was developed in purpose to overcome some difficulties inhibiting the application of above mentioned techniques to the problems of the questionnaire theory . but when the algorithms were developed it became clear ←
→ automated languages phylogeny from levenshtein distance ; languages evolve over time in a process in which reproduction , mutation and extinction are all possible , similar to what happens to living organisms . using this similarity it is possible , in principle , to build family trees which show the degree of relatedness between languages . the method used by modern glottochronology , developed by swadesh in the 1950s , measures distances from the percentage of words with a common historical origin . the weak poi ←
→ the issue - adjusted ideal point model ; we develop a model of issue - specific voting behavior . this model can be used to explore lawmakers ' personal voting patterns of voting by issue area , providing an exploratory window into how the language of the law is correlated with political support . we derive approximate posterior inference algorithms based on variational methods . across 12 years of legislative data , we demonstrate both improvement in heldout prediction performance and the model ' s utility in interpre ←
→ weakly supervised semantic segmentation based on web image co - segmentation ; training a fully convolutional network ( fcn ) for semantic segmentation requires a large number of masks with pixel level labelling , which involves a large amount of human labour and time for annotation . in contrast , web images and their image - level labels are much easier and cheaper to obtain . in this work , we propose a novel method for weakly supervised semantic segmentation with only image - level labels . the method utilizes the ←
→ energetics of the brain and ai ; does the energy requirements for the human brain give energy constraints that give reason to doubt the feasibility of artificial intelligence ? this report will review some relevant estimates of brain bioenergetics and analyze some of the methods of estimating brain emulation energy requirements . turning to ai , there are reasons to believe the energy requirements for de novo ai to have little correlation with brain ( emulation ) energy requirements since cost could depend merel ←
→ scnn : an accelerator for compressed - sparse convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have emerged as a fundamental technology for machine learning . high performance and extreme energy efficiency are critical for deployments of cnns in a wide range of situations , especially mobile platforms such as autonomous vehicles , cameras , and electronic personal assistants . this paper introduces the sparse cnn ( scnn ) accelerator architecture , which improves performance and energy efficiency b ←
→ computer aided ecg analysis - state of the art and upcoming challenges ; in this paper we present current achievements in computer aided ecg analysis and their applicability in real world medical diagnosis process . most of the current work is covering problems of removing noise , detecting heartbeats and rhythm - based analysis . there are some advancements in particular ecg segments detection and beat classifications but with limited evaluations and without clinical approvals . this paper presents state of the ←
→ towards deep compositional networks ; hierarchical feature learning based on convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) has recently shown significant potential in various computer vision tasks . while allowing high - quality discriminative feature learning , the downside of cnns is the lack of explicit structure in features , which often leads to overfitting , absence of reconstruction from partial observations and limited generative abilities . explicit structure is inherent in hierarchical compositional models , howeve ←
→ non - asymptotic calibration and resolution ; we analyze a new algorithm for probability forecasting of binary observations on the basis of the available data , without making any assumptions about the way the observations are generated . the algorithm is shown to be well calibrated and to have good resolution for long enough sequences of observations and for a suitable choice of its parameter , a kernel on the cartesian product of the forecast space $[ 0 , 1 ]$ and the data space . our main results are non - asymptoti ←
→ using signals to improve automatic classification of temporal relations ; temporal information conveyed by language describes how the world around us changes through time . events , durations and times are all temporal elements that can be viewed as intervals . these intervals are sometimes temporally related in text . automatically determining the nature of such relations is a complex and unsolved problem . some words can act as " signals " which suggest a temporal ordering between intervals . in this paper , we us ←
→ generalized dantzig selector : application to the k - support norm ; we propose a generalized dantzig selector ( gds ) for linear models , in which any norm encoding the parameter structure can be leveraged for estimation . we investigate both computational and statistical aspects of the gds . based on conjugate proximal operator , a flexible inexact admm framework is designed for solving gds , and non - asymptotic high - probability bounds are established on the estimation error , which rely on gaussian width of unit nor ←
→ digital ecosystems : stability of evolving agent populations ; stability is perhaps one of the most desirable features of any engineered system , given the importance of being able to predict its response to various environmental conditions prior to actual deployment . engineered systems are becoming ever more complex , approaching the same levels of biological ecosystems , and so their stability becomes ever more important , but taking on more and more differential dynamics can make stability an ever more elusiv ←
→ a variational perspective on accelerated methods in optimization ; accelerated gradient methods play a central role in optimization , achieving optimal rates in many settings . while many generalizations and extensions of nesterov ' s original acceleration method have been proposed , it is not yet clear what is the natural scope of the acceleration concept . in this paper , we study accelerated methods from a continuous - time perspective . we show that there is a lagrangian functional that we call the \ emph { bregman ←
→ near - separable non - negative matrix factorization with $\ ell_1 $- and bregman loss functions ; recently , a family of tractable nmf algorithms have been proposed under the assumption that the data matrix satisfies a separability condition donoho & stodden ( 2003 ); arora et al . ( 2012 ). geometrically , this condition reformulates the nmf problem as that of finding the extreme rays of the conical hull of a finite set of vectors . in this paper , we develop several extensions of the conical hull procedures of kumar ←
→ formalization of semantic network of image constructions in electronic content ; a formal theory based on a binary operator of directional associative relation is constructed in the article and an understanding of an associative normal form of image constructions is introduced . a model of a commutative semigroup , which provides a presentation of a sentence as three components of an interrogative linguistic image construction , is considered .←
→ instantiation schemes for nested theories ; this paper investigates under which conditions instantiation - based proof procedures can be combined in a nested way , in order to mechanically construct new instantiation procedures for richer theories . interesting applications in the field of verification are emphasized , particularly for handling extensions of the theory of arrays .←
→ calibrated boosting - forest ; excellent ranking power along with well calibrated probability estimates are needed in many classification tasks . in this paper , we introduce a technique , calibrated boosting - forest that captures both . this novel technique is an ensemble of gradient boosting machines that can support both continuous and binary labels . while offering superior ranking power over any individual regression or classification model , calibrated boosting - forest is able to preserve well calibrated poster ←
→ dual control memory augmented neural networks for treatment recommendations ; machine - assisted treatment recommendations hold a promise to reduce physician time and decision errors . we formulate the task as a sequence - to - sequence prediction model that takes the entire time - ordered medical history as input , and predicts a sequence of future clinical procedures and medications . it is built on the premise that an effective treatment plan may have long - term dependencies from previous medical history . we appro ←
→ initial comparison of linguistic networks measures for parallel texts ; this paper presents preliminary results of croatian syllable networks analysis . syllable network is a network in which nodes are syllables and links between them are constructed according to their connections within words . in this paper we analyze networks of syllables generated from texts collected from the croatian wikipedia and blogs . as a main tool we use complex network analysis methods which provide mechanisms that can reveal new ←
→ efficient eigen - updating for spectral graph clustering ; partitioning a graph into groups of vertices such that those within each group are more densely connected than vertices assigned to different groups , known as graph clustering , is often used to gain insight into the organisation of large scale networks and for visualisation purposes . whereas a large number of dedicated techniques have been recently proposed for static graphs , the design of on - line graph clustering methods tailored for evolving network ←
→ heart rate variability and respiration signal as diagnostic tools for late onset sepsis in neonatal intensive care units ; apnea - bradycardia is one of the major clinical early indicators of late - onset sepsis occurring in approximately 7 % to 10 % of all neonates and in more than 25 % of very low birth weight infants in nicu . the objective of this paper was to determine if hrv , respiration and their relationships help to diagnose infection in premature infants via non - invasive ways in nicu . therefore , we impl ←
→ when to update the sequential patterns of stream data ? ; in this paper , we first define a difference measure between the old and new sequential patterns of stream data , which is proved to be a distance . then we propose an experimental method , called tpd ( tradeoff between performance and difference ), to decide when to update the sequential patterns of stream data by making a tradeoff between the performance of increasingly updating algorithms and the difference of sequential patterns . the experiments for the ←
→ on the complexity of connection games ; in this paper , we study three connection games among the most widely played : havannah , twixt , and slither . we show that determining the outcome of an arbitrary input position is pspace - complete in all three cases . our reductions are based on the popular graph problem generalized geography and on hex itself . we also consider the complexity of generalizations of hex parameterized by the length of the solution and establish that while short generalized hex is w [ 1 ]- hard , ←
→ a labelling framework for probabilistic argumentation ; the combination of argumentation and probability paves the way to new accounts of qualitative and quantitative uncertainty , thereby offering new theoretical and applicative opportunities . due to a variety of interests , probabilistic argumentation is approached in the literature with different frameworks , pertaining to structured and abstract argumentation , and with respect to diverse types of uncertainty , in particular the uncertainty on the credibilit ←
→ basic tasks of sentiment analysis ; subjectivity detection is the task of identifying objective and subjective sentences . objective sentences are those which do not exhibit any sentiment . so , it is desired for a sentiment analysis engine to find and separate the objective sentences for further analysis , e . g ., polarity detection . in subjective sentences , opinions can often be expressed on one or multiple topics . aspect extraction is a subtask of sentiment analysis that consists in identifying opinion targets ←
→ long - distance loop closure using general object landmarks ; visual localization under large changes in scale is an important capability in many robotic mapping applications , such as localizing at low altitudes in maps built at high altitudes , or performing loop closure over long distances . existing approaches , however , are robust only up to a 3x difference in scale between map and query images . we propose a novel combination of deep - learning - based object features and hand - engineered point - features that yiel ←
→ weighted contrastive divergence ; learning algorithms for energy based boltzmann architectures that rely on gradient descent are in general computationally prohibitive , typically due to the exponential number of terms involved in computing the partition function . in this way one has to resort to approximation schemes for the evaluation of the gradient . this is the case of restricted boltzmann machines ( rbm ) and its learning algorithm contrastive divergence ( cd ). it is well - known that cd has a number of shor ←
→ deep learning for precipitation nowcasting : a benchmark and a new model ; with the goal of making high - resolution forecasts of regional rainfall , precipitation nowcasting has become an important and fundamental technology underlying various public services ranging from rainstorm warnings to flight safety . recently , the convolutional lstm ( convlstm ) model has been shown to outperform traditional optical flow based methods for precipitation nowcasting , suggesting that deep learning models have a huge potentia ←
→ deep learning and quantum entanglement : fundamental connections with implications to network design ; deep convolutional networks have witnessed unprecedented success in various machine learning applications . formal understanding on what makes these networks so successful is gradually unfolding , but for the most part there are still significant mysteries to unravel . the inductive bias , which reflects prior knowledge embedded in the network architecture , is one of them . in this work , we establish a fundame ←
→ tilde : a temporally invariant learned detector ; we introduce a learning - based approach to detect repeatable keypoints under drastic imaging changes of weather and lighting conditions to which state - of - the - art keypoint detectors are surprisingly sensitive . we first identify good keypoint candidates in multiple training images taken from the same viewpoint . we then train a regressor to predict a score map whose maxima are those points so that they can be found by simple non - maximum suppression . as there are ←
→ measuring offensive speech in online political discourse ; the internet and online forums such as reddit have become an increasingly popular medium for citizens to engage in political conversations . however , the online disinhibition effect resulting from the ability to use pseudonymous identities may manifest in the form of offensive speech , consequently making political discussions more aggressive and polarizing than they already are . such environments may result in harassment and self - censorship from its ←
→ dense associative memory for pattern recognition ; a model of associative memory is studied , which stores and reliably retrieves many more patterns than the number of neurons in the network . we propose a simple duality between this dense associative memory and neural networks commonly used in deep learning . on the associative memory side of this duality , a family of models that smoothly interpolates between two limiting cases can be constructed . one limit is referred to as the feature - matching mode of patte ←
→ reading stockholm riots 2013 in social media by text - mining ; the riots in stockholm in may 2013 were an event that reverberated in the world media for its dimension of violence that had spread through the swedish capital . in this study we have investigated the role of social media in creating media phenomena via text mining and natural language processing . we have focused on two channels of communication for our analysis : twitter and poloniainfo . se ( forum of polish community in sweden ). our preliminary res ←
→ deep learning for case - based reasoning through prototypes : a neural network that explains its predictions ; deep neural networks are widely used for classification . these deep models often suffer from a lack of interpretability -- they are particularly difficult to understand because of their non - linear nature . as a result , neural networks are often treated as " black box " models , and in the past , have been trained purely to optimize the accuracy of predictions . in this work , we create a novel network arch ←
→ creating a real - time , reproducible event dataset ; the generation of political event data has remained much the same since the mid - 1990s , both in terms of data acquisition and the process of coding text into data . since the 1990s , however , there have been significant improvements in open - source natural language processing software and in the availability of digitized news content . this paper presents a new , next - generation event dataset , named phoenix , that builds from these and other advances . this dataset ←
→ loco : distributing ridge regression with random projections ; we propose loco , an algorithm for large - scale ridge regression which distributes the features across workers on a cluster . important dependencies between variables are preserved using structured random projections which are cheap to compute and must only be communicated once . we show that loco obtains a solution which is close to the exact ridge regression solution in the fixed design setting . we verify this experimentally in a simulation study a ←
→ deep reinforcement learning for robotic manipulation with asynchronous off - policy updates ; reinforcement learning holds the promise of enabling autonomous robots to learn large repertoires of behavioral skills with minimal human intervention . however , robotic applications of reinforcement learning often compromise the autonomy of the learning process in favor of achieving training times that are practical for real physical systems . this typically involves introducing hand - engineered policy representation ←
→ data driven exploratory attacks on black box classifiers in adversarial domains ; while modern day web applications aim to create impact at the civilization level , they have become vulnerable to adversarial activity , where the next cyber - attack can take any shape and can originate from anywhere . the increasing scale and sophistication of attacks , has prompted the need for a data driven solution , with machine learning forming the core of many cybersecurity systems . machine learning was not designed with se ←
→ medical diagnosis from laboratory tests by combining generative and discriminative learning ; a primary goal of computational phenotype research is to conduct medical diagnosis . in hospital , physicians rely on massive clinical data to make diagnosis decisions , among which laboratory tests are one of the most important resources . however , the longitudinal and incomplete nature of laboratory test data casts a significant challenge on its interpretation and usage , which may result in harmful decisions by bot ←
→ a methodology for empirical analysis of lod datasets ; cocoe stands for complexity , coherence and entropy , and presents an extensible methodology for empirical analysis of linked open data ( i . e ., rdf graphs ). cocoe can offer answers to questions like : is dataset a better than b for knowledge discovery since it is more complex and informative ?, is dataset x better than y for simple value lookups due its flatter structure ?, etc . in order to address such questions , we introduce a set of well - founded measures b ←
→ sample , computation vs storage tradeoffs for classification using tensor subspace models ; in this paper , we exhibit the tradeoffs between the ( training ) sample , computation and storage complexity for the problem of supervised classification using signal subspace estimation . our main tool is the use of tensor subspaces , i . e . subspaces with a kronecker structure , for embedding the data into lower dimensions . among the subspaces with a kronecker structure , we show that using subspaces with a hierarchical st ←
→ an improved feature descriptor for recognition of handwritten bangla alphabet ; appropriate feature set for representation of pattern classes is one of the most important aspects of handwritten character recognition . the effectiveness of features depends on the discriminating power of the features chosen to represent patterns of different classes . however , discriminatory features are not easily measurable . investigative experimentation is necessary for identifying discriminatory features . in the present w ←
→ marine animal classification with correntropy loss based multi - view learning ; to analyze marine animals behavior , seasonal distribution and abundance , digital imagery can be acquired by visual or lidar camera . depending on the quantity and properties of acquired imagery , the animals are characterized as either features ( shape , color , texture , etc .), or dissimilarity matrices derived from different shape analysis methods ( shape context , internal distance shape context , etc .). for both cases , multi - view le ←
→ group learning and opinion diffusion in a broadcast network ; we analyze the following group learning problem in the context of opinion diffusion : consider a network with $ m $ users , each facing $ n $ options . in a discrete time setting , at each time step , each user chooses $ k $ out of the $ n $ options , and receive randomly generated rewards , whose statistics depend on the options chosen as well as the user itself , and are unknown to the users . each user aims to maximize their expected total rewards over a certa ←
→ on the delays in spiking neural p systems ; in this work we extend and improve the results done in a previous work on simulating spiking neural p systems ( snp systems in short ) with delays using snp systems without delays . we simulate the former with the latter over sequential , iteration , join , and split routing . our results provide constructions so that both systems halt at exactly the same time , start with only one spike , and produce the same number of spikes to the environment after halting .←
→ a concurrent fuzzy - neural network approach for decision support systems ; decision - making is a process of choosing among alternative courses of action for solving complicated problems where multi - criteria objectives are involved . the past few years have witnessed a growing recognition of soft computing technologies that underlie the conception , design and utilization of intelligent systems . several works have been done where engineers and scientists have applied intelligent techniques and heuristics to obta ←
→ improving pairwise ranking for multi - label image classification ; learning to rank has recently emerged as an attractive technique to train deep convolutional neural networks for various computer vision tasks . pairwise ranking , in particular , has been successful in multi - label image classification , achieving state - of - the - art results on various benchmarks . however , most existing approaches use the hinge loss to train their models , which is non - smooth and thus is difficult to optimize especially with deep net ←
→ neural network - based abstract generation for opinions and arguments ; we study the problem of generating abstractive summaries for opinionated text . we propose an attention - based neural network model that is able to absorb information from multiple text units to construct informative , concise , and fluent summaries . an importance - based sampling method is designed to allow the encoder to integrate information from an important subset of input . automatic evaluation indicates that our system outperforms state - o ←
→ leveraging union of subspace structure to improve constrained clustering ; many clustering problems in computer vision and other contexts are also classification problems , where each cluster shares a meaningful label . subspace clustering algorithms in particular are often applied to problems that fit this description , for example with face images or handwritten digits . while it is straightforward to request human input on these datasets , our goal is to reduce this input as much as possible . we present a pai ←
→ example - based image synthesis via randomized patch - matching ; image and texture synthesis is a challenging task that has long been drawing attention in the fields of image processing , graphics , and machine learning . this problem consists of modelling the desired type of images , either through training examples or via a parametric modeling , and then generating images that belong to the same statistical origin . this work addresses the image synthesis task , focusing on two specific families of images -- hand ←
→ enhancement of ssd by concatenating feature maps for object detection ; we propose an object detection method that improves the accuracy of the conventional ssd ( single shot multibox detector ), which is one of the top object detection algorithms in both aspects of accuracy and speed . the performance of a deep network is known to be improved as the number of feature maps increases . however , it is difficult to improve the performance by simply raising the number of feature maps . in this paper , we propose and ←
→ adversarial - playground : a visualization suite showing how adversarial examples fool deep learning ; recent studies have shown that attackers can force deep learning models to misclassify so - called " adversarial examples ": maliciously generated images formed by making imperceptible modifications to pixel values . with growing interest in deep learning for security applications , it is important for security experts and users of machine learning to recognize how learning systems may be attacked . due to the com ←
→ modeling complex domains of actions and change ; this paper studies the problem of modeling complex domains of actions and change within high - level action description languages . we investigate two main issues of concern : ( a ) can we represent complex domains that capture together different problems such as ramifications , non - determinism and concurrency of actions , at a high - level , close to the given natural ontology of the problem domain and ( b ) what features of such a representation can affect , and how , its ←
→ leveraging over intact priors for boosting control and dexterity of prosthetic hands by amputees ; non - invasive myoelectric prostheses require a long training time to obtain satisfactory control dexterity . these training times could possibly be reduced by leveraging over training efforts by previous subjects . so - called domain adaptation algorithms formalize this strategy and have indeed been shown to significantly reduce the amount of required training data for intact subjects for myoelectric movements cl ←
→ controlling linguistic style aspects in neural language generation ; most work on neural natural language generation ( nnlg ) focus on controlling the content of the generated text . we experiment with controlling several stylistic aspects of the generated text , in addition to its content . the method is based on conditioned rnn language model , where the desired content as well as the stylistic parameters serve as conditioning contexts . we demonstrate the approach on the movie reviews domain and show that it is ←
→ prism : person re - identification via structured matching ; person re - identification ( re - id ), an emerging problem in visual surveillance , deals with maintaining entities of individuals whilst they traverse various locations surveilled by a camera network . from a visual perspective re - id is challenging due to significant changes in visual appearance of individuals in cameras with different pose , illumination and calibration . globally the challenge arises from the need to maintain structurally consistent matche ←
→ toward multimodal image - to - image translation ; many image - to - image translation problems are ambiguous , as a single input image may correspond to multiple possible outputs . in this work , we aim to model a \ emph { distribution } of possible outputs in a conditional generative modeling setting . the ambiguity of the mapping is distilled in a low - dimensional latent vector , which can be randomly sampled at test time . a generator learns to map the given input , combined with this latent code , to the output . we explici ←
→ numerical weather prediction or stochastic modeling : an objective criterion of choice for the global radiation forecasting ; numerous methods exist and were developed for global radiation forecasting . the two most popular types are the numerical weather predictions ( nwp ) and the predictions using stochastic approaches . we propose to compute a parameter noted constructed in part from the mutual information which is a quantity that measures the mutual dependence of two variables . both of these are calculate ←
→ a kernel method for canonical correlation analysis ; canonical correlation analysis is a technique to extract common features from a pair of multivariate data . in complex situations , however , it does not extract useful features because of its linearity . on the other hand , kernel method used in support vector machine is an efficient approach to improve such a linear method . in this paper , we investigate the effectiveness of applying kernel method to canonical correlation analysis .←
→ learning to reason with adaptive computation ; multi - hop inference is necessary for machine learning systems to successfully solve tasks such as recognising textual entailment and machine reading . in this work , we demonstrate the effectiveness of adaptive computation for learning the number of inference steps required for examples of different complexity and that learning the correct number of inference steps is difficult . we introduce the first model involving adaptive computation time which provides a sma ←
→ transmitting a signal by amplitude modulation in a chaotic network ; we discuss the ability of a network with non linear relays and chaotic dynamics to transmit signals , on the basis of a linear response theory developed by ruelle \ cite { ruelle } for dissipative systems . we show in particular how the dynamics interfere with the graph topology to produce an effective transmission network , whose topology depends on the signal , and cannot be directly read on the `` wired '' network . this leads one to reconsider no ←
→ multi - region neural representation : a novel model for decoding visual stimuli in human brains ; multivariate pattern ( mvp ) classification holds enormous potential for decoding visual stimuli in the human brain by employing task - based fmri data sets . there is a wide range of challenges in the mvp techniques , i . e . decreasing noise and sparsity , defining effective regions of interest ( rois ), visualizing results , and the cost of brain studies . in overcoming these challenges , this paper proposes a novel model ←
→ modeling semantic expectation : using script knowledge for referent prediction ; recent research in psycholinguistics has provided increasing evidence that humans predict upcoming content . prediction also affects perception and might be a key to robustness in human language processing . in this paper , we investigate the factors that affect human prediction by building a computational model that can predict upcoming discourse referents based on linguistic knowledge alone vs . linguistic knowledge jointly with ←
→ fast gesture recognition with multiple stream discrete hmms on 3d skeletons ; hmms are widely used in action and gesture recognition due to their implementation simplicity , low computational requirement , scalability and high parallelism . they have worth performance even with a limited training set . all these characteristics are hard to find together in other even more accurate methods . in this paper , we propose a novel double - stage classification approach , based on multiple stream discrete hidden markov m ←
→ properties of the discrete pulse transform for multi - dimensional arrays ; this report presents properties of the discrete pulse transform on multi - dimensional arrays introduced by the authors two or so years ago . the main result given here in lemma 2 . 1 is also formulated in a paper to appear in ieee transactions on image processing . however , the proof , being too technical , was omitted there and hence it appears in full in this publication .←
→ conversational markers of constructive discussions ; group discussions are essential for organizing every aspect of modern life , from faculty meetings to senate debates , from grant review panels to papal conclaves . while costly in terms of time and organization effort , group discussions are commonly seen as a way of reaching better decisions compared to solutions that do not require coordination between the individuals ( e . g . voting )--- through discussion , the sum becomes greater than the parts . however , this ←
→ sparse pseudo - input local kriging for large non - stationary spatial datasets with exogenous variables ; gaussian process ( gp ) regression is a powerful tool for building predictive models for spatial systems . however , it does not scale efficiently for large datasets . particularly , for high - dimensional spatial datasets , i . e ., spatial datasets that contain exogenous variables , the performance of gp regression further deteriorates . this paper presents the sparse pseudo - input local kriging ( splk ) which approxim ←
→ partially specified belief functions ; this paper presents a procedure to determine a complete belief function from the known values of belief for some of the subsets of the frame of discerment . the method is based on the principle of minimum commitment and a new principle called the focusing principle . this additional principle is based on the idea that belief is specified for the most relevant sets : the focal elements . the resulting procedure is compared with existing methods of building complete belief f ←
→ learning simple auctions ; we present a general framework for proving polynomial sample complexity bounds for the problem of learning from samples the best auction in a class of " simple " auctions . our framework captures all of the most prominent examples of " simple " auctions , including anonymous and non - anonymous item and bundle pricings , with either a single or multiple buyers . the technique we propose is to break the analysis of auctions into two natural pieces . first , one shows that the set of allocation ←
→ 3d anisotropic hybrid network : transferring convolutional features from 2d images to 3d anisotropic volumes ; while deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have been successfully applied for 2d image analysis , it is still challenging to apply them to 3d anisotropic volumes , especially when the within - slice resolution is much higher than the between - slice resolution and when the amount of 3d volumes is relatively small . on one hand , direct learning of cnn with 3d convolution kernels suffers from the lack ←
→ generating triples with adversarial networks for scene graph construction ; driven by successes in deep learning , computer vision research has begun to move beyond object detection and image classification to more sophisticated tasks like image captioning or visual question answering . motivating such endeavors is the desire for models to capture not only objects present in an image , but more fine - grained aspects of a scene such as relationships between objects and their attributes . scene graphs provide a ←
→ effective inference for generative neural parsing ; generative neural models have recently achieved state - of - the - art results for constituency parsing . however , without a feasible search procedure , their use has so far been limited to reranking the output of external parsers in which decoding is more tractable . we describe an alternative to the conventional action - level beam search used for discriminative neural models that enables us to decode directly in these generative models . we then show that by improv ←
→ objective micro - facial movement detection using facs - based regions and baseline evaluation ; micro - facial expressions are regarded as an important human behavioural event that can highlight emotional deception . spotting these movements is difficult for humans and machines , however research into using computer vision to detect subtle facial expressions is growing in popularity . this paper proposes an individualised baseline micro - movement detection method using 3d histogram of oriented gradients ( 3d hog ) t ←
→ performance bounds for lambda policy iteration and application to the game of tetris ; we consider the discrete - time infinite - horizon optimal control problem formalized by markov decision processes . we revisit the work of bertsekas and ioffe , that introduced $\ lambda $ policy iteration , a family of algorithms parameterized by $\ lambda $ that generalizes the standard algorithms value iteration and policy iteration , and has some deep connections with the temporal differences algorithm td ($\ lambda $) described ←
→ ultimate approximations in nonmonotonic knowledge representation systems ; we study fixpoints of operators on lattices . to this end we introduce the notion of an approximation of an operator . we order approximations by means of a precision ordering . we show that each lattice operator o has a unique most precise or ultimate approximation . we demonstrate that fixpoints of this ultimate approximation provide useful insights into fixpoints of the operator o . we apply our theory to logic programming and introd ←
→ a new medical diagnosis method based on z - numbers ; how to handle uncertainty in medical diagnosis is an open issue . in this paper , a new decision making methodology based on z - numbers is presented . firstly , the experts ' opinions are represented by z - numbers . z - number is an ordered pair of fuzzy numbers denoted as z = ( a , b ). then , a new method for ranking fuzzy numbers is proposed . and based on the proposed fuzzy number ranking method , a novel method is presented to transform the z - numbers into basic proba ←
→ neural stereoscopic image style transfer ; neural style transfer is an emerging technique which is able to endow daily - life images with attractive artistic styles . previous work has succeeded in applying convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to style transfer for monocular images or videos . however , style transfer for stereoscopic images is still a missing piece . different from processing a monocular image , the two views of a stylized stereoscopic pair are required to be consistent to provide the observer a co ←
→ artificial neural networks and their applications ; the artificial neural network is a functional imitation of simplified model of the biological neurons and their goal is to construct useful computers for real world problems . the ann applications have increased dramatically in the last few years fired by both theoretical and practical applications in a wide variety of applications . a brief theory of ann is presented and potential areas are identified and future trends are discussed .←
→ sign language recognition using temporal classification ; devices like the myo armband available in the market today enable us to collect data about the position of a user ' s hands and fingers over time . we can use these technologies for sign language translation since each sign is roughly a combination of gestures across time . in this work , we utilize a dataset collected by a group at the university of south wales , which contains parameters , such as hand position , hand rotation , and finger bend , for 95 uniq ←
→ learning time series detection models from temporally imprecise labels ; in this paper , we consider a new low - quality label learning problem : learning time series detection models from temporally imprecise labels . in this problem , the data consist of a set of input time series , and supervision is provided by a sequence of noisy time stamps corresponding to the occurrence of positive class events . such temporally imprecise labels commonly occur in areas like mobile health research where human annotators are ←
→ compressive nonparametric graphical model selection for time series ; we propose a method for inferring the conditional indepen - dence graph ( cig ) of a high - dimensional discrete - time gaus - sian vector random process from finite - length observations . our approach does not rely on a parametric model ( such as , e . g ., an autoregressive model ) for the vector random process ; rather , it only assumes certain spectral smoothness proper - ties . the proposed inference scheme is compressive in that it works for sample siz ←
→ reinforcement learning : a survey ; this paper surveys the field of reinforcement learning from a computer - science perspective . it is written to be accessible to researchers familiar with machine learning . both the historical basis of the field and a broad selection of current work are summarized . reinforcement learning is the problem faced by an agent that learns behavior through trial - and - error interactions with a dynamic environment . the work described here has a resemblance to work in psychology , but dif ←
→ practical machine learning for cloud intrusion detection : challenges and the way forward ; operationalizing machine learning based security detections is extremely challenging , especially in a continuously evolving cloud environment . conventional anomaly detection does not produce satisfactory results for analysts that are investigating security incidents in the cloud . model evaluation alone presents its own set of problems due to a lack of benchmark datasets . when deploying these detections , we must deal ←
→ neural associative memory for dual - sequence modeling ; many important nlp problems can be posed as dual - sequence or sequence - to - sequence modeling tasks . recent advances in building end - to - end neural architectures have been highly successful in solving such tasks . in this work we propose a new architecture for dual - sequence modeling that is based on associative memory . we derive am - rnns , a recurrent associative memory ( am ) which augments generic recurrent neural networks ( rnn ). this architecture is extended ←
→ irreflexive and hierarchical relations as translations ; we consider the problem of embedding entities and relations of knowledge bases in low - dimensional vector spaces . unlike most existing approaches , which are primarily efficient for modeling equivalence relations , our approach is designed to explicitly model irreflexive relations , such as hierarchies , by interpreting them as translations operating on the low - dimensional embeddings of the entities . preliminary experiments show that , despite its simplicit ←
→ rumors in a network : who ' s the culprit ? ; we provide a systematic study of the problem of finding the source of a rumor in a network . we model rumor spreading in a network with a variant of the popular sir model and then construct an estimator for the rumor source . this estimator is based upon a novel topological quantity which we term \ textbf { rumor centrality }. we establish that this is an ml estimator for a class of graphs . we find the following surprising threshold phenomenon : on trees which grow faster ←
→ data dependent kernel approximation using pseudo random fourier features ; kernel methods are powerful and flexible approach to solve many problems in machine learning . due to the pairwise evaluations in kernel methods , the complexity of kernel computation grows as the data size increases ; thus the applicability of kernel methods is limited for large scale datasets . random fourier features ( rff ) has been proposed to scale the kernel method for solving large scale datasets by approximating kernel function us ←
→ efficiency and sequenceability in fair division of indivisible goods with additive preferences ; in fair division of indivisible goods , using sequences of sincere choices ( or picking sequences ) is a natural way to allocate the objects . the idea is the following : at each stage , a designated agent picks one object among those that remain . this paper , restricted to the case where the agents have numerical additive preferences over objects , revisits to some extent the seminal paper by brams and king [ 9 ] which ←
→ learning the number of autoregressive mixtures in time series using the gap statistics ; using a proper model to characterize a time series is crucial in making accurate predictions . in this work we use time - varying autoregressive process ( tvar ) to describe non - stationary time series and model it as a mixture of multiple stable autoregressive ( ar ) processes . we introduce a new model selection technique based on gap statistics to learn the appropriate number of ar filters needed to model a time series . we ←
→ interaction screening : efficient and sample - optimal learning of ising models ; we consider the problem of learning the underlying graph of an unknown ising model on p spins from a collection of i . i . d . samples generated from the model . we suggest a new estimator that is computationally efficient and requires a number of samples that is near - optimal with respect to previously established information - theoretic lower - bound . our statistical estimator has a physical interpretation in terms of " interaction scree ←
→ adaptive bayesian sampling with monte carlo em ; we present a novel technique for learning the mass matrices in samplers obtained from discretized dynamics that preserve some energy function . existing adaptive samplers use riemannian preconditioning techniques , where the mass matrices are functions of the parameters being sampled . this leads to significant complexities in the energy reformulations and resultant dynamics , often leading to implicit systems of equations and requiring inversion of high - dimensio ←
→ summarunner : a recurrent neural network based sequence model for extractive summarization of documents ; we present summarunner , a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) based sequence model for extractive summarization of documents and show that it achieves performance better than or comparable to state - of - the - art . our model has the additional advantage of being very interpretable , since it allows visualization of its predictions broken up by abstract features such as information content , salience and novelty . a ←
→ sparse and robust reject option classifier using successive linear programming ; in this paper , we propose a new sparse and robust reject option classifier based on minimization of $ l_1 $ regularized risk under double ramp loss $ l_ { dr ,\ rho }$. we use dc programming to find the risk minimizer . the algorithm solves a sequence of linear programs to learn the reject option classifier . moreover , we show that the risk under $ l_ { dr ,\ rho }$ is minimized by generalized bayes classifier in the reject option setting . w ←
→ anmm : ranking short answer texts with attention - based neural matching model ; as an alternative to question answering methods based on feature engineering , deep learning approaches such as convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) and long short - term memory models ( lstms ) have recently been proposed for semantic matching of questions and answers . to achieve good results , however , these models have been combined with additional features such as word overlap or bm25 scores . without this combination , these models ←
→ color space transformation network ; deep networks have become very popular over the past few years . the main reason for this widespread use is their excellent ability to learn and predict knowledge in a very easy and efficient way . convolutional neural networks and auto - encoders have become the normal in the area of imaging and computer vision achieving unprecedented accuracy levels in many applications . the most common strategy is to build and train networks with many layers by tuning their hyper - paramete ←
→ using n - grams models for visual semantic place recognition ; the aim of this paper is to present a new method for visual place recognition . our system combines global image characterization and visual words , which allows to use efficient bayesian filtering methods to integrate several images . more precisely , we extend the classical hmm model with techniques inspired by the field of natural language processing . this paper presents our system and the bayesian filtering algorithm . the performance of our system ←
→ negation in the head of cp - logic rules ; cp - logic is a probabilistic extension of the logic fo ( id ). unlike asp , both of these logics adhere to a tarskian informal semantics , in which interpretations represent objective states - of - affairs . in other words , these logics lack the epistemic component of asp , in which interpretations represent the beliefs or knowledge of a rational agent . consequently , neither cp - logic nor fo ( id ) have the need for two kinds of negations : there is only one negation , and its meaning ←
→ who clicks there !: anonymizing the photographer in a camera saturated society ; in recent years , social media has played an increasingly important role in reporting world events . the publication of crowd - sourced photographs and videos in near real - time is one of the reasons behind the high impact . however , the use of a camera can draw the photographer into a situation of conflict . examples include the use of cameras by regulators collecting evidence of mafia operations ; citizens collecting evidence of cor ←
→ improvements to deep convolutional neural networks for lvcsr ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are more powerful than deep neural networks ( dnn ), as they are able to better reduce spectral variation in the input signal . this has also been confirmed experimentally , with cnns showing improvements in word error rate ( wer ) between 4 - 12 % relative compared to dnns across a variety of lvcsr tasks . in this paper , we describe different methods to further improve cnn performance . first , we conduct a deep an ←
→ deep learning for detecting robotic grasps ; we consider the problem of detecting robotic grasps in an rgb - d view of a scene containing objects . in this work , we apply a deep learning approach to solve this problem , which avoids time - consuming hand - design of features . this presents two main challenges . first , we need to evaluate a huge number of candidate grasps . in order to make detection fast , as well as robust , we present a two - step cascaded structure with two deep networks , where the top detections from ←
→ intrusion detection using continuous time bayesian networks ; intrusion detection systems ( idss ) fall into two high - level categories : network - based systems ( nids ) that monitor network behaviors , and host - based systems ( hids ) that monitor system calls . in this work , we present a general technique for both systems . we use anomaly detection , which identifies patterns not conforming to a historic norm . in both types of systems , the rates of change vary dramatically over time ( due to burstiness ) and over compone ←
→ training rnns as fast as cnns ; common recurrent neural network architectures scale poorly due to the intrinsic difficulty in parallelizing their state computations . in this work , we propose the simple recurrent unit ( sru ) architecture , a recurrent unit that simplifies the computation and exposes more parallelism . in sru , the majority of computation for each step is independent of the recurrence and can be easily parallelized . sru is as fast as a convolutional layer and 5 - 10x faster than an optimized lstm i ←
→ predictive support recovery with tv - elastic net penalty and logistic regression : an application to structural mri ; the use of machine - learning in neuroimaging offers new perspectives in early diagnosis and prognosis of brain diseases . although such multivariate methods can capture complex relationships in the data , traditional approaches provide irregular ( l2 penalty ) or scattered ( l1 penalty ) predictive pattern with a very limited relevance . a penalty like total variation ( tv ) that exploits the natural ←
→ a comment on " analysis of video image sequences using point and line correspondences " ; in this paper we would like to deny the results of wang et al . raising two fundamental claims : * a line does not contribute anything to recognition of motion parameters from two images * four traceable points are not sufficient to recover motion parameters from two perspective to be constructive , however , we show that four traceable points are sufficient to recover motion parameters from two frames under orthogon ←
→ mining relevant interval rules ; this article extends the method of garriga et al . for mining relevant rules to numerical attributes by extracting interval - based pattern rules . we propose an algorithm that extracts such rules from numerical datasets using the interval - pattern approach from kaytoue et al . this algorithm has been implemented and evaluated on real datasets .←
→ on abruptly - changing and slowly - varying multiarmed bandit problems ; we study the non - stationary stochastic multiarmed bandit ( mab ) problem and propose two generic algorithms , namely , the limited memory deterministic sequencing of exploration and exploitation ( lm - dsee ) and the sliding - window upper confidence bound # ( sw - ucb #). we rigorously analyze these algorithms in abruptly - changing and slowly - varying environments and characterize their performance . we show that the expected cumulative regret for these al ←
→ inferring interpersonal relations in narrative summaries ; characterizing relationships between people is fundamental for the understanding of narratives . in this work , we address the problem of inferring the polarity of relationships between people in narrative summaries . we formulate the problem as a joint structured prediction for each narrative , and present a model that combines evidence from linguistic and semantic features , as well as features based on the structure of the social community in the text ←
→ neural method for explicit mapping of quasi - curvature locally linear embedding in image retrieval ; this paper proposed a new explicit nonlinear dimensionality reduction using neural networks for image retrieval tasks . we first proposed a quasi - curvature locally linear embedding ( qlle ) for training set . qlle guarantees the linear criterion in neighborhood of each sample . then , a neural method ( nm ) is proposed for out - of - sample problem . combining qlle and nm , we provide a explicit nonlinear dimensionality ←
→ learning attitudes and attributes from multi - aspect reviews ; the majority of online reviews consist of plain - text feedback together with a single numeric score . however , there are multiple dimensions to products and opinions , and understanding the ` aspects ' that contribute to users ' ratings may help us to better understand their individual preferences . for example , a user ' s impression of an audiobook presumably depends on aspects such as the story and the narrator , and knowing their opinions on these aspec ←
→ membrane - dependent neuromorphic learning rule for unsupervised spike pattern detection ; several learning rules for synaptic plasticity , that depend on either spike timing or internal state variables , have been proposed in the past imparting varying computational capabilities to spiking neural networks . due to design complications these learning rules are typically not implemented on neuromorphic devices leaving the devices to be only capable of inference . in this work we propose a unidirectional post - syn ←
→ algorithmic identification of probabilities ; tthe problem is to identify a probability associated with a set of natural numbers , given an infinite data sequence of elements from the set . if the given sequence is drawn i . i . d . and the probability mass function involved ( the target ) belongs to a computably enumerable ( c . e .) or co - computably enumerable ( co - c . e .) set of computable probability mass functions , then there is an algorithm to almost surely identify the target in the limit . the technical tool is the ←
→ uncertain reasoning using maximum entropy inference ; the use of maximum entropy inference in reasoning with uncertain information is commonly justified by an information - theoretic argument . this paper discusses a possible objection to this information - theoretic justification and shows how it can be met . i then compare maximum entropy inference with certain other currently popular methods for uncertain reasoning . in making such a comparison , one must distinguish between static and dynamic theories of degree ←
→ joint space neural probabilistic language model for statistical machine translation ; a neural probabilistic language model ( nplm ) provides an idea to achieve the better perplexity than n - gram language model and their smoothed language models . this paper investigates application area in bilingual nlp , specifically statistical machine translation ( smt ). we focus on the perspectives that nplm has potential to open the possibility to complement potentially ` huge ' monolingual resources into the ` resource - cons ←
→ combinational neural network using gabor filters for the classification of handwritten digits ; a classification algorithm that combines the components of k - nearest neighbours and multilayer neural networks has been designed and tested . with this method the computational time required for training the dataset has been reduced substancially . gabor filters were used for the feature extraction to ensure a better performance . this algorithm is tested with mnist dataset and it will be integrated as a module in ←
→ some considerations on how the human brain must be arranged in order to make its replication in a thinking machine possible ; for the most of my life , i have earned my living as a computer vision professional busy with image processing tasks and problems . in the computer vision community there is a widespread belief that artificial vision systems faithfully replicate human vision abilities or at least very closely mimic them . it was a great surprise to me when one day i have realized that computer and hum ←
→ an evolutionary stochastic - local - search framework for one - dimensional cutting - stock problems ; we introduce an evolutionary stochastic - local - search ( sls ) algorithm for addressing a generalized version of the so - called 1 / v / d / r cutting - stock problem . cutting - stock problems are encountered often in industrial environments and the ability to address them efficiently usually results in large economic benefits . traditionally linear - programming - based techniques have been utilized to address such problems , howeve ←
→ a deep generative deconvolutional image model ; a deep generative model is developed for representation and analysis of images , based on a hierarchical convolutional dictionary - learning framework . stochastic {\ em unpooling } is employed to link consecutive layers in the model , yielding top - down image generation . a bayesian support vector machine is linked to the top - layer features , yielding max - margin discrimination . deep deconvolutional inference is employed when testing , to infer the latent features , and t ←
→ taxonomy induction using hypernym subsequences ; we propose a novel , semi - supervised approach towards domain taxonomy induction from an input vocabulary of seed terms . unlike all previous approaches , which typically extract direct hypernym edges for terms , our approach utilizes a novel probabilistic framework to extract hypernym subsequences . taxonomy induction from extracted subsequences is cast as an instance of the minimumcost flow problem on a carefully designed directed graph . through experiments , we d ←
→ visualizing and exploring dynamic high - dimensional datasets with lion - tsne ; t - distributed stochastic neighbor embedding ( tsne ) is a popular and prize - winning approach for dimensionality reduction and visualizing high - dimensional data . however , tsne is non - parametric : once visualization is built , tsne is not designed to incorporate additional data into existing representation . it highly limits the applicability of tsne to the scenarios where data are added or updated over time ( like dashboards or series o ←
→ graph based e - government web service composition ; nowadays , e - government has emerged as a government policy to improve the quality and efficiency of public administrations . by exploiting the potential of new information and communication technologies , government agencies are providing a wide spectrum of online services . these services are composed of several web services that comply with well defined processes . one of the big challenges is the need to optimize the composition of the elementary web services ←
→ distributed deep learning for question answering ; this paper is an empirical study of the distributed deep learning for question answering subtasks : answer selection and question classification . comparison studies of sgd , msgd , adadelta , adagrad , adam / adamax , rmsprop , downpour and easgd / eamsgd algorithms have been presented . experimental results show that the distributed framework based on the message passing interface can accelerate the convergence speed at a sublinear scale . this paper demonstrates the i ←
→ on the possibility of making the complete computer model of a human brain ; the development of the algorithm of a neural network building by the corresponding parts of a dna code is discussed .←
→ a multiresolution clinical decision support system based on fractal model design for classification of histological brain tumours ; tissue texture is known to exhibit a heterogeneous or non - stationary nature , therefore using a single resolution approach for optimum classification might not suffice . a clinical decision support system that exploits the subband textural fractal characteristics for best bases selection of meningioma brain histopathological image classification is proposed . each subband is ana ←
→ regret vs . communication : distributed stochastic multi - armed bandits and beyond ; in this paper , we consider the distributed stochastic multi - armed bandit problem , where a global arm set can be accessed by multiple players independently . the players are allowed to exchange their history of observations with each other at specific points in time . we study the relationship between regret and communication . when the time horizon is known , we propose the over - exploration strategy , which only requires one - roun ←
→ mobile keyboard input decoding with finite - state transducers ; we propose a finite - state transducer ( fst ) representation for the models used to decode keyboard inputs on mobile devices . drawing from learnings from the field of speech recognition , we describe a decoding framework that can satisfy the strict memory and latency constraints of keyboard input . we extend this framework to support functionalities typically not present in speech recognition , such as literal decoding , autocorrections , word completio ←
→ reinforced decision trees ; in order to speed - up classification models when facing a large number of categories , one usual approach consists in organizing the categories in a particular structure , this structure being then used as a way to speed - up the prediction computation . this is for example the case when using error - correcting codes or even hierarchies of categories . but in the majority of approaches , this structure is chosen \ textit { by hand }, or during a preliminary step , and not integrated in the lea ←
→ a fully convolutional tri - branch network ( fctn ) for domain adaptation ; a domain adaptation method for urban scene segmentation is proposed in this work . we develop a fully convolutional tri - branch network , where two branches assign pseudo labels to images in the unlabeled target domain while the third branch is trained with supervision based on images in the pseudo - labeled target domain . the re - labeling and re - training processes alternate . with this design , the tri - branch network learns target - specific dis ←
→ attention based sentence extraction from scientific articles using pseudo - labeled data ; in this work , we present a weakly supervised sentence extraction technique for identifying important sentences in scientific papers that are worthy of inclusion in the abstract . we propose a new attention based deep learning architecture that jointly learns to identify important content , as well as the cue phrases that are indicative of summary worthy sentences . we propose a new context embedding technique for determi ←
→ deep latent dirichlet allocation with topic - layer - adaptive stochastic gradient riemannian mcmc ; it is challenging to develop stochastic gradient based scalable inference for deep discrete latent variable models ( lvms ), due to the difficulties in not only computing the gradients , but also adapting the step sizes to different latent factors and hidden layers . for the poisson gamma belief network ( pgbn ), a recently proposed deep discrete lvm , we derive an alternative representation that is referred to as de ←
→ inertial odometry on handheld smartphones ; building a complete inertial navigation system using the limited quality data provided by current smartphones has been regarded challenging , if not impossible . we present a probabilistic approach for orientation and use - case free inertial odometry , which is based on double - integrating rotated accelerations . our approach uses a probabilistic approach in fusing the noisy sensor data and learning the model parameters online . it is able to track the phone position , ve ←
→ cluster - based specification techniques in dempster - shafer theory for an evidential intelligence analysis of multipletarget tracks ( thesis abstract ) ; in intelligence analysis it is of vital importance to manage uncertainty . intelligence data is almost always uncertain and incomplete , making it necessary to reason and taking decisions under uncertainty . one way to manage the uncertainty in intelligence analysis is dempster - shafer theory . this thesis contains five results regarding multiple target tracks an ←
→ thou shalt is not you will ; in this paper we discuss some reasons why temporal logic might not be suitable to model real life norms . to show this , we present a novel deontic logic contrary - to - duty / derived permission paradox based on the interaction of obligations , permissions and contrary - to - duty obligations . the paradox is inspired by real life norms .←
→ invariances and data augmentation for supervised music transcription ; this paper explores a variety of models for frame - based music transcription , with an emphasis on the methods needed to reach state - of - the - art on human recordings . the translation - invariant network discussed in this paper , which combines a traditional filterbank with a convolutional neural network , was the top - performing model in the 2017 mirex multiple fundamental frequency estimation evaluation . this class of models shares parameters in ←
→ universal function approximation by deep neural nets with bounded width and relu activations ; this article concerns the expressive power of depth in neural nets with relu activations and bounded width . we are particularly interested in the following questions : what is the minimal width $ w_ {\ text { min }}( d )$ so that relu nets of width $ w_ {\ text { min }}( d )$ ( and arbitrary depth ) can approximate any continuous function on the unit cube $[ 0 , 1 ]^ d $ aribitrarily well ? for relu nets near this minimal width , what can ←
→ training probabilistic spiking neural networks with first - to - spike decoding ; third - generation neural networks , or spiking neural networks ( snns ), aim at harnessing the energy efficiency of spike - domain processing by building on computing elements that operate on , and exchange , spikes . in this paper , the problem of training a two - layer snn is studied for the purpose of classification , under a generalized linear model ( glm ) probabilistic neural model that was previously considered within the computational ←
→ scaling up coordinate descent algorithms for large $\ ell_1 $ regularization problems ; we present a generic framework for parallel coordinate descent ( cd ) algorithms that includes , as special cases , the original sequential algorithms cyclic cd and stochastic cd , as well as the recent parallel shotgun algorithm . we introduce two novel parallel algorithms that are also special cases --- thread - greedy cd and coloring - based cd --- and give performance measurements for an openmp implementation of these .←
→ towards clinical diagnosis : automated stroke lesion segmentation on multimodal mr image using convolutional neural network ; the patient with ischemic stroke can benefit most from the earliest possible definitive diagnosis . while the high quality medical resources are quite scarce across the globe , an automated diagnostic tool is expected in analyzing the magnetic resonance ( mr ) images to provide reference in clinical diagnosis . in this paper , we propose a deep learning method to automatically segment isc ←
→ a variational inequality perspective on generative adversarial nets ; stability has been a recurrent issue in training generative adversarial networks ( gans ). one common way to tackle this issue has been to propose new formulations of the gan objective . yet , surprisingly few studies have looked at optimization methods specifically designed for this adversarial training . in this work , we review the " variational inequality " framework which contains most formulations of the gan objective introduced so far . tap ←
→ deeparchitect : automatically designing and training deep architectures ; in deep learning , performance is strongly affected by the choice of architecture and hyperparameters . while there has been extensive work on automatic hyperparameter optimization for simple spaces , complex spaces such as the space of deep architectures remain largely unexplored . as a result , the choice of architecture is done manually by the human expert through a slow trial and error process guided mainly by intuition . in this paper w ←
→ meta - prod2vec - product embeddings using side - information for recommendation ; we propose meta - prod2vec , a novel method to compute item similarities for recommendation that leverages existing item metadata . such scenarios are frequently encountered in applications such as content recommendation , ad targeting and web search . our method leverages past user interactions with items and their attributes to compute low - dimensional embeddings of items . specifically , the item metadata is in - jected into the model ←
→ performance analysis of neural network models for oxazolines and oxazoles derivatives descriptor dataset ; neural networks have been used successfully to a broad range of areas such as business , data mining , drug discovery and biology . in medicine , neural networks have been applied widely in medical diagnosis , detection and evaluation of new drugs and treatment cost estimation . in addition , neural networks have begin practice in data mining strategies for the aim of prediction , knowledge discovery . this p ←
→ response to liu , xu , and liang ( 2015 ) and ferrer - i - cancho and gómez - rodríguez ( 2015 ) on dependency length minimization ; we address recent criticisms ( liu et al ., 2015 ; ferrer - i - cancho and g \' omez - rodr \' iguez , 2015 ) of our work on empirical evidence of dependency length minimization across languages ( futrell et al ., 2015 ). first , we acknowledge error in failing to acknowledge liu ( 2008 )' s previous work on corpora of 20 languages with similar aims . a correction will appear in pnas . nevertheless , we argue t ←
→ representation results for defeasible logic ; the importance of transformations and normal forms in logic programming , and generally in computer science , is well documented . this paper investigates transformations and normal forms in the context of defeasible logic , a simple but efficient formalism for nonmonotonic reasoning based on rules and priorities . the transformations described in this paper have two main benefits : on one hand they can be used as a theoretical tool that leads to a deeper understandin ←
→ transflow : unsupervised motion flow by joint geometric and pixel - level estimation ; we address unsupervised optical flow estimation for ego - centric motion . we argue that optical flow can be cast as a geometrical warping between two successive video frames and devise a deep architecture to estimate such transformation in two stages . first , a dense pixel - level flow is computed with a geometric prior imposing strong spatial constraints . such prior is typical of driving scenes , where the point of view is cohe ←
→ large scale business discovery from street level imagery ; search with local intent is becoming increasingly useful due to the popularity of the mobile device . the creation and maintenance of accurate listings of local businesses worldwide is time consuming and expensive . in this paper , we propose an approach to automatically discover businesses that are visible on street level imagery . precise business store front detection enables accurate geo - location of businesses , and further provides input for busines ←
→ hybrid template update system for unimodal biometric systems ; semi - supervised template update systems allow to automatically take into account the intra - class variability of the biometric data over time . such systems can be inefficient by including too many impostor ' s samples or skipping too many genuine ' s samples . in the first case , the biometric reference drifts from the real biometric data and attracts more often impostors . in the second case , the biometric reference does not evolve quickly enough and a ←
→ deep optical flow estimation via multi - scale correspondence structure learning ; as an important and challenging problem in computer vision , learning based optical flow estimation aims to discover the intrinsic correspondence structure between two adjacent video frames through statistical learning . therefore , a key issue to solve in this area is how to effectively model the multi - scale correspondence structure properties in an adaptive end - to - end learning fashion . motivated by this observation , we propose ←
→ semi - supervised convolutional neural networks for human activity recognition ; labeled data used for training activity recognition classifiers are usually limited in terms of size and diversity . thus , the learned model may not generalize well when used in real - world use cases . semi - supervised learning augments labeled examples with unlabeled examples , often resulting in improved performance . however , the semi - supervised methods studied in the activity recognition literatures assume that feature engineerin ←
→ exploring the use of text classification in the legal domain ; in this paper , we investigate the application of text classification methods to support law professionals . we present several experiments applying machine learning techniques to predict with high accuracy the ruling of the french supreme court and the law area to which a case belongs to . we also investigate the influence of the time period in which a ruling was made on the form of the case description and the extent to which we need to mask info ←
→ fast multi - output relevance vector regression ; this paper aims to decrease the time complexity of multi - output relevance vector regression from o ( vm ^ 3 ) to o ( v ^ 3 + m ^ 3 ), where v is the number of output dimensions , m is the number of basis functions , and v < m . the experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method is more competitive than the existing method , with regard to computation time . matlab codes are available at http :// www . mathworks . com / matlabcentral / fileexchange / 49131 .←
→ on natural language generation of formal argumentation ; in this paper we provide a first analysis of the research questions that arise when dealing with the problem of communicating pieces of formal argumentation through natural language interfaces . it is a generally held opinion that formal models of argumentation naturally capture human argument , and some preliminary studies have focused on justifying this view . unfortunately , the results are not only inconclusive , but seem to suggest that explaining for ←
→ traffic flow forecasting using a spatio - temporal bayesian network predictor ; a novel predictor for traffic flow forecasting , namely spatio - temporal bayesian network predictor , is proposed . unlike existing methods , our approach incorporates all the spatial and temporal information available in a transportation network to carry our traffic flow forecasting of the current site . the pearson correlation coefficient is adopted to rank the input variables ( traffic flows ) for prediction , and the best - first strat ←
→ local kernels that approximate bayesian regularization and proximal operators ; in this work , we broadly connect kernel - based filtering ( e . g . approaches such as the bilateral filters and nonlocal means , but also many more ) with general variational formulations of bayesian regularized least squares , and the related concept of proximal operators . the latter set of variational / bayesian / proximal formulations often result in optimization problems that do not have closed - form solutions , and therefore typically ←
→ obtaining accurate probabilistic causal inference by post - processing calibration ; discovery of an accurate causal bayesian network structure from observational data can be useful in many areas of science . often the discoveries are made under uncertainty , which can be expressed as probabilities . to guide the use of such discoveries , including directing further investigation , it is important that those probabilities be well - calibrated . in this paper , we introduce a novel framework to derive calibrated prob ←
→ linxgboost : extension of xgboost to generalized local linear models ; xgboost is often presented as the algorithm that wins every ml competition . surprisingly , this is true even though predictions are piecewise constant . this might be justified in high dimensional input spaces , but when the number of features is low , a piecewise linear model is likely to perform better . xgboost was extended into linxgboost that stores at each leaf a linear model . this extension , equivalent to piecewise regularized least - squ ←
→ improving dermoscopic image segmentation with enhanced convolutional - deconvolutional networks ; automatic skin lesion segmentation on dermoscopic images is an essential step in computer - aided diagnosis of melanoma . however , this task is challenging due to significant variations of lesion appearances across different patients . this challenge is further exacerbated when dealing with a large amount of image data . in this paper , we extended our previous work by developing a deeper network architecture with sm ←
→ learning hierarchical information flow with recurrent neural modules ; we propose thalnet , a deep learning model inspired by neocortical communication via the thalamus . our model consists of recurrent neural modules that send features through a routing center , endowing the modules with the flexibility to share features over multiple time steps . we show that our model learns to route information hierarchically , processing input data by a chain of modules . we observe common architectures , such as feed forward ←
→ on the origin of deep learning ; this paper is a review of the evolutionary history of deep learning models . it covers from the genesis of neural networks when associationism modeling of the brain is studied , to the models that dominate the last decade of research in deep learning like convolutional neural networks , deep belief networks , and recurrent neural networks . in addition to a review of these models , this paper primarily focuses on the precedents of the models above , examining how the initial ideas ←
→ a stochastic quasi - newton method for large - scale optimization ; the question of how to incorporate curvature information in stochastic approximation methods is challenging . the direct application of classical quasi - newton updating techniques for deterministic optimization leads to noisy curvature estimates that have harmful effects on the robustness of the iteration . in this paper , we propose a stochastic quasi - newton method that is efficient , robust and scalable . it employs the classical bfgs update formu ←
→ an epipolar line from a single pixel ; computing the epipolar geometry from feature points between cameras with very different viewpoints is often error prone , as an object ' s appearance can vary greatly between images . for such cases , it has been shown that using motion extracted from video can achieve much better results than using a static image . this paper extends these earlier works based on the scene dynamics . in this paper we propose a new method to compute the epipolar geometry from a video stream , b ←
→ a game - theoretic approach to word sense disambiguation ; this paper presents a new model for word sense disambiguation formulated in terms of evolutionary game theory , where each word to be disambiguated is represented as a node on a graph whose edges represent word relations and senses are represented as classes . the words simultaneously update their class membership preferences according to the senses that neighboring words are likely to choose . we use distributional information to weigh the influence tha ←
→ six challenges for neural machine translation ; we explore six challenges for neural machine translation : domain mismatch , amount of training data , rare words , long sentences , word alignment , and beam search . we show both deficiencies and improvements over the quality of phrase - based statistical machine translation .←
→ infinite - dimensional log - determinant divergences ii : alpha - beta divergences ; this work presents a parametrized family of divergences , namely alpha - beta log - determinant ( log - det ) divergences , between positive definite unitized trace class operators on a hilbert space . this is a generalization of the alpha - beta log - determinant divergences between symmetric , positive definite matrices to the infinite - dimensional setting . the family of alpha - beta log - det divergences is highly general and contains many diver ←
→ the multiscale bowler - hat transform for blood vessel enhancement in retinal images ; enhancement , followed by segmentation , quantification and modelling , of blood vessels in retinal images plays an essential role in computer - aid retinopathy diagnosis . in this paper , we introduce a new vessel enhancement method which is the bowler - hat transform based on mathematical morphology . the proposed method combines different structuring elements to detect innate features of vessel - like structures . we evaluate the p ←
→ image interpolation using shearlet based iterative refinement ; this paper proposes an image interpolation algorithm exploiting sparse representation for natural images . it involves three main steps : ( a ) obtaining an initial estimate of the high resolution image using linear methods like fir filtering , ( b ) promoting sparsity in a selected dictionary through iterative thresholding , and ( c ) extracting high frequency information from the approximation to refine the initial estimate . for the sparse modeling , a ←
→ efficient decomposed learning for structured prediction ; structured prediction is the cornerstone of several machine learning applications . unfortunately , in structured prediction settings with expressive inter - variable interactions , exact inference - based learning algorithms , e . g . structural svm , are often intractable . we present a new way , decomposed learning ( decl ), which performs efficient learning by restricting the inference step to a limited part of the structured spaces . we provide characterizations ←
→ exploiting multi - layer graph factorization for multi - attributed graph matching ; multi - attributed graph matching is a problem of finding correspondences between two sets of data while considering their complex properties described in multiple attributes . however , the information of multiple attributes is likely to be oversimplified during a process that makes an integrated attribute , and this degrades the matching accuracy . for that reason , a multi - layer graph structure - based algorithm has been proposed r ←
→ determining possible avenues of approach using ants ; threat assessment is an important part of level 3 data fusion . here we study a subproblem of this , worst - case risk assessment . inspired by agent - based models used for simulation of trail formation for urban planning , we use ant colony optimization ( ants ) to determine possible avenues of approach for the enemy , given a situation picture . one way of determining such avenues would be to calculate the `` potential field '' caused by placing sources at possib ←
→ gradient - based kernel dimension reduction for supervised learning ; this paper proposes a novel kernel approach to linear dimension reduction for supervised learning . the purpose of the dimension reduction is to find directions in the input space to explain the output as effectively as possible . the proposed method uses an estimator for the gradient of regression function , based on the covariance operators on reproducing kernel hilbert spaces . in comparison with other existing methods , the proposed one has ←
→ an improved approach for word ambiguity removal ; word ambiguity removal is a task of removing ambiguity from a word , i . e . correct sense of word is identified from ambiguous sentences . this paper describes a model that uses part of speech tagger and three categories for word sense disambiguation ( wsd ). human computer interaction is very needful to improve interactions between users and computers . for this , the supervised and unsupervised methods are combined . the wsd algorithm is used to find the efficient ←
→ deep blind image inpainting ; image inpainting is a challenging problem as it needs to fill the information of the corrupted regions . most of the existing inpainting algorithms assume that the positions of the corrupted regions are known . different from the existing methods that usually make some assumptions on the corrupted regions , we present an efficient blind image inpainting algorithm to directly restore a clear image from a corrupted input . our algorithm is motivated by the residual learning algorithm ←
→ universal approximation using shuffled linear models ; this paper proposes a specific type of local linear model , the shuffled linear model ( slm ), that can be used as a universal approximator . local operating points are chosen randomly and linear models are used to approximate a function or system around these points . the model can also be interpreted as an extension to extreme learning machines with radial basis function nodes , or as a specific way of using takagi - sugeno fuzzy models . using the available t ←
→ video deblurring via semantic segmentation and pixel - wise non - linear kernel ; video deblurring is a challenging problem as the blur is complex and usually caused by the combination of camera shakes , object motions , and depth variations . optical flow can be used for kernel estimation since it predicts motion trajectories . however , the estimates are often inaccurate in complex scenes at object boundaries , which are crucial in kernel estimation . in this paper , we exploit semantic segmentation in each blurry ←
→ bit - scalable deep hashing with regularized similarity learning for image retrieval and person re - identification ; extracting informative image features and learning effective approximate hashing functions are two crucial steps in image retrieval . conventional methods often study these two steps separately , e . g ., learning hash functions from a predefined hand - crafted feature space . meanwhile , the bit lengths of output hashing codes are preset in most previous methods , neglecting the significance level of ←
→ revisiting causality inference in memory - less transition networks ; several methods exist to infer causal networks from massive volumes of observational data . however , almost all existing methods require a considerable length of time series data to capture cause and effect relationships . in contrast , memory - less transition networks or markov chain data , which refers to one - step transitions to and from an event , have not been explored for causality inference even though such data is widely available . we find ←
→ differentially private generative adversarial network ; generative adversarial network ( gan ) and its variants have recently attracted intensive research interests due to their elegant theoretical foundation and excellent empirical performance as generative models . these tools provide a promising direction in the studies where data availability is limited . one common issue in gans is that the density of the learned generative distribution could concentrate on the training data points , meaning that they can e ←
→ a unified framework for tumor proliferation score prediction in breast histopathology ; we present a unified framework to predict tumor proliferation scores from breast histopathology whole slide images . our system offers a fully automated solution to predicting both a molecular data - based , and a mitosis counting - based tumor proliferation score . the framework integrates three modules , each fine - tuned to maximize the overall performance : an image processing component for handling whole slide images , a deep ←
→ linear - time algorithm for learning large - scale sparse graphical models ; the sparse inverse covariance estimation problem is commonly solved using an $\ ell_ { 1 }$- regularized gaussian maximum likelihood estimator known as " graphical lasso ", but its computational cost becomes prohibitive for large data sets . a recent line of results showed -- under mild assumptions -- that the graphical lasso estimator can be retrieved by soft - thresholding the sample covariance matrix and solving a maximum determinant matrix compl ←
→ the ariadne ' s clew algorithm ; we present a new approach to path planning , called the " ariadne ' s clew algorithm ". it is designed to find paths in high - dimensional continuous spaces and applies to robots with many degrees of freedom in static , as well as dynamic environments - ones where obstacles may move . the ariadne ' s clew algorithm comprises two sub - algorithms , called search and explore , applied in an interleaved manner . explore builds a representation of the accessible space while search looks for the t ←
→ sequential short - text classification with recurrent and convolutional neural networks ; recent approaches based on artificial neural networks ( anns ) have shown promising results for short - text classification . however , many short texts occur in sequences ( e . g ., sentences in a document or utterances in a dialog ), and most existing ann - based systems do not leverage the preceding short texts when classifying a subsequent one . in this work , we present a model based on recurrent neural networks and convolutiona ←
→ a bridge between hyperparameter optimization and larning - to - learn ; we consider a class of a nested optimization problems involving inner and outer objectives . we observe that by taking into explicit account the optimization dynamics for the inner objective it is possible to derive a general framework that unifies gradient - based hyperparameter optimization and meta - learning ( or learning - to - learn ). depending on the specific setting , the variables of the outer objective take either the meaning of hyperparamet ←
→ attentive monitoring of multiple video streams driven by a bayesian foraging strategy ; in this paper we shall consider the problem of deploying attention to subsets of the video streams for collating the most relevant data and information of interest related to a given task . we formalize this monitoring problem as a foraging problem . we propose a probabilistic framework to model observer ' s attentive behavior as the behavior of a forager . the forager , moment to moment , focuses its attention on the most in ←
→ count - ception : counting by fully convolutional redundant counting ; counting objects in digital images is a process that should be replaced by machines . this tedious task is time consuming and prone to errors due to fatigue of human annotators . the goal is to have a system that takes as input an image and returns a count of the objects inside and justification for the prediction in the form of object localization . we repose a problem , originally posed by lempitsky and zisserman , to instead predict a count m ←
→ dynamic difficulty adjustment on moba games ; this paper addresses the dynamic difficulty adjustment on moba games as a way to improve the player ' s entertainment . although moba is currently one of the most played genres around the world , it is known as a game that offer less autonomy , more challenges and consequently more frustration . due to these characteristics , the use of a mechanism that performs the difficulty balance dynamically seems to be an interesting alternative to minimize and / or avoid that play ←
→ simultaneous object detection , tracking , and event recognition ; the common internal structure and algorithmic organization of object detection , detection - based tracking , and event recognition facilitates a general approach to integrating these three components . this supports multidirectional information flow between these components allowing object detection to influence tracking and event recognition and event recognition to influence tracking and object detection . the performance of the combination can e ←
→ diffusion - based neuromodulation can eliminate catastrophic forgetting in simple neural networks ; a long - term goal of ai is to produce agents that can learn a diversity of skills throughout their lifetimes and continuously improve those skills via experience . a longstanding obstacle towards that goal is catastrophic forgetting , which is when learning new information erases previously learned information . catastrophic forgetting occurs in artificial neural networks ( anns ), which have fueled most recent adv ←
→ a tree - based kernel for graphs with continuous attributes ; the availability of graph data with node attributes that can be either discrete or real - valued is constantly increasing . while existing kernel methods are effective techniques for dealing with graphs having discrete node labels , their adaptation to non - discrete or continuous node attributes has been limited , mainly for computational issues . recently , a few kernels especially tailored for this domain , and that trade predictive performance for comput ←
→ understanding and mapping natural beauty ; while natural beauty is often considered a subjective property of images , in this paper , we take an objective approach and provide methods for quantifying and predicting the scenicness of an image . using a dataset containing hundreds of thousands of outdoor images captured throughout great britain with crowdsourced ratings of natural beauty , we propose an approach to predict scenicness which explicitly accounts for the variance of human ratings . we demonstrate that ←
→ data - driven sparse structure selection for deep neural networks ; deep convolutional neural networks have liberated its extraordinary power on various tasks . however , it is still very challenging to deploy state - of - the - art models into real - world applications due to their high computational complexity . how can we design a compact and effective network without massive experiments and expert knowledge ? in this paper , we propose a simple and effective framework to learn and prune deep models in an end - to - end ma ←
→ multi - timescale , gradient descent , temporal difference learning with linear options ; deliberating on large or continuous state spaces have been long standing challenges in reinforcement learning . temporal abstraction have somewhat made this possible , but efficiently planing using temporal abstraction still remains an issue . moreover using spatial abstractions to learn policies for various situations at once while using temporal abstraction models is an open problem . we propose here an efficient algorithm ←
→ fusing video and inertial sensor data for walking person identification ; an autonomous computer system ( such as a robot ) typically needs to identify , locate , and track persons appearing in its sight . however , most solutions have their limitations regarding efficiency , practicability , or environmental constraints . in this paper , we propose an effective and practical system which combines video and inertial sensors for person identification ( pid ). persons who do different activities are easy to identify . to ←
→ multigain : a controller synthesis tool for mdps with multiple mean - payoff objectives ; we present multigain , a tool to synthesize strategies for markov decision processes ( mdps ) with multiple mean - payoff objectives . our models are described in prism , and our tool uses the existing interface and simulator of prism . our tool extends prism by adding novel algorithms for multiple mean - payoff objectives , and also provides features such as ( i )~ generating strategies and exploring them for simulation , and checkin ←
→ a novel data pre - processing method for multi - dimensional and non - uniform data ; we are in the era of data analytics and data science which is on full bloom . there is abundance of all kinds of data for example biometrics based data , satellite images data , chip - seq data , social network data , sensor based data etc . from a variety of sources . this data abundance is the result of the fact that storage cost is getting cheaper day by day , so people as well as almost all business or scientific organizations are s ←
→ towards principled design of deep convolutional networks : introducing simpnet ; major winning convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), such as vggnet , resnet , densenet , \ etc , include tens to hundreds of millions of parameters , which impose considerable computation and memory overheads . this limits their practical usage in training and optimizing for real - world applications . on the contrary , light - weight architectures , such as squeezenet , are being proposed to address this issue . however , they mainly suffer f ←
→ spatial pyramid pooling in deep convolutional networks for visual recognition ; existing deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) require a fixed - size ( e . g ., 224x224 ) input image . this requirement is " artificial " and may reduce the recognition accuracy for the images or sub - images of an arbitrary size / scale . in this work , we equip the networks with another pooling strategy , " spatial pyramid pooling ", to eliminate the above requirement . the new network structure , called spp - net , can generate a fixed - lengt ←
→ a new perspective on boosting in linear regression via subgradient optimization and relatives ; in this paper we analyze boosting algorithms in linear regression from a new perspective : that of modern first - order methods in convex optimization . we show that classic boosting algorithms in linear regression , namely the incremental forward stagewise algorithm ( fs $ _ \ varepsilon $) and least squares boosting ( ls - boost ($\ varepsilon $)), can be viewed as subgradient descent to minimize the loss function defined as ←
→ deceptiveness and neutrality - the nd family of fitness landscapes ; when a considerable number of mutations have no effects on fitness values , the fitness landscape is said neutral . in order to study the interplay between neutrality , which exists in many real - world applications , and performances of metaheuristics , it is useful to design landscapes which make it possible to tune precisely neutral degree distribution . even though many neutral landscape models have already been designed , none of them are gene ←
→ natural gradient deep q - learning ; this paper presents findings for training a q - learning reinforcement learning agent using natural gradient techniques . we compare the original deep q - network ( dqn ) algorithm to its natural gradient counterpart ( ngdqn ), measuring ngdqn and dqn performance on classic controls environments without target networks . we find that ngdqn performs favorably relative to dqn , converging to significantly better policies faster and more frequently . these results indicate that natural g ←
→ fully - adaptive feature sharing in multi - task networks with applications in person attribute classification ; multi - task learning aims to improve generalization performance of multiple prediction tasks by appropriately sharing relevant information across them . in the context of deep neural networks , this idea is often realized by hand - designed network architectures with layers that are shared across tasks and branches that encode task - specific features . however , the space of possible multi - task deep archit ←
→ data mining for actionable knowledge : a survey ; the data mining process consists of a series of steps ranging from data cleaning , data selection and transformation , to pattern evaluation and visualization . one of the central problems in data mining is to make the mined patterns or knowledge actionable . here , the term actionable refers to the mined patterns suggest concrete and profitable actions to the decision - maker . that is , the user can do something to bring direct benefits ( increase in profits , reducti ←
→ deep neural networks predict hierarchical spatio - temporal cortical dynamics of human visual object recognition ; the complex multi - stage architecture of cortical visual pathways provides the neural basis for efficient visual object recognition in humans . however , the stage - wise computations therein remain poorly understood . here , we compared temporal ( magnetoencephalography ) and spatial ( functional mri ) visual brain representations with representations in an artificial deep neural network ( dnn ) tuned to t ←
→ learning an astronomical catalog of the visible universe through scalable bayesian inference ; celeste is a procedure for inferring astronomical catalogs that attains state - of - the - art scientific results . to date , celeste has been scaled to at most hundreds of megabytes of astronomical images : bayesian posterior inference is notoriously demanding computationally . in this paper , we report on a scalable , parallel version of celeste , suitable for learning catalogs from modern large - scale astronomical datasets ←
→ psmaca : an automated protein structure prediction using maca ( multiple attractor cellular automata ) ; protein structure predication from sequences of amino acid has gained a remarkable attention in recent years . even though there are some prediction techniques addressing this problem , the approximate accuracy in predicting the protein structure is closely 75 %. an automated procedure was evolved with maca ( multiple attractor cellular automata ) for predicting the structure of the protein . most of the existi ←
→ a state of the art report on research in multiple rgb - d sensor setups ; that the microsoft kinect , an rgb - d sensor , transformed the gaming and end consumer sector has been anticipated by the developers . that it also impacted in rigorous computer vision research has probably been a surprise to the whole community . shortly before the commercial deployment of its successor , kinect one , the research literature fills with resumees and state - of - the art papers to summarize the development over the past 3 years . th ←
→ acceleration of deep neural network training with resistive cross - point devices ; in recent years , deep neural networks ( dnn ) have demonstrated significant business impact in large scale analysis and classification tasks such as speech recognition , visual object detection , pattern extraction , etc . training of large dnns , however , is universally considered as time consuming and computationally intensive task that demands datacenter - scale computational resources recruited for many days . here we propose a co ←
→ a goal - directed implementation of query answering for hybrid mknf knowledge bases ; ontologies and rules are usually loosely coupled in knowledge representation formalisms . in fact , ontologies use open - world reasoning while the leading semantics for rules use non - monotonic , closed - world reasoning . one exception is the tightly - coupled framework of minimal knowledge and negation as failure ( mknf ), which allows statements about individuals to be jointly derived via entailment from an ontology and inferences ←
→ self - paced learning : an implicit regularization perspective ; self - paced learning ( spl ) mimics the cognitive mechanism of humans and animals that gradually learns from easy to hard samples . one key issue in spl is to obtain better weighting strategy that is determined by minimizer function . existing methods usually pursue this by artificially designing the explicit form of spl regularizer . in this paper , we focus on the minimizer function , and study a group of new regularizer , named self - paced implicit regu ←
→ evaluating creative language generation : the case of rap lyric ghostwriting ; language generation tasks that seek to mimic human ability to use language creatively are difficult to evaluate , since one must consider creativity , style , and other non - trivial aspects of the generated text . the goal of this paper is to develop evaluation methods for one such task , ghostwriting of rap lyrics , and to provide an explicit , quantifiable foundation for the goals and future directions of this task . ghostwriting must ←
→ recommendations as treatments : debiasing learning and evaluation ; most data for evaluating and training recommender systems is subject to selection biases , either through self - selection by the users or through the actions of the recommendation system itself . in this paper , we provide a principled approach to handling selection biases , adapting models and estimation techniques from causal inference . the approach leads to unbiased performance estimators despite biased data , and to a matrix factorization meth ←
→ enhanced perceptrons using contrastive biclusters ; perceptrons are neuronal devices capable of fully discriminating linearly separable classes . although straightforward to implement and train , their applicability is usually hindered by non - trivial requirements imposed by real - world classification problems . therefore , several approaches , such as kernel perceptrons , have been conceived to counteract such difficulties . in this paper , we investigate an enhanced perceptron model based on the notion of contrasti ←
→ symbolic knowledge extraction using łukasiewicz logics ; this work describes a methodology that combines logic - based systems and connectionist systems . our approach uses finite truth - valued {\ l } ukasiewicz logic , wherein every connective can be defined by a neuron in an artificial network . this allowed the injection of first - order formulas into a network architecture , and also simplified symbolic rule extraction . for that we trained a neural networks using the levenderg - marquardt algorithm , where we restrict ←
→ precision learning : towards use of known operators in neural networks ; in this paper , we consider the use of prior knowledge within neural networks . in particular , we investigate the effect of a known transform within the mapping from input data space to the output domain . we demonstrate that use of known transforms is able to change maximal error bounds . in order to explore the effect further , we consider the problem of x - ray material decomposition as an example to incorporate additional prior knowledge ←
→ variational inference for gaussian process models with linear complexity ; large - scale gaussian process inference has long faced practical challenges due to time and space complexity that is superlinear in dataset size . while sparse variational gaussian process models are capable of learning from large - scale data , standard strategies for sparsifying the model can prevent the approximation of complex functions . in this work , we propose a novel variational gaussian process model that decouples the representat ←
→ virus detection in multiplexed nanowire arrays using hidden semi - markov models ; in this paper , we address the problem of real - time detection of viruses docking to nanowires , especially when multiple viruses dock to the same nano - wire . the task becomes more complicated when there is an array of nanowires coated with different antibodies , where different viruses can dock to each coated nanowire at different binding strengths . we model the array response to a viral agent as a pattern of conductance change o ←
→ convolutional analysis operator learning : acceleration , convergence , application , and neural networks ; convolutional operator learning is increasingly gaining attention in many signal processing and computer vision applications . learning kernels has mostly relied on so - called local approaches that extract and store many overlapping patches across training signals . due to memory demands , local approaches have limitations when learning kernels from large datasets -- particularly with multi - layered structur ←
→ creating capsule wardrobes from fashion images ; we propose to automatically create capsule wardrobes . given an inventory of candidate garments and accessories , the algorithm must assemble a minimal set of items that provides maximal mix - and - match outfits . we pose the task as a subset selection problem . to permit efficient subset selection over the space of all outfit combinations , we develop submodular objective functions capturing the key ingredients of visual compatibility , versatility , and user - specific ←
→ scalable exact parent sets identification in bayesian networks learning with apache spark ; in machine learning , the parent set identification problem is to find a set of random variables that best explain selected variable given the data and some predefined scoring function . this problem is a critical component to structure learning of bayesian networks and markov blankets discovery , and thus has many practical applications , ranging from fraud detection to clinical decision support . in this paper , we int ←
→ implementing probabilistic reasoning ; general problems in analyzing information in a probabilistic database are considered . the practical difficulties ( and occasional advantages ) of storing uncertain data , of using it conventional forward - or backward - chaining inference engines , and of working with a probabilistic version of resolution are discussed . the background for this paper is the incorporation of uncertain reasoning facilities in mrs , a general - purpose expert system building tool .←
→ proposal for the creation of a research facility for the development of the sp machine ; this is a proposal to create a research facility for the development of a high - parallel version of the " sp machine ", based on the " sp theory of intelligence ". we envisage that the new version of the sp machine will be an open - source software virtual machine , derived from the existing " sp computer model ", and hosted on an existing high - performance computer . it will be a means for researchers everywhere to explore what ←
→ a bayesian method for joint clustering of vectorial data and network data ; we present a new model - based integrative method for clustering objects given both vectorial data , which describes the feature of each object , and network data , which indicates the similarity of connected objects . the proposed general model is able to cluster the two types of data simultaneously within one integrative probabilistic model , while traditional methods can only handle one data type or depend on transforming one data typ ←
→ the dynamic ecme algorithm ; the ecme algorithm has proven to be an effective way of accelerating the em algorithm for many problems . recognising the limitation of using prefixed acceleration subspace in ecme , we propose the new dynamic ecme ( decme ) algorithm which allows the acceleration subspace to be chosen dynamically . our investigation of an inefficient special case of decme , the classical successive overrelaxation ( sor ) method , leads to an efficient , simple , and widely applicable decme implementation ,←
→ on heuristics for finding loop cutsets in multiply - connected belief networks ; we introduce a new heuristic algorithm for the problem of finding minimum size loop cutsets in multiply connected belief networks . we compare this algorithm to that proposed in [ suemmondt and cooper , 1988 ]. we provide lower bounds on the performance of these algorithms with respect to one another and with respect to optimal . we demonstrate that no heuristic algorithm for this problem cam be guaranteed to produce loop cutsets wi ←
→ deep generative adversarial compression artifact removal ; compression artifacts arise in images whenever a lossy compression algorithm is applied . these artifacts eliminate details present in the original image , or add noise and small structures ; because of these effects they make images less pleasant for the human eye , and may also lead to decreased performance of computer vision algorithms such as object detectors . to eliminate such artifacts , when decompressing an image , it is required to recover the or ←
→ navigating occluded intersections with autonomous vehicles using deep reinforcement learning ; providing an efficient strategy to navigate safely through unsignaled intersections is a difficult task that requires determining the intent of other drivers . we explore the effectiveness of deep reinforcement learning to handle intersection problems . using recent advances in deep rl , we are able to learn policies that surpass the performance of a commonly - used heuristic approach in several metrics including tas ←
→ uncovering causality from multivariate hawkes integrated cumulants ; we design a new nonparametric method that allows one to estimate the matrix of integrated kernels of a multivariate hawkes process . this matrix not only encodes the mutual influences of each nodes of the process , but also disentangles the causality relationships between them . our approach is the first that leads to an estimation of this matrix without any parametric modeling and estimation of the kernels themselves . a consequence is that i ←
→ end - to - end network for twitter geolocation prediction and hashing ; we propose an end - to - end neural network to predict the geolocation of a tweet . the network takes as input a number of raw twitter metadata such as the tweet message and associated user account information . our model is language independent , and despite minimal feature engineering , it is interpretable and capable of learning location indicative words and timing patterns . compared to state - of - the - art systems , our model outperforms them by 2 %-←
→ denser cities : a system for dense efficient reconstructions of cities ; this paper is about the efficient generation of dense , colored models of city - scale environments from range data and in particular , stereo cameras . better maps make for better understanding ; better understanding leads to better robots , but this comes at a cost . the computational and memory requirements of large dense models can be prohibitive . we provide the theory and the system needed to create city - scale dense reconstructions . to do ←
→ recent progress in image deblurring ; this paper comprehensively reviews the recent development of image deblurring , including non - blind / blind , spatially invariant / variant deblurring techniques . indeed , these techniques share the same objective of inferring a latent sharp image from one or several corresponding blurry images , while the blind deblurring techniques are also required to derive an accurate blur kernel . considering the critical role of image restoration in modern imaging systems to provide high -←
→ empirical analysis of predictive algorithms for collaborative filtering ; collaborative filtering or recommender systems use a database about user preferences to predict additional topics or products a new user might like . in this paper we describe several algorithms designed for this task , including techniques based on correlation coefficients , vector - based similarity calculations , and statistical bayesian methods . we compare the predictive accuracy of the various methods in a set of representative problem ←
→ an investigation of the sampling - based alignment method and its contributions ; by investigating the distribution of phrase pairs in phrase translation tables , the work in this paper describes an approach to increase the number of n - gram alignments in phrase translation tables output by a sampling - based alignment method . this approach consists in enforcing the alignment of n - grams in distinct translation subtables so as to increase the number of n - grams . standard normal distribution is used to allot align ←
→ multi - task pharmacovigilance mining from social media posts ; social media has grown to be a crucial information source for pharmacovigilance studies where an increasing number of people post adverse reactions to medical drugs that are previously unreported . aiming to effectively monitor various aspects of adverse drug reactions ( adrs ) from diversely expressed social medical posts , we propose a multi - task neural network framework that learns several tasks associated with adr monitoring with different levels ←
→ kl - learning : online solution of kullback - leibler control problems ; we introduce a stochastic approximation method for the solution of an ergodic kullback - leibler control problem . a kullback - leibler control problem is a markov decision process on a finite state space in which the control cost is proportional to a kullback - leibler divergence of the controlled transition probabilities with respect to the uncontrolled transition probabilities . the algorithm discussed in this work allows for a sound theoretical ←
→ toward an automaton constraint for local search ; we explore the idea of using finite automata to implement new constraints for local search ( this is already a successful technique in constraint - based global search ). we show how it is possible to maintain incrementally the violations of a constraint and its decision variables from an automaton that describes a ground checker for that constraint . we establish the practicality of our approach idea on real - life personnel rostering problems , and show that it is ←
→ unconstrained scene text and video text recognition for arabic script ; building robust recognizers for arabic has always been challenging . we demonstrate the effectiveness of an end - to - end trainable cnn - rnn hybrid architecture in recognizing arabic text in videos and natural scenes . we outperform previous state - of - the - art on two publicly available video text datasets - alif and activ . for the scene text recognition task , we introduce a new arabic scene text dataset and establish baseline results . for scrip ←
→ deep learning with low precision by half - wave gaussian quantization ; the problem of quantizing the activations of a deep neural network is considered . an examination of the popular binary quantization approach shows that this consists of approximating a classical non - linearity , the hyperbolic tangent , by two functions : a piecewise constant sign function , which is used in feedforward network computations , and a piecewise linear hard tanh function , used in the backpropagation step during network learning . th ←
→ randomized sketches for kernels : fast and optimal non - parametric regression ; kernel ridge regression ( krr ) is a standard method for performing non - parametric regression over reproducing kernel hilbert spaces . given $ n $ samples , the time and space complexity of computing the krr estimate scale as $\ mathcal { o }( n ^ 3 )$ and $\ mathcal { o }( n ^ 2 )$ respectively , and so is prohibitive in many cases . we propose approximations of krr based on $ m $- dimensional randomized sketches of the kernel matrix , and study how small ←
→ resources for evaluation of summarization techniques ; we report on two corpora to be used in the evaluation of component systems for the tasks of ( 1 ) linear segmentation of text and ( 2 ) summary - directed sentence extraction . we present characteristics of the corpora , methods used in the collection of user judgments , and an overview of the application of the corpora to evaluating the component system . finally , we discuss the problems and issues with construction of the test set which apply broadly to the con ←
→ feature engineering for predictive modeling using reinforcement learning ; feature engineering is a crucial step in the process of predictive modeling . it involves the transformation of given feature space , typically using mathematical functions , with the objective of reducing the modeling error for a given target . however , there is no well - defined basis for performing effective feature engineering . it involves domain knowledge , intuition , and most of all , a lengthy process of trial and error . the human att ←
→ instance optimal learning ; we consider the following basic learning task : given independent draws from an unknown distribution over a discrete support , output an approximation of the distribution that is as accurate as possible in $\ ell_1 $ distance ( i . e . total variation or statistical distance ). perhaps surprisingly , it is often possible to " de - noise " the empirical distribution of the samples to return an approximation of the true distribution that is significantly more accurate than the empirical distribu ←
→ a text to speech ( tts ) system with english to punjabi conversion ; the paper aims to show how an application can be developed that converts the english language into the punjabi language , and the same application can convert the text to speech ( tts ) i . e . pronounce the text . this application can be really beneficial for those with special needs .←
→ node specificity in convolutional deep nets depends on receptive field position and size ; in convolutional deep neural networks , receptive field ( rf ) size increases with hierarchical depth . when rf size approaches full coverage of the input image , different rf positions result in rfs with different specificity , as portions of the rf fall out of the input space . this leads to a departure from the convolutional concept of positional invariance and opens the possibility for complex forms of context specific ←
→ similarity - based approach for outlier detection ; this paper presents a new approach for detecting outliers by introducing the notion of object ' s proximity . the main idea is that normal point has similar characteristics with several neighbors . so the point in not an outlier if it has a high degree of proximity and its neighbors are several . the performance of this approach is illustrated through real datasets ←
→ towards bayesian deep learning : a survey ; while perception tasks such as visual object recognition and text understanding play an important role in human intelligence , the subsequent tasks that involve inference , reasoning and planning require an even higher level of intelligence . the past few years have seen major advances in many perception tasks using deep learning models . for higher - level inference , however , probabilistic graphical models with their bayesian nature are still more powerful and flexible .←
→ a logic for reasoning about evidence ; we introduce a logic for reasoning about evidence that essentially views evidence as a function from prior beliefs ( before making an observation ) to posterior beliefs ( after making the observation ). we provide a sound and complete axiomatization for the logic , and consider the complexity of the decision problem . although the reasoning in the logic is mainly propositional , we allow variables representing numbers and quantification over them . this expressive power seems ←
→$\ mathbf { d ^ 3 }$: deep dual - domain based fast restoration of jpeg - compressed images ; in this paper , we design a deep dual - domain ($\ mathbf { d ^ 3 }$) based fast restoration model to remove artifacts of jpeg compressed images . it leverages the large learning capacity of deep networks , as well as the problem - specific expertise that was hardly incorporated in the past design of deep architectures . for the latter , we take into consideration both the prior knowledge of the jpeg compression scheme , and the successfu ←
→ a new approach to two - view motion segmentation using global dimension minimization ; we present a new approach to rigid - body motion segmentation from two views . we use a previously developed nonlinear embedding of two - view point correspondences into a 9 - dimensional space and identify the different motions by segmenting lower - dimensional subspaces . in order to overcome nonuniform distributions along the subspaces , whose dimensions are unknown , we suggest the novel concept of global dimension and its minimi ←
→ generalizing the role of determinization in probabilistic planning ; the stochastic shortest path problem ( ssp ) is a highly expressive model for probabilistic planning . the computational hardness of ssps has sparked interest in determinization - based planners that can quickly solve large problems . however , existing methods employ a simplistic approach to determinization . in particular , they ignore the possibility of tailoring the determinization to the specific characteristics of the target domain . in this w ←
→ pulling back error to the hidden - node parameter technology : single - hidden - layer feedforward network without output weight ; according to conventional neural network theories , the feature of single - hidden - layer feedforward neural networks ( slfns ) resorts to parameters of the weighted connections and hidden nodes . slfns are universal approximators when at least the parameters of the networks including hidden - node parameter and output weight are exist . unlike above neural network theories , this paper indicate ←
→ explaining how a deep neural network trained with end - to - end learning steers a car ; as part of a complete software stack for autonomous driving , nvidia has created a neural - network - based system , known as pilotnet , which outputs steering angles given images of the road ahead . pilotnet is trained using road images paired with the steering angles generated by a human driving a data - collection car . it derives the necessary domain knowledge by observing human drivers . this eliminates the need for human engine ←
→ embedding lexical features via low - rank tensors ; modern nlp models rely heavily on engineered features , which often combine word and contextual information into complex lexical features . such combination results in large numbers of features , which can lead to over - fitting . we present a new model that represents complex lexical features --- comprised of parts for words , contextual information and labels --- in a tensor that captures conjunction information among these parts . we apply low - rank tensor approximati ←
→ a hierarchical latent vector model for learning long - term structure in music ; the variational autoencoder ( vae ) has proven to be an effective model for producing semantically meaningful latent representations for natural data . however , it has thus far seen limited application to sequential data , and , as we demonstrate , existing recurrent vae models have difficulty modeling sequences with long - term structure . to address this issue , we propose the use of a hierarchical decoder , which first outputs embeddin ←
→ cognitive surveillance : why does it never appear among the avss conferences topics ? ; video surveillance is a fast evolving field of research and development ( r & d ) driven by the urgent need for public security and safety ( due to the growing threats of terrorism , vandalism , and anti - social behavior ). traditionally , surveillance systems are comprised of two components - video cameras distributed over the guarded area and human observer watching and analyzing the incoming video . explosive growth of installed ←
→ survey on models and techniques for root - cause analysis ; automation and computer intelligence to support complex human decisions becomes essential to manage large and distributed systems in the cloud and iot era . understanding the root cause of an observed symptom in a complex system has been a major problem for decades . as industry dives into the iot world and the amount of data generated per year grows at an amazing speed , an important question is how to find appropriate mechanisms to determine root caus ←
→ transcut : transparent object segmentation from a light - field image ; the segmentation of transparent objects can be very useful in computer vision applications . however , because they borrow texture from their background and have a similar appearance to their surroundings , transparent objects are not handled well by regular image segmentation methods . we propose a method that overcomes these problems using the consistency and distortion properties of a light - field image . graph - cut optimization is applied for ←
→ robust kernel density estimation ; we propose a method for nonparametric density estimation that exhibits robustness to contamination of the training sample . this method achieves robustness by combining a traditional kernel density estimator ( kde ) with ideas from classical $ m $- estimation . we interpret the kde based on a radial , positive semi - definite kernel as a sample mean in the associated reproducing kernel hilbert space . since the sample mean is sensitive to outliers , we estimate it robustly via $ m $- est ←
→ structure vs . language : investigating the multi - factors of asymmetric opinions on online social interrelationship with a case study ; though current researches often study the properties of online social relationship from an objective view , we also need to understand individuals ' subjective opinions on their interrelationships in social computing studies . inspired by the theories from sociolinguistics , the latest work indicates that interactive language can reveal individuals ' asymmetric opinions on their ←
→ fantasy football prediction ; the ubiquity of professional sports and specifically the nfl have lead to an increase in popularity for fantasy football . users have many tools at their disposal : statistics , predictions , rankings of experts and even recommendations of peers . there are issues with all of these , though . especially since many people pay money to play , the prediction tools should be enhanced as they provide unbiased and easy - to - use assistance for users . this paper provides and discusses approaches ←
→ occlusion - aware human pose estimation with mixtures of sub - trees ; in this paper , we study the problem of learning a model for human pose estimation as mixtures of compositional sub - trees in two layers of prediction . this involves estimating the pose of a sub - tree followed by identifying the relationships between sub - trees that are used to handle occlusions between different parts . the mixtures of the sub - trees are learnt utilising both geometric and appearance distances . the chow - liu ( cl ) algorithm is recu ←
→ fast hands - free writing by gaze direction ; we describe a method for text entry based on inverse arithmetic coding that relies on gaze direction and which is faster and more accurate than using an on - screen keyboard . these benefits are derived from two innovations : the writing task is matched to the capabilities of the eye , and a language model is used to make predictable words and phrases easier to write .←
→ scalable person re - identification on supervised smoothed manifold ; most existing person re - identification algorithms either extract robust visual features or learn discriminative metrics for person images . however , the underlying manifold which those images reside on is rarely investigated . that raises a problem that the learned metric is not smooth with respect to the local geometry structure of the data manifold . in this paper , we study person re - identification with manifold - based affinity learning , wh ←
→ characterizing driving context from driver behavior ; because of the increasing availability of spatiotemporal data , a variety of data - analytic applications have become possible . characterizing driving context , where context may be thought of as a combination of location and time , is a new challenging application . an example of such a characterization is finding the correlation between driving behavior and traffic conditions . this contextual information enables analysts to validate observation - based hypothe ←
→ blockout : dynamic model selection for hierarchical deep networks ; most deep architectures for image classification -- even those that are trained to classify a large number of diverse categories -- learn shared image representations with a single model . intuitively , however , categories that are more similar should share more information than those that are very different . while hierarchical deep networks address this problem by learning separate features for subsets of related categories , current implementatio ←
→ dynamic task allocation for crowdsourcing settings ; we consider the problem of optimal budget allocation for crowdsourcing problems , allocating users to tasks to maximize our final confidence in the crowdsourced answers . such an optimized worker assignment method allows us to boost the efficacy of any popular crowdsourcing estimation algorithm . we consider a mutual information interpretation of the crowdsourcing problem , which leads to a stochastic subset selection problem with a submodular objective funct ←
→ learning to answer questions ; we present an open - domain question - answering system that learns to answer questions based on successful past interactions . we follow a pattern - based approach to answer - extraction , where ( lexico - syntactic ) patterns that relate a question to its answer are automatically learned and used to answer future questions . results show that our approach contributes to the system ' s best performance when it is conjugated with typical answer - extraction strategies . moreover , it allows the sy ←
→ understanding editing behaviors in multilingual wikipedia ; multilingualism is common offline , but we have a more limited understanding of the ways multilingualism is displayed online and the roles that multilinguals play in the spread of content between speakers of different languages . we take a computational approach to studying multilingualism using one of the largest user - generated content platforms , wikipedia . we study multilingualism by collecting and analyzing a large dataset of the content written b ←
→ exploring promising stepping stones by combining novelty search with interactive evolution ; the field of evolutionary computation is inspired by the achievements of natural evolution , in which there is no final objective . yet the pursuit of objectives is ubiquitous in simulated evolution . a significant problem is that objective approaches assume that intermediate stepping stones will increasingly resemble the final objective when in fact they often do not . the consequence is that while solutions may exis ←
→ on chord and sagitta in ${\ mathbb z }^ 2 $: an analysis towards fast and robust circular arc detection ; although chord and sagitta , when considered in tandem , may reflect many underlying geometric properties of circles on the euclidean plane , their implications on the digital plane are not yet well - understood . in this paper , we explore some of their fundamental properties on the digital plane that have a strong bearing on the unsupervised detection of circles and circular arcs in a digital image . we show th ←
→ probabilistic models for computerized adaptive testing : experiments ; this paper follows previous research we have already performed in the area of bayesian networks models for cat . we present models using item response theory ( irt - standard cat method ), bayesian networks , and neural networks . we conducted simulated cat tests on empirical data . results of these tests are presented for each model separately and compared .←
→ featureless : bypassing feature extraction in action categorization ; this method introduces an efficient manner of learning action categories without the need of feature estimation . the approach starts from low - level values , in a similar style to the successful cnn methods . however , rather than extracting general image features , we learn to predict specific video representations from raw video data . the benefit of such an approach is that at the same computational expense it can predict 2 d video representa ←
→ an approach for classification of dysfluent and fluent speech using k - nn and svm ; this paper presents a new approach for classification of dysfluent and fluent speech using mel - frequency cepstral coefficient ( mfcc ). the speech is fluent when person ' s speech flows easily and smoothly . sounds combine into syllable , syllables mix together into words and words link into sentences with little effort . when someone ' s speech is dysfluent , it is irregular and does not flow effortlessly . therefore , a dysfluency is ←
→ neural semantic encoders ; we present a memory augmented neural network for natural language understanding : neural semantic encoders . nse is equipped with a novel memory update rule and has a variable sized encoding memory that evolves over time and maintains the understanding of input sequences through read }, compose and write operations . nse can also access multiple and shared memories . in this paper , we demonstrated the effectiveness and the flexibility of nse on five different natural language tasks : na ←
→ structural - rnn : deep learning on spatio - temporal graphs ; deep recurrent neural network architectures , though remarkably capable at modeling sequences , lack an intuitive high - level spatio - temporal structure . that is while many problems in computer vision inherently have an underlying high - level structure and can benefit from it . spatio - temporal graphs are a popular tool for imposing such high - level intuitions in the formulation of real world problems . in this paper , we propose an approach for combining the ←
→ latent predictor networks for code generation ; many language generation tasks require the production of text conditioned on both structured and unstructured inputs . we present a novel neural network architecture which generates an output sequence conditioned on an arbitrary number of input functions . crucially , our approach allows both the choice of conditioning context and the granularity of generation , for example characters or tokens , to be marginalised , thus permitting scalable and effective training . ←
→ eye in - painting with exemplar generative adversarial networks ; this paper introduces a novel approach to in - painting where the identity of the object to remove or change is preserved and accounted for at inference time : exemplar gans ( exgans ). exgans are a type of conditional gan that utilize exemplar information to produce high - quality , personalized in painting results . we propose using exemplar information in the form of a reference image of the region to in - paint , or a perceptual code describing that ob ←
→ combined approach for image segmentation ; many image segmentation techniques have been developed over the past two decades for segmenting the images , which help for object recognition , occlusion boundary estimation within motion or stereo systems , image compression , image editing . in this , there is a combined approach for segmenting the image . by using histogram equalization to the input image , from which it gives contrast enhancement output image . after that by applying median filtering , which will remov ←
→ an evolutionary strategy for deltae - e identification ; in this article we present an automatic method for charge and mass identification of charged nuclear fragments produced in heavy ion collisions at intermediate energies . the algorithm combines a generative model of deltae - e relation and a covariance matrix adaptation evolutionary strategy ( cma - es ). the cma - es is a stochastic and derivative - free method employed to search parameter space of the model by means of a fitness function . the article describ ←
→ scaling active search using linear similarity functions ; active search has become an increasingly useful tool in information retrieval problems where the goal is to discover as many target elements as possible using only limited label queries . with the advent of big data , there is a growing emphasis on the scalability of such techniques to handle very large and very complex datasets . in this paper , we consider the problem of active search where we are given a similarity function between data points . we l ←
→ interpretations of the web of data ; the emerging web of data utilizes the web infrastructure to represent and interrelate data . the foundational standards of the web of data include the uniform resource identifier ( uri ) and the resource description framework ( rdf ). uris are used to identify resources and rdf is used to relate resources . while rdf has been posited as a logic language designed specifically for knowledge representation and reasoning , it is more generally useful if it can conveniently support ←
→ one - shot generalization in deep generative models ; humans have an impressive ability to reason about new concepts and experiences from just a single example . in particular , humans have an ability for one - shot generalization : an ability to encounter a new concept , understand its structure , and then be able to generate compelling alternative variations of the concept . we develop machine learning systems with this important capacity by developing new deep generative models , models that combine the representat ←
→ dynamic key - value memory networks for knowledge tracing ; knowledge tracing ( kt ) is a task of tracing evolving knowledge state of students with respect to one or more concepts as they engage in a sequence of learning activities . one important purpose of kt is to personalize the practice sequence to help students learn knowledge concepts efficiently . however , existing methods such as bayesian knowledge tracing and deep knowledge tracing either model knowledge state for each predefined concept separately or f ←
→ fuzzy logic in narrow sense with hedges ; classical logic has a serious limitation in that it cannot cope with the issues of vagueness and uncertainty into which fall most modes of human reasoning . in order to provide a foundation for human knowledge representation and reasoning in the presence of vagueness , imprecision , and uncertainty , fuzzy logic should have the ability to deal with linguistic hedges , which play a very important role in the modification of fuzzy predicates . in this paper , we extend fuzzy ←
→ logistic regression as soft perceptron learning ; we comment on the fact that gradient ascent for logistic regression has a connection with the perceptron learning algorithm . logistic learning is the " soft " variant of perceptron learning .←
→ on the use of convolutional neural networks for robust classification of multiple fingerprint captures ; fingerprint classification is one of the most common approaches to accelerate the identification in large databases of fingerprints . fingerprints are grouped into disjoint classes , so that an input fingerprint is compared only with those belonging to the predicted class , reducing the penetration rate of the search . the classification procedure usually starts by the extraction of features from the finge ←
→ multi - tensor completion for estimating missing values in video data ; many tensor - based data completion methods aim to solve image and video in - painting problems . but , all methods were only developed for a single dataset . in most of real applications , we can usually obtain more than one dataset to reflect one phenomenon , and all the datasets are mutually related in some sense . thus one question raised whether such the relationship can improve the performance of data completion or not ? in the paper , we propo ←
→ monte - carlo utility estimates for bayesian reinforcement learning ; this paper introduces a set of algorithms for monte - carlo bayesian reinforcement learning . firstly , monte - carlo estimation of upper bounds on the bayes - optimal value function is employed to construct an optimistic policy . secondly , gradient - based algorithms for approximate upper and lower bounds are introduced . finally , we introduce a new class of gradient algorithms for bayesian bellman error minimisation . we theoretically show that the gr ←
→ user intent classification using memory networks : a comparative analysis for a limited data scenario ; in this report , we provide a comparative analysis of different techniques for user intent classification towards the task of app recommendation . we analyse the performance of different models and architectures for multi - label classification over a dataset with a relative large number of classes and only a handful examples of each class . we focus , in particular , on memory network architectures , and compar ←
→ an introduction to the practical and theoretical aspects of mixture - of - experts modeling ; mixture - of - experts ( moe ) models are a powerful paradigm for modeling of data arising from complex data generating processes ( dgps ). in this article , we demonstrate how different moe models can be constructed to approximate the underlying dgps of arbitrary types of data . due to the probabilistic nature of moe models , we propose the maximum quasi - likelihood ( mql ) estimator as a method for estimating moe model parameter ←
→ logical hidden markov models ; logical hidden markov models ( lohmms ) upgrade traditional hidden markov models to deal with sequences of structured symbols in the form of logical atoms , rather than flat characters . this note formally introduces lohmms and presents solutions to the three central inference problems for lohmms : evaluation , most likely hidden state sequence and parameter estimation . the resulting representation and algorithms are experimentally evaluated on problems from the domain of bioinfor ←
→ the steepest watershed : from graphs to images ; the watershed is a powerful tool for segmenting objects whose contours appear as crest lines on a gradient image . the watershed transform associates to a topographic surface a partition into catchment basins , defined as attraction zones of a drop of water falling on the relief and following a line of steepest descent . unfortunately , catchment basins may overlap and do not form a partition . moreover , current watershed algorithms , being shortsighted , do not corr ←
→ reverse engineering chemical reaction networks from time series data ; the automated inference of physically interpretable ( bio ) chemical reaction network models from measured experimental data is a challenging problem whose solution has significant commercial and academic ramifications . it is demonstrated , using simulations , how sets of elementary reactions comprising chemical reaction networks , as well as their rate coefficients , may be accurately recovered from non - equilibrium time series concentration da ←
→ determining points on handwritten mathematical symbols ; in a variety of applications , such as handwritten mathematics and diagram labelling , it is common to have symbols of many different sizes in use and for the writing not to follow simple baselines . in order to understand the scale and relative positioning of individual characters , it is necessary to identify the location of certain expected features . these are typically identified by particular points in the symbols , for example , the baseline of a lowe ←
→ on the identification and mitigation of weaknesses in the knowledge gradient policy for multi - armed bandits ; the knowledge gradient ( kg ) policy was originally proposed for online ranking and selection problems but has recently been adapted for use in online decision making in general and multi - armed bandit problems ( mabs ) in particular . we study its use in a class of exponential family mabs and identify weaknesses , including a propensity to take actions which are dominated with respect to both exploitati ←
→ a many - objective evolutionary algorithm with angle - based selection and shift - based density estimation ; evolutionary many - objective optimization has been gaining increasing attention from the evolutionary computation research community . much effort has been devoted to addressing this issue by improving the scalability of multiobjective evolutionary algorithms , such as pareto - based , decomposition - based , and indicator - based approaches . different from current work , we propose a novel algorithm in this paper ←
→ redundant sudoku rules ; the rules of sudoku are often specified using twenty seven \ texttt { all \ _different } constraints , referred to as the {\ em big } \ mrules . using graphical proofs and exploratory logic programming , the following main and new result is obtained : many subsets of six of these big \ mrules are redundant ( i . e ., they are entailed by the remaining twenty one \ mrules ), and six is maximal ( i . e ., removing more than six \ mrules is not possible while maintaining equivalence ). the corresponding result ←
→ simple pairs of points in digital spaces . topology - preserving transformations of digital spaces by contracting simple pairs of points ; transformations of digital spaces preserving local and global topology play an important role in thinning , skeletonization and simplification of digital images . in the present paper , we introduce and study contractions of simple pair of points based on the notions of a digital contractible space and contractible transformations of digital spaces . we show that the contract ←
→ multiple penalized principal curves : analysis and computation ; we study the problem of finding the one - dimensional structure in a given data set . in other words we consider ways to approximate a given measure ( data ) by curves . we consider an objective functional whose minimizers are a regularization of principal curves and introduce a new functional which allows for multiple curves . we prove the existence of minimizers and establish their basic properties . we develop an efficient algorithm for obtaining ( n ←
→ clustering of complex networks and community detection using group search optimization ; group search optimizer ( gso ) is one of the best algorithms , is very new in the field of evolutionary computing . it is very robust and efficient algorithm , which is inspired by animal searching behaviour . the paper describes an application of gso to clustering of networks . we have tested gso against five standard benchmark datasets , gso algorithm is proved very competitive in terms of accuracy and convergence speed .←
→ usfd at kbp 2011 : entity linking , slot filling and temporal bounding ; this paper describes the university of sheffield ' s entry in the 2011 tac kbp entity linking and slot filling tasks . we chose to participate in the monolingual entity linking task , the monolingual slot filling task and the temporal slot filling tasks . we set out to build a framework for experimentation with knowledge base population . this framework was created , and applied to multiple kbp tasks . we demonstrated that our proposed framework ←
→ boosting the accuracy of multi - spectral image pan - sharpening by learning a deep residual network ; in the field of fusing multi - spectral and panchromatic images ( pan - sharpening ), the impressive effectiveness of deep neural networks has been recently employed to overcome the drawbacks of traditional linear models and boost the fusing accuracy . however , to the best of our knowledge , existing research works are mainly based on simple and flat networks with relatively shallow architecture , which severely limi ←
→ text compression for sentiment analysis via evolutionary algorithms ; can textual data be compressed intelligently without losing accuracy in evaluating sentiment ? in this study , we propose a novel evolutionary compression algorithm , parsec ( parts - of - speech for sentiment compression ), which makes use of parts - of - speech tags to compress text in a way that sacrifices minimal classification accuracy when used in conjunction with sentiment analysis algorithms . an analysis of parsec with eight commercial and non ←
→ testing sdrt ' s right frontier ; the right frontier constraint ( rfc ), as a constraint on the attachment of new constituents to an existing discourse structure , has important implications for the interpretation of anaphoric elements in discourse and for machine learning ( ml ) approaches to learning discourse structures . in this paper we provide strong empirical support for sdrt ' s version of rfc . the analysis of about 100 doubly annotated documents by five different naive annotators shows that sdrt ' s rfc is res ←
→ phrase database approach to structural and semantic disambiguation in english - korean machine translation ; in machine translation it is common phenomenon that machine - readable dictionaries and standard parsing rules are not enough to ensure accuracy in parsing and translating english phrases into korean language , which is revealed in misleading translation results due to consequent structural and semantic ambiguities . this paper aims to suggest a solution to structural and semantic ambiguities due to the ←
→ a cluster - cumulant expansion at the fixed points of belief propagation ; we introduce a new cluster - cumulant expansion ( cce ) based on the fixed points of iterative belief propagation ( ibp ). this expansion is similar in spirit to the loop - series ( ls ) recently introduced in [ 1 ]. however , in contrast to the latter , the cce enjoys the following important qualities : 1 ) it is defined for arbitrary state spaces 2 ) it is easily extended to fixed points of generalized belief propagation ( gbp ), 3 ) disconnected groups ←
→ deep learning human mind for automated visual classification ; what if we could effectively read the mind and transfer human visual capabilities to computer vision methods ? in this paper , we aim at addressing this question by developing the first visual object classifier driven by human brain signals . in particular , we employ eeg data evoked by visual object stimuli combined with recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) to learn a discriminative brain activity manifold of visual categories . afterwards , we train a co ←
→ reliable uncertain evidence modeling in bayesian networks by credal networks ; a reliable modeling of uncertain evidence in bayesian networks based on a set - valued quantification is proposed . both soft and virtual evidences are considered . we show that evidence propagation in this setup can be reduced to standard updating in an augmented credal network , equivalent to a set of consistent bayesian networks . a characterization of the computational complexity for this task is derived together with an efficien ←
→ ultra high - dimensional nonlinear feature selection for big biological data ; machine learning methods are used to discover complex nonlinear relationships in biological and medical data . however , sophisticated learning models are computationally unfeasible for data with millions of features . here we introduce the first feature selection method for nonlinear learning problems that can scale up to large , ultra - high dimensional biological data . more specifically , we scale up the novel hilbert - schmidt indepen ←
→ data analytics using ontologies of management theories : towards implementing ' from theory to practice ' ; we explore how computational ontologies can be impactful vis - a - vis the developing discipline of " data science ." we posit an approach wherein management theories are represented as formal axioms , and then applied to draw inferences about data that reside in corporate databases . that is , management theories would be implemented as rules within a data analytics engine . we demonstrate a case study developm ←
→ weakly - supervised discovery of visual pattern configurations ; the increasing prominence of weakly labeled data nurtures a growing demand for object detection methods that can cope with minimal supervision . we propose an approach that automatically identifies discriminative configurations of visual patterns that are characteristic of a given object class . we formulate the problem as a constrained submodular optimization problem and demonstrate the benefits of the discovered configurations in remedying mislo ←
→ demographic growth and the distribution of language sizes ; it is argued that the present log - normal distribution of language sizes is , to a large extent , a consequence of demographic dynamics within the population of speakers of each language . a two - parameter stochastic multiplicative process is proposed as a model for the population dynamics of individual languages , and applied over a period spanning the last ten centuries . the model disregards language birth and death . a straightforward fitting of the tw ←
→ machine learning harnesses molecular dynamics to discover new $ μ $ opioid chemotypes ; computational chemists typically assay drug candidates by virtually screening compounds against crystal structures of a protein despite the fact that some targets , like the $\ mu $ opioid receptor and other members of the gpcr family , traverse many non - crystallographic states . we discover new conformational states of $\ mu or $ with molecular dynamics simulation and then machine learn ligand - structure relationships to predic ←
→ correction by projection : denoising images with generative adversarial networks ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) transform low - dimensional latent vectors into visually plausible images . if the real dataset contains only clean images , then ostensibly , the manifold learned by the gan should contain only clean images . in this paper , we propose to denoise corrupted images by finding the nearest point on the gan manifold , recovering latent vectors by minimizing distances in image space . we first demons ←
→ improved variational autoencoders for text modeling using dilated convolutions ; recent work on generative modeling of text has found that variational auto - encoders ( vae ) incorporating lstm decoders perform worse than simpler lstm language models ( bowman et al ., 2015 ). this negative result is so far poorly understood , but has been attributed to the propensity of lstm decoders to ignore conditioning information from the encoder . in this paper , we experiment with a new type of decoder for vae : a dilated cnn ←
→ lightlda : big topic models on modest compute clusters ; when building large - scale machine learning ( ml ) programs , such as big topic models or deep neural nets , one usually assumes such tasks can only be attempted with industrial - sized clusters with thousands of nodes , which are out of reach for most practitioners or academic researchers . we consider this challenge in the context of topic modeling on web - scale corpora , and show that with a modest cluster of as few as 8 machines , we can train a topic model wi ←
→ geometrical interpretation of shannon ' s entropy based on the born rule ; in this paper we will analyze discrete probability distributions in which probabilities of particular outcomes of some experiment ( microstates ) can be represented by the ratio of natural numbers ( in other words , probabilities are represented by digital numbers of finite representation length ). we will introduce several results that are based on recently proposed joystick probability selector , which represents a geometrical interpretati ←
→ temporal segment networks for action recognition in videos ; deep convolutional networks have achieved great success for image recognition . however , for action recognition in videos , their advantage over traditional methods is not so evident . we present a general and flexible video - level framework for learning action models in videos . this method , called temporal segment network ( tsn ), aims to model long - range temporal structures with a new segment - based sampling and aggregation module . this unique design e ←
→ deep projective 3d semantic segmentation ; semantic segmentation of 3d point clouds is a challenging problem with numerous real - world applications . while deep learning has revolutionized the field of image semantic segmentation , its impact on point cloud data has been limited so far . recent attempts , based on 3d deep learning approaches ( 3d - cnns ), have achieved below - expected results . such methods require voxelizations of the underlying point cloud data , leading to decreased spatial resolution and increased ←
→ detecting people in cubist art ; although the human visual system is surprisingly robust to extreme distortion when recognizing objects , most evaluations of computer object detection methods focus only on robustness to natural form deformations such as people ' s pose changes . to determine whether algorithms truly mirror the flexibility of human vision , they must be compared against human vision at its limits . for example , in cubist abstract art , painted objects are distorted by object fragmentation and part -←
→ hierarchical learning of grids of microtopics ; the counting grid is a grid of microtopics , sparse word / feature distributions . the generative model associated with the grid does not use these microtopics individually . rather , it groups them in overlapping rectangular windows and uses these grouped microtopics as either mixture or admixture components . this paper builds upon the basic counting grid model and it shows that hierarchical reasoning helps avoid bad local minima , produces better classification acc ←
→ on the compilability and expressive power of propositional planning formalisms ; the recent approaches of extending the graphplan algorithm to handle more expressive planning formalisms raise the question of what the formal meaning of " expressive power " is . we formalize the intuition that expressive power is a measure of how concisely planning domains and plans can be expressed in a particular formalism by introducing the notion of " compilation schemes " between planning formalisms . using this notion , we a ←
→ decision - theoretic approaches to non - knowledge in economics ; we review two strands of conceptual approaches to the formal representation of a decision maker ' s non - knowledge at the initial stage of a static one - person , one - shot decision problem in economic theory . one focuses on representations of non - knowledge in terms of probability measures over sets of mutually exclusive and exhaustive consequence - relevant states of nature , the other deals with unawareness of potentially important events by means of set ←
→ evaluating unsupervised dutch word embeddings as a linguistic resource ; word embeddings have recently seen a strong increase in interest as a result of strong performance gains on a variety of tasks . however , most of this research also underlined the importance of benchmark datasets , and the difficulty of constructing these for a variety of language - specific tasks . still , many of the datasets used in these tasks could prove to be fruitful linguistic resources , allowing for unique observations into language ←
→ a continuous max - flow approach to general hierarchical multi - labeling problems ; multi - region segmentation algorithms often have the onus of incorporating complex anatomical knowledge representing spatial or geometric relationships between objects , and general - purpose methods of addressing this knowledge in an optimization - based manner have thus been lacking . this paper presents generalized hierarchical max - flow ( ghmf ) segmentation , which captures simple anatomical part - whole relationships in the form of ←
→ private learning and sanitization : pure vs . approximate differential privacy ; we compare the sample complexity of private learning [ kasiviswanathan et al . 2008 ] and sanitization ~[ blum et al . 2008 ] under pure $\ epsilon $- differential privacy [ dwork et al . tcc 2006 ] and approximate $(\ epsilon ,\ delta )$- differential privacy [ dwork et al . eurocrypt 2006 ]. we show that the sample complexity of these tasks under approximate differential privacy can be significantly lower than that under pure differential privacy ←
→ boltzmann exploration done right ; boltzmann exploration is a classic strategy for sequential decision - making under uncertainty , and is one of the most standard tools in reinforcement learning ( rl ). despite its widespread use , there is virtually no theoretical understanding about the limitations or the actual benefits of this exploration scheme . does it drive exploration in a meaningful way ? is it prone to misidentifying the optimal actions or spending too much time exploring the suboptimal ones ? what is th ←
→ ratm : recurrent attentive tracking model ; we present an attention - based modular neural framework for computer vision . the framework uses a soft attention mechanism allowing models to be trained with gradient descent . it consists of three modules : a recurrent attention module controlling where to look in an image or video frame , a feature - extraction module providing a representation of what is seen , and an objective module formalizing why the model learns its attentive behavior . the attention module allows ←
→ an area and energy efficient design of domain - wall memory - based deep convolutional neural networks using stochastic computing ; with recent trend of wearable devices and internet of things ( iots ), it becomes attractive to develop hardware - based deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ) for embedded applications , which require low power / energy consumptions and small hardware footprints . recent works demonstrated that the stochastic computing ( sc ) technique can radically simplify the hardware implementatio ←
→ multimodal emotion recognition using multimodal deep learning ; to enhance the performance of affective models and reduce the cost of acquiring physiological signals for real - world applications , we adopt multimodal deep learning approach to construct affective models from multiple physiological signals . for unimodal enhancement task , we indicate that the best recognition accuracy of 82 . 11 % on seed dataset is achieved with shared representations generated by deep autoencoder ( dae ) model . for multimodal facil ←
→ a formal framework to characterize interpretability of procedures ; we provide a novel notion of what it means to be interpretable , looking past the usual association with human understanding . our key insight is that interpretability is not an absolute concept and so we define it relative to a target model , which may or may not be a human . we define a framework that allows for comparing interpretable procedures by linking it to important practical aspects such as accuracy and robustness . we characterize man ←
→ survey on emotional body gesture recognition ; automatic emotion recognition has become a trending research topic in the past decade . while works based on facial expressions or speech abound , recognizing affect from body gestures remains a less explored topic . we present a new comprehensive survey hoping to boost research in the field . we first introduce emotional body gestures as a component of what is commonly known as " body language " and comment general aspects as gender differences and culture dependenc ←
→ lagrangian relaxation for map estimation in graphical models ; we develop a general framework for map estimation in discrete and gaussian graphical models using lagrangian relaxation techniques . the key idea is to reformulate an intractable estimation problem as one defined on a more tractable graph , but subject to additional constraints . relaxing these constraints gives a tractable dual problem , one defined by a thin graph , which is then optimized by an iterative procedure . when this iterative optimization ←
→ improved underwater image enhancement algorithms based on partial differential equations ( pdes ) ; the experimental results of improved underwater image enhancement algorithms based on partial differential equations ( pdes ) are presented in this report . this second work extends the study of previous work and incorporating several improvements into the revised algorithm . experiments show the evidence of the improvements when compared to previously proposed approaches and other conventional algorithms found i ←
→ an automatic diagnosis method of facial acne vulgaris based on convolutional neural network ; in this paper , we present a new automatic diagnosis method of facial acne vulgaris based on convolutional neural network . this method is proposed to overcome the shortcoming of classification types in previous methods . the core of our method is to extract features of images based on convolutional neural network and achieve classification by classifier . we design a binary classifier of skin - and - non - skin to detect ←
→ a time series forest for classification and feature extraction ; we propose a tree ensemble method , referred to as time series forest ( tsf ), for time series classification . tsf employs a combination of the entropy gain and a distance measure , referred to as the entrance ( entropy and distance ) gain , for evaluating the splits . experimental studies show that the entrance gain criterion improves the accuracy of tsf . tsf randomly samples features at each tree node and has a computational complexity linear in the ←
→ image denoising via multi - scale nonlinear diffusion models ; image denoising is a fundamental operation in image processing and holds considerable practical importance for various real - world applications . arguably several thousands of papers are dedicated to image denoising . in the past decade , sate - of - the - art denoising algorithm have been clearly dominated by non - local patch - based methods , which explicitly exploit patch self - similarity within image . however , in recent two years , discriminatively trained lo ←
→ crossnets : a new approach to complex learning ; we propose a novel neural network structure called crossnets , which considers architectures on directed acyclic graphs . this structure builds on previous generalizations of feed forward models , such as resnets , by allowing for all forward cross connections between layers ( both adjacent and non - adjacent ). the addition of cross connections among the network increases information flow across the whole network , leading to better training and testing performances .←
→ comparing neural and attractiveness - based visual features for artwork recommendation ; advances in image processing and computer vision in the latest years have brought about the use of visual features in artwork recommendation . recent works have shown that visual features obtained from pre - trained deep neural networks ( dnns ) perform very well for recommending digital art . other recent works have shown that explicit visual features ( evf ) based on attractiveness can perform well in preference prediction ta ←
→ supervised deep hashing for hierarchical labeled data ; recently , hashing methods have been widely used in large - scale image retrieval . however , most existing hashing methods did not consider the hierarchical relation of labels , which means that they ignored the rich information stored in the hierarchy . moreover , most of previous works treat each bit in a hash code equally , which does not meet the scenario of hierarchical labeled data . in this paper , we propose a novel deep hashing method , called supervised ←
→ fingerprint classification based on depth neural network ; fingerprint classification is an effective technique for reducing the candidate numbers of fingerprints in the stage of matching in automatic fingerprint identification system ( afis ). in recent years , deep learning is an emerging technology which has achieved great success in many fields , such as image processing , natural language processing and so on . in this paper , we only choose the orientation field as the input feature and adopt a new method ( s ←
→ an approach to forgetting in disjunctive logic programs that preserves strong equivalence ; in this paper we investigate forgetting in disjunctive logic programs , where forgetting an atom from a program amounts to a reduction in the signature of that program . the goal is to provide an approach that is syntax - independent , in that if two programs are strongly equivalent , then the results of forgetting an atom in each program should also be strongly equivalent . our central definition of forgetting is impract ←
→ jsut corpus : free large - scale japanese speech corpus for end - to - end speech synthesis ; thanks to improvements in machine learning techniques including deep learning , a free large - scale speech corpus that can be shared between academic institutions and commercial companies has an important role . however , such a corpus for japanese speech synthesis does not exist . in this paper , we designed a novel japanese speech corpus , named the " jsut corpus ," that is aimed at achieving end - to - end speech synthesis . the c ←
→ contracting preference relations for database applications ; the binary relation framework has been shown to be applicable to many real - life preference handling scenarios . here we study preference contraction : the problem of discarding selected preferences . we argue that the property of minimality and the preservation of strict partial orders are crucial for contractions . contractions can be further constrained by specifying which preferences should be protected . we consider two classes of preference relati ←
→ next level of data fusion for human face recognition ; this paper demonstrates two different fusion techniques at two different levels of a human face recognition process . the first one is called data fusion at lower level and the second one is the decision fusion towards the end of the recognition process . at first a data fusion is applied on visual and corresponding thermal images to generate fused image . data fusion is implemented in the wavelet domain after decomposing the images through daubechies wave ←
→ spatial probabilistic pulsatility model for enhancing photoplethysmographic imaging systems ; photolethysmographic imaging ( ppgi ) is a widefield non - contact biophotonic technology able to remotely monitor cardiovascular function over anatomical areas . though spatial context can provide increased physiological insight , existing ppgi systems rely on coarse spatial averaging with no anatomical priors for assessing arterial pulsatility . here , we developed a continuous probabilistic pulsatility model for impor ←
→ will people like your image ? learning the aesthetic space ; rating how aesthetically pleasing an image appears is a highly complex matter and depends on a large number of different visual factors . previous work has tackled the aesthetic rating problem by ranking on a 1 - dimensional rating scale , e . g ., incorporating handcrafted attributes . in this paper , we propose a rather general approach to automatically map aesthetic pleasingness with all its complexity into an " aesthetic space " to allow for a highly fine ←
→ the computational complexity of structure - based causality ; halpern and pearl introduced a definition of actual causality ; eiter and lukasiewicz showed that computing whether x = x is a cause of y = y is np - complete in binary models ( where all variables can take on only two values ) and \ sigma_2 ^ p - complete in general models . in the final version of their paper , halpern and pearl slightly modified the definition of actual cause , in order to deal with problems pointed by hopkins and pearl . as we show , this modific ←
→ a uniqueness theorem for clustering ; despite the widespread use of clustering , there is distressingly little general theory of clustering available . questions like " what distinguishes a clustering of data from other data partitioning ?", " are there any principles governing all clustering paradigms ?", " how should a user choose an appropriate clustering algorithm for a particular task ?", etc . are almost completely unanswered by the existing body of clustering literature . we consider an axiomatic approach to t ←
→ towards more accurate clustering method by using dynamic time warping ; an intrinsic problem of classifiers based on machine learning ( ml ) methods is that their learning time grows as the size and complexity of the training dataset increases . for this reason , it is important to have efficient computational methods and algorithms that can be applied on large datasets , such that it is still possible to complete the machine learning tasks in reasonable time . in this context , we present in this paper a more acc ←
→ enhancing automatically discovered multi - level acoustic patterns considering context consistency with applications in spoken term detection ; this paper presents a novel approach for enhancing the multiple sets of acoustic patterns automatically discovered from a given corpus . in a previous work it was proposed that different hmm configurations ( number of states per model , number of distinct models ) for the acoustic patterns form a two - dimensional space . multiple sets of acoustic patterns automatically di ←
→ modeling curiosity in a mobile robot for long - term autonomous exploration and monitoring ; this paper presents a novel approach to modeling curiosity in a mobile robot , which is useful for monitoring and adaptive data collection tasks , especially in the context of long term autonomous missions where pre - programmed missions are likely to have limited utility . we use a realtime topic modeling technique to build a semantic perception model of the environment , using which , we plan a path through the locations ←
→ multi resolution lstm for long term prediction in neural activity video ; epileptic seizures are caused by abnormal , overly syn - chronized , electrical activity in the brain . the abnor - mal electrical activity manifests as waves , propagating across the brain . accurate prediction of the propagation velocity and direction of these waves could enable real - time responsive brain stimulation to suppress or prevent the seizures entirely . however , this problem is very chal - lenging because the algorithm must be abl ←
→ tiered clustering to improve lexical entailment ; many tasks in natural language processing involve recognizing lexical entailment . two different approaches to this problem have been proposed recently that are quite different from each other . the first is an asymmetric similarity measure designed to give high scores when the contexts of the narrower term in the entailment are a subset of those of the broader term . the second is a supervised approach where a classifier is learned to predict entailment given ←
→ learning paired - associate images with an unsupervised deep learning architecture ; this paper presents an unsupervised multi - modal learning system that learns associative representation from two input modalities , or channels , such that input on one channel will correctly generate the associated response at the other and vice versa . in this way , the system develops a kind of supervised classification model meant to simulate aspects of human associative memory . the system uses a deep learning architecture (←
→ credal networks under maximum entropy ; we apply the principle of maximum entropy to select a unique joint probability distribution from the set of all joint probability distributions specified by a credal network . in detail , we start by showing that the unique joint distribution of a bayesian tree coincides with the maximum entropy model of its conditional distributions . this result , however , does not hold anymore for general bayesian networks . we thus present a new kind of maximum entropy models , which ar ←
→ logic programming with satisfiability ; this paper presents a prolog interface to the minisat satisfiability solver . logic program - ming with satisfiability combines the strengths of the two paradigms : logic programming for encoding search problems into satisfiability on the one hand and efficient sat solving on the other . this synergy between these two exposes a programming paradigm which we propose here as a logic programming pearl . to illustrate logic programming with sat solving we give an example prolo ←
→ learning spatio - temporal representation with pseudo - 3d residual networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have been regarded as a powerful class of models for image recognition problems . nevertheless , it is not trivial when utilizing a cnn for learning spatio - temporal video representation . a few studies have shown that performing 3d convolutions is a rewarding approach to capture both spatial and temporal dimensions in videos . however , the development of a very deep 3d cnn from scratch results in expen ←
→ an adaptive fuzzy - based system to simulate , quantify and compensate color blindness ; about 8 % of the male population of the world are affected by a determined type of color vision disturbance , which varies from the partial to complete reduction of the ability to distinguish certain colors . a considerable amount of color blind people are able to live all life long without knowing they have color vision disabilities and abnormalities . nowadays the evolution of information technology and computer science , s ←
→ dgt - tm : a freely available translation memory in 22 languages ; the european commission ' s ( ec ) directorate general for translation , together with the ec ' s joint research centre , is making available a large translation memory ( tm ; i . e . sentences and their professionally produced translations ) covering twenty - two official european union ( eu ) languages and their 231 language pairs . such a resource is typically used by translation professionals in combination with tm software to improve speed and consistency of ←
→ dropout with expectation - linear regularization ; dropout , a simple and effective way to train deep neural networks , has led to a number of impressive empirical successes and spawned many recent theoretical investigations . however , the gap between dropout ' s training and inference phases , introduced due to tractability considerations , has largely remained under - appreciated . in this work , we first formulate dropout as a tractable approximation of some latent variable model , leading to a clean view of parameter ←
→ named entity recognition with bidirectional lstm - cnns ; named entity recognition is a challenging task that has traditionally required large amounts of knowledge in the form of feature engineering and lexicons to achieve high performance . in this paper , we present a novel neural network architecture that automatically detects word - and character - level features using a hybrid bidirectional lstm and cnn architecture , eliminating the need for most feature engineering . we also propose a novel method of encoding ←
→ nlp and call : integration is working ; in the first part of this article , we explore the background of computer - assisted learning from its beginnings in the early xixth century and the first teaching machines , founded on theories of learning , at the start of the xxth century . with the arrival of the computer , it became possible to offer language learners different types of language activities such as comprehension tasks , simulations , etc . however , these have limits that cannot be overcome without some contr ←
→ bayesian estimation of multidimensional latent variables and its asymptotic accuracy ; hierarchical learning models , such as mixture models and bayesian networks , are widely employed for unsupervised learning tasks , such as clustering analysis . they consist of observable and hidden variables , which represent the given data and their hidden generation process , respectively . it has been pointed out that conventional statistical analysis is not applicable to these models , because redundancy of the latent var ←
→ an in - depth look at information fusion rules & the unification of fusion theories ; this paper may look like a glossary of the fusion rules and we also introduce new ones presenting their formulas and examples : conjunctive , disjunctive , exclusive disjunctive , mixed conjunctive - disjunctive rules , conditional rule , dempster ' s , yager ' s , smets ' tbm rule , dubois - prade ' s , dezert - smarandache classical and hybrid rules , murphy ' s average rule , inagaki - lefevre - colot - vannoorenberghe unified combination rules [ and , a ←
→ style transfer for anime sketches with enhanced residual u - net and auxiliary classifier gan ; recently , with the revolutionary neural style transferring methods , creditable paintings can be synthesized automatically from content images and style images . however , when it comes to the task of applying a painting ' s style to an anime sketch , these methods will just randomly colorize sketch lines as outputs and fail in the main task : specific style tranfer . in this paper , we integrated residual u - net to apply ←
→ intercomparison of machine learning methods for statistical downscaling : the case of daily and extreme precipitation ; statistical downscaling of global climate models ( gcms ) allows researchers to study local climate change effects decades into the future . a wide range of statistical models have been applied to downscaling gcms but recent advances in machine learning have not been explored . in this paper , we compare four fundamental statistical methods , bias correction spatial disaggregation ( bcsd ), ordin ←
→ provable sparse tensor decomposition ; we propose a novel sparse tensor decomposition method , namely tensor truncated power ( ttp ) method , that incorporates variable selection into the estimation of decomposition components . the sparsity is achieved via an efficient truncation step embedded in the tensor power iteration . our method applies to a broad family of high dimensional latent variable models , including high dimensional gaussian mixture and mixtures of sparse regressions . a thorough theoretical invest ←
→ towards a formal distributional semantics : simulating logical calculi with tensors ; the development of compositional distributional models of semantics reconciling the empirical aspects of distributional semantics with the compositional aspects of formal semantics is a popular topic in the contemporary literature . this paper seeks to bring this reconciliation one step further by showing how the mathematical constructs commonly used in compositional distributional models , such as tensors and matrices , can ←
→ news across languages - cross - lingual document similarity and event tracking ; in today ' s world , we follow news which is distributed globally . significant events are reported by different sources and in different languages . in this work , we address the problem of tracking of events in a large multilingual stream . within a recently developed system event registry we examine two aspects of this problem : how to compare articles in different languages and how to link collections of articles in different langu ←
→ generating visual explanations ; clearly explaining a rationale for a classification decision to an end - user can be as important as the decision itself . existing approaches for deep visual recognition are generally opaque and do not output any justification text ; contemporary vision - language models can describe image content but fail to take into account class - discriminative image aspects which justify visual predictions . we propose a new model that focuses on the discriminating properties of the visible ob ←
→ efficient divide - and - conquer classification based on feature - space decomposition ; this study presents a divide - and - conquer ( dc ) approach based on feature space decomposition for classification . when large - scale datasets are present , typical approaches usually employed truncated kernel methods on the feature space or dc approaches on the sample space . however , this did not guarantee separability between classes , owing to overfitting . to overcome such problems , this work proposes a novel dc approach on fea ←
→ an automated auto - encoder correlation - based health - monitoring and prognostic method for machine bearings ; this paper studies an intelligent ultimate technique for health - monitoring and prognostic of common rotary machine components , particularly bearings . during a run - to - failure experiment , rich unsupervised features from vibration sensory data are extracted by a trained sparse auto - encoder . then , the correlation of the extracted attributes of the initial samples ( presumably healthy at the beginning of t ←
→ input anticipating critical reservoirs show power law forgetting of unexpected input events ; usually , reservoir computing shows an exponential memory decay . this paper investigates under which circumstances echo state networks can show a power law forgetting . that means traces of earlier events can be found in the reservoir for very long time spans . such a setting requires critical connectivity exactly at the limit of what is permissible according the echo state condition . however , for general matrices t ←
→ automated analytic asymptotic evaluation of the marginal likelihood for latent models ; we present and implement two algorithms for analytic asymptotic evaluation of the marginal likelihood of data given a bayesian network with hidden nodes . as shown by previous work , this evaluation is particularly hard for latent bayesian network models , namely networks that include hidden variables , where asymptotic approximation deviates from the standard bic score . our algorithms solve two central difficulties in asy ←
→ completing low - rank matrices with corrupted samples from few coefficients in general basis ; subspace recovery from corrupted and missing data is crucial for various applications in signal processing and information theory . to complete missing values and detect column corruptions , existing robust matrix completion ( mc ) methods mostly concentrate on recovering a low - rank matrix from few corrupted coefficients w . r . t . standard basis , which , however , does not apply to more general basis , e . g ., fourier basis . ←
→ an implementation of apertium based assamese morphological analyzer ; morphological analysis is an important branch of linguistics for any natural language processing technology . morphology studies the word structure and formation of word of a language . in current scenario of nlp research , morphological analysis techniques have become more popular day by day . for processing any language , morphology of the word should be first analyzed . assamese language contains very complex morphological structure . in our ←
→ evolution and analysis of embodied spiking neural networks reveals task - specific clusters of effective networks ; elucidating principles that underlie computation in neural networks is currently a major research topic of interest in neuroscience . transfer entropy ( te ) is increasingly used as a tool to bridge the gap between network structure , function , and behavior in fmri studies . computational models allow us to bridge the gap even further by directly associating individual neuron activity with behavior ←
→ opennmt : open - source toolkit for neural machine translation ; we describe an open - source toolkit for neural machine translation ( nmt ). the toolkit prioritizes efficiency , modularity , and extensibility with the goal of supporting nmt research into model architectures , feature representations , and source modalities , while maintaining competitive performance and reasonable training requirements . the toolkit consists of modeling and translation support , as well as detailed pedagogical documentation about the un ←
→ a fully dense and globally consistent 3d map reconstruction approach for gi tract to enhance therapeutic relevance of the endoscopic capsule robot ; in the gastrointestinal ( gi ) tract endoscopy field , ingestible wireless capsule endoscopy is emerging as a novel , minimally invasive diagnostic technology for inspection of the gi tract and diagnosis of a wide range of diseases and pathologies . since the development of this technology , medical device companies and many research groups have made substantial pr ←
→ non - linear convolution filters for cnn - based learning ; during the last years , convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have achieved state - of - the - art performance in image classification . their architectures have largely drawn inspiration by models of the primate visual system . however , while recent research results of neuroscience prove the existence of non - linear operations in the response of complex visual cells , little effort has been devoted to extend the convolution technique to non - linear forms . typical ←
→ deepstance at semeval - 2016 task 6 : detecting stance in tweets using character and word - level cnns ; this paper describes our approach for the detecting stance in tweets task ( semeval - 2016 task 6 ). we utilized recent advances in short text categorization using deep learning to create word - level and character - level models . the choice between word - level and character - level models in each particular case was informed through validation performance . our final system is a combination of classifiers using word - l ←
→ a brief survey of text mining : classification , clustering and extraction techniques ; the amount of text that is generated every day is increasing dramatically . this tremendous volume of mostly unstructured text cannot be simply processed and perceived by computers . therefore , efficient and effective techniques and algorithms are required to discover useful patterns . text mining is the task of extracting meaningful information from text , which has gained significant attentions in recent years . in this pap ←
→ deep object - centric representations for generalizable robot learning ; robotic manipulation in complex open - world scenarios requires both reliable physical manipulation skills and effective and generalizable perception . in this paper , we propose a method where general purpose pretrained visual models serve as an object - centric prior for the perception system of a learned policy . we devise an object - level attentional mechanism that can be used to determine relevant objects from a few trajectories or demonstr ←
→ an efficient primal - dual prox method for non - smooth optimization ; we study the non - smooth optimization problems in machine learning , where both the loss function and the regularizer are non - smooth functions . previous studies on efficient empirical loss minimization assume either a smooth loss function or a strongly convex regularizer , making them unsuitable for non - smooth optimization . we develop a simple yet efficient method for a family of non - smooth optimization problems where the dual form of the loss ←
→ inverse reinforcement learning with gaussian process ; we present new algorithms for inverse reinforcement learning ( irl , or inverse optimal control ) in convex optimization settings . we argue that finite - space irl can be posed as a convex quadratic program under a bayesian inference framework with the objective of maximum a posterior estimation . to deal with problems in large or even infinite state space , we propose a gaussian process model and use preference graphs to represent observations of decision tra ←
→ variational optimization ; we discuss a general technique that can be used to form a differentiable bound on the optima of non - differentiable or discrete objective functions . we form a unified description of these methods and consider under which circumstances the bound is concave . in particular we consider two concrete applications of the method , namely sparse learning and support vector classification .←
→ a balanced k - means algorithm for weighted point sets ; the classical $ k $- means algorithm for partitioning $ n $ points in $\ mathbb { r }^ d $ into $ k $ clusters is one of the most popular and widely spread clustering methods . the need to respect prescribed lower bounds on the cluster sizes has been observed in many scientific and business applications . in this paper , we present and analyze a generalization of $ k $- means that is capable of handling weighted point sets and prescribed lower and upper bounds on the cl ←
→ a fuzzy relational identification algorithm and its application to predict the behaviour of a motor drive system ; fuzzy relational identification builds a relational model describing systems behaviour by a nonlinear mapping between its variables . in this paper , we propose a new fuzzy relational algorithm based on simplified max - min relational equation . the algorithm presents an adaptation method applied to gravity - center of each fuzzy set based on error integral value between measured and predicted syste ←
→ a hierarchical dirichlet process model with multiple levels of clustering for human eeg seizure modeling ; driven by the multi - level structure of human intracranial electroencephalogram ( ieeg ) recordings of epileptic seizures , we introduce a new variant of a hierarchical dirichlet process --- the multi - level clustering hierarchical dirichlet process ( mlc - hdp )--- that simultaneously clusters datasets on multiple levels . our seizure dataset contains brain activity recorded in typically more than a hundred indi ←
→ a heuristic method for solving the problem of partitioning graphs with supply and demand ; in this paper we present a greedy algorithm for solving the problem of the maximum partitioning of graphs with supply and demand ( mpgsd ). the goal of the method is to solve the mpgsd for large graphs in a reasonable time limit . this is done by using a two stage greedy algorithm , with two corresponding types of heuristics . the solutions acquired in this way are improved by applying a computationally inexpensive , hill ←
→ anchoring and agreement in syntactic annotations ; we present a study on two key characteristics of human syntactic annotations : anchoring and agreement . anchoring is a well known cognitive bias in human decision making , where judgments are drawn towards pre - existing values . we study the influence of anchoring on a standard approach to creation of syntactic resources where syntactic annotations are obtained via human editing of tagger and parser output . our experiments demonstrate a clear anchoring effect a ←
→ is ( iris security ) ; in the paper will be presented a safety system based on iridology . the results suggest a new scenario where the security problem in supervised and unsupervised areas can be treat with the present system and the iris image recognition .←
→ a sufficiently fast algorithm for finding close to optimal junction trees ; an algorithm is developed for finding a close to optimal junction tree of a given graph g . the algorithm has a worst case complexity o ( c ^ k n ^ a ) where a and c are constants , n is the number of vertices , and k is the size of the largest clique in a junction tree of g in which this size is minimized . the algorithm guarantees that the logarithm of the size of the state space of the heaviest clique in the junction tree produced is less ←
→ a new evaluation protocol and benchmarking results for extendable cross - media retrieval ; this paper proposes a new evaluation protocol for cross - media retrieval which better fits the real - word applications . both image - text and text - image retrieval modes are considered . traditionally , class labels in the training and testing sets are identical . that is , it is usually assumed that the query falls into some pre - defined classes . however , in practice , the content of a query image / text may vary extensively , an ←
→ recursive total least - squares algorithm based on inverse power method and dichotomous coordinate - descent iterations ; we develop a recursive total least - squares ( rtls ) algorithm for errors - in - variables system identification utilizing the inverse power method and the dichotomous coordinate - descent ( dcd ) iterations . the proposed algorithm , called dcd - rtls , outperforms the previously - proposed rtls algorithms , which are based on the line - search method , with reduced computational complexity . we perform a compr ←
→ roxybot - 06 : stochastic prediction and optimization in tac travel ; in this paper , we describe our autonomous bidding agent , roxybot , who emerged victorious in the travel division of the 2006 trading agent competition in a photo finish . at a high level , the design of many successful trading agents can be summarized as follows : ( i ) price prediction : build a model of market prices ; and ( ii ) optimization : solve for an approximately optimal set of bids , given this model . to predict , roxybot builds a stochastic m ←
→ efficient iris recognition through improvement of feature extraction and subset selection ; the selection of the optimal feature subset and the classification has become an important issue in the field of iris recognition . in this paper we propose several methods for iris feature subset selection and vector creation . the deterministic feature sequence is extracted from the iris image by using the contourlet transform technique . contourlet transform captures the intrinsic geometrical structures of iris ima ←
→ extending the small - ball method ; the small - ball method was introduced as a way of obtaining a high probability , isomorphic lower bound on the quadratic empirical process , under weak assumptions on the indexing class . the key assumption was that class members satisfy a uniform small - ball estimate , that is , $ pr (| f | \ geq \ kappa \| f \| _ { l_2 }) \ geq \ delta $ for given constants $\ kappa $ and $\ delta $. here we extend the small - ball method and obtain a high probability , almost - isometric ( rather than isomorphic ) lowe ←
→ a hybrid recurrent neural network for music transcription ; we investigate the problem of incorporating higher - level symbolic score - like information into automatic music transcription ( amt ) systems to improve their performance . we use recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) and their variants as music language models ( mlms ) and present a generative architecture for combining these models with predictions from a frame level acoustic classifier . we also compare different neural network architectures for acoustic mod ←
→ stochastic backpropagation through mixture density distributions ; the ability to backpropagate stochastic gradients through continuous latent distributions has been crucial to the emergence of variational autoencoders and stochastic gradient variational bayes . the key ingredient is an unbiased and low - variance way of estimating gradients with respect to distribution parameters from gradients evaluated at distribution samples . the " reparameterization trick " provides a class of transforms yielding such estim ←
→ dual - tree wavelet scattering network with parametric log transformation for object classification ; we introduce a scatternet that uses a parametric log transformation with dual - tree complex wavelets to extract translation invariant representations from a multi - resolution image . the parametric transformation aids the ols pruning algorithm by converting the skewed distributions into relatively mean - symmetric distributions while the dual - tree wavelets improve the computational efficiency of the network . the ←
→ constraint programming viewed as rule - based programming ; we study here a natural situation when constraint programming can be entirely reduced to rule - based programming . to this end we explain first how one can compute on constraint satisfaction problems using rules represented by simple first - order formulas . then we consider constraint satisfaction problems that are based on predefined , explicitly given constraints . to solve them we first derive rules from these explicitly given constraints and limit the ←
→ superpixel based segmentation and classification of polyps in wireless capsule endoscopy ; wireless capsule endoscopy ( wce ) is a relatively new technology to record the entire gi trace , in vivo . the large amounts of frames captured during an examination cause difficulties for physicians to review all these frames . the need for reducing the reviewing time using some intelligent methods has been a challenge . polyps are considered as growing tissues on the surface of intestinal tract not inside of an organ . ←
→ geodesics of learned representations ; we develop a new method for visualizing and refining the invariances of learned representations . specifically , we test for a general form of invariance , linearization , in which the action of a transformation is confined to a low - dimensional subspace . given two reference images ( typically , differing by some transformation ), we synthesize a sequence of images lying on a path between them that is of minimal length in the space of the representation ( a " representational ge ←
→ risk agoras : dialectical argumentation for scientific reasoning ; we propose a formal framework for intelligent systems which can reason about scientific domains , in particular about the carcinogenicity of chemicals , and we study its properties . our framework is grounded in a philosophy of scientific enquiry and discourse , and uses a model of dialectical argumentation . the formalism enables representation of scientific uncertainty and conflict in a manner suitable for qualitative reasoning about the domain .←
→ asymptotic learning curve and renormalizable condition in statistical learning theory ; bayes statistics and statistical physics have the common mathematical structure , where the log likelihood function corresponds to the random hamiltonian . recently , it was discovered that the asymptotic learning curves in bayes estimation are subject to a universal law , even if the log likelihood function can not be approximated by any quadratic form . however , it is left unknown what mathematical property ensures such a ←
→ stochastic optimization from distributed , streaming data in rate - limited networks ; motivated by machine learning applications in networks of sensors , internet - of - things ( iot ) devices , and autonomous agents , we propose techniques for distributed stochastic convex learning from high - rate data streams . the setup involves a network of nodes --- each one of which has a stream of data arriving at a constant rate --- that solve a stochastic convex optimization problem by collaborating with each other over rate - limi ←
→ an efficient method for recognizing the low quality fingerprint verification by means of cross correlation ; in this paper , we propose an efficient method to provide personal identification using fingerprint to get better accuracy even in noisy condition . the fingerprint matching based on the number of corresponding minutia pairings , has been in use for a long time , which is not very efficient for recognizing the low quality fingerprints . to overcome this problem , correlation technique is used . the correl ←
→ integrative semantic dependency parsing via efficient large - scale feature selection ; semantic parsing , i . e ., the automatic derivation of meaning representation such as an instantiated predicate - argument structure for a sentence , plays a critical role in deep processing of natural language . unlike all other top systems of semantic dependency parsing that have to rely on a pipeline framework to chain up a series of submodels each specialized for a specific subtask , the one presented in this article integra ←
→ graph convolutional networks for named entity recognition ; in this paper we investigate the role of the dependency tree in a named entity recognizer upon using a set of gcn . we perform a comparison among different ner architectures and show that the grammar of a sentence positively influences the results . experiments on the ontonotes dataset demonstrate consistent performance improvements , without requiring heavy feature engineering nor additional language - specific knowledge .←
→ what ' s in my closet ?: image classification using fuzzy logic ; a fuzzy system was created in matlab to identify an item of clothing as a dress , shirt , or pair of pants from a series of input images . the system was initialized using a high - contrast vector - image of each item of clothing as the state closest to a direct solution . nine other user - input images ( three of each item ) were also used to determine the characteristic function of each item and recognize each pattern . mamdani inference systems were used ←
→ is neural network a reliable forecaster on earth ? a mars query ! ; long - term rainfall prediction is a challenging task especially in the modern world where we are facing the major environmental problem of global warming . in general , climate and rainfall are highly non - linear phenomena in nature exhibiting what is known as the butterfly effect . while some regions of the world are noticing a systematic decrease in annual rainfall , others notice increases in flooding and severe storms . the global nature of this ←
→ segsalsa - str : a convex formulation to supervised hyperspectral image segmentation using hidden fields and structure tensor regularization ; we present a supervised hyperspectral image segmentation algorithm based on a convex formulation of a marginal maximum a posteriori segmentation with hidden fields and structure tensor regularization : segmentation via the constraint split augmented lagrangian shrinkage by structure tensor regularization ( segsalsa - str ). this formulation avoids the generally discrete na ←
→ discriminative functional connectivity measures for brain decoding ; we propose a statistical learning model for classifying cognitive processes based on distributed patterns of neural activation in the brain , acquired via functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ). in the proposed learning method , local meshes are formed around each voxel . the distance between voxels in the mesh is determined by using a functional neighbourhood concept . in order to define the functional neighbourhood , the similarities be ←
→ laplacian support vector machines trained in the primal ; in the last few years , due to the growing ubiquity of unlabeled data , much effort has been spent by the machine learning community to develop better understanding and improve the quality of classifiers exploiting unlabeled data . following the manifold regularization approach , laplacian support vector machines ( lapsvms ) have shown the state of the art performance in semi -- supervised classification . in this paper we present two strategies to solve the ←
→ language - constraint reachability learning in probabilistic graphs ; the probabilistic graphs framework models the uncertainty inherent in real - world domains by means of probabilistic edges whose value quantifies the likelihood of the edge existence or the strength of the link it represents . the goal of this paper is to provide a learning method to compute the most likely relationship between two nodes in a framework based on probabilistic graphs . in particular , given a probabilistic graph we adopted the lan ←
→ development of the sp machine ; this paper describes the main things that need to be done to develop the " sp machine ", based on the " sp theory of intelligence " and its realisation in the " sp computer model ". the sp machine may be developed initially as a software virtual machine with high levels of parallel processing , hosted on a high - performance computer , or driven by high - parallel search processes in any of the leading search engines . an easy - to - use user interface is needed with facilities for visualisat ←
→ a lightweight regression method to infer psycholinguistic properties for brazilian portuguese ; psycholinguistic properties of words have been used in various approaches to natural language processing tasks , such as text simplification and readability assessment . most of these properties are subjective , involving costly and time - consuming surveys to be gathered . recent approaches use the limited datasets of psycholinguistic properties to extend them automatically to large lexicons . however , some of the re ←
→ a framework with updateable joint images re - ranking for person re - identification ; person re - identification plays an important role in realistic video surveillance with increasing demand for public safety . in this paper , we propose a novel framework with rules of updating images for person re - identification in real - world surveillance system . first , image pool is generated by using mean - shift tracking method to automatically select video frame fragments of the target person . second , features extracted from ←
→ source - target inference models for spatial instruction understanding ; models that can execute natural language instructions for situated robotic tasks such as assembly and navigation have several useful applications in homes , offices , and remote scenarios . we study the semantics of spatially - referred configuration and arrangement instructions , based on the challenging bisk - 2016 blank - labeled block dataset . this task involves finding a source block and moving it to the target position ( mentioned via a refer ←
→ convnets and imagenet beyond accuracy : explanations , bias detection , adversarial examples and model criticism ; convnets and imagenet have driven the recent success of deep learning for image classification . however , the marked slowdown in performance improvement , the recent studies on the lack of robustness of neural networks to adversarial examples and their tendency to exhibit undesirable biases ( e . g racial biases ) questioned the reliability and the sustained development of these methods . this work inv ←
→ intphys : a framework and benchmark for visual intuitive physics reasoning ; in order to reach human performance on complex visual tasks , artificial systems need to incorporate a significant amount of understanding of the world in terms of macroscopic objects , movements , forces , etc . inspired by work on intuitive physics in infants , we propose an evaluation framework which diagnoses how much a given system understands about physics by testing whether it can tell apart well matched videos of possible versus ←
→ a novel active contour model for texture segmentation ; texture is intuitively defined as a repeated arrangement of a basic pattern or object in an image . there is no mathematical definition of a texture though . the human visual system is able to identify and segment different textures in a given image . automating this task for a computer is far from trivial . there are three major components of any texture segmentation algorithm : ( a ) the features used to represent a texture , ( b ) the metric induced on this r ←
→ arbitrary facial attribute editing : only change what you want ; facial attribute editing aims to modify either single or multiple attributes on a face image . since it is practically infeasible to collect images with arbitrarily specified attributes for each person , the generative adversarial net ( gan ) and the encoder - decoder architecture are usually incorporated to handle this task . with the encoder - decoder architecture , arbitrary attribute editing can then be conducted by decoding the latent representation ←
→ deductive algorithmic knowledge ; the framework of algorithmic knowledge assumes that agents use algorithms to compute the facts they explicitly know . in many cases of interest , a deductive system , rather than a particular algorithm , captures the formal reasoning used by the agents to compute what they explicitly know . we introduce a logic for reasoning about both implicit and explicit knowledge with the latter defined with respect to a deductive system formalizing a logical theory for agents . the highly st ←
→ learning convolutional text representations for visual question answering ; visual question answering is a recently proposed artificial intelligence task that requires a deep understanding of both images and texts . in deep learning , images are typically modeled through convolutional neural networks , and texts are typically modeled through recurrent neural networks . while the requirement for modeling images is similar to traditional computer vision tasks , such as object recognition and image classification ←
→ genetic algorithms in astronomy and astrophysics ; genetic algorithms ( gas ) emulate the process of biological evolution , in a computational setting , in order to generate good solutions to difficult search and optimisation problems . ga - based optimisers tend to be extremely robust and versatile compared to most traditional techniques used to solve optimisation problems . this review paper provides a very brief introduction to gas and outlines their utility in astronomy and astrophysics .←
→ improving ecological niche models by data mining large environmental datasets for surrogate models ; whywhere is a new ecological niche modeling ( enm ) algorithm for mapping and explaining the distribution of species . the algorithm uses image processing methods to efficiently sift through large amounts of data to find the few variables that best predict species occurrence . the purpose of this paper is to describe and justify the main parameterizations and to show preliminary success at rapidly providing ac ←
→ crepe : a convolutional representation for pitch estimation ; the task of estimating the fundamental frequency of a monophonic sound recording , also known as pitch tracking , is fundamental to audio processing with multiple applications in speech processing and music information retrieval . to date , the best performing techniques , such as the pyin algorithm , are based on a combination of dsp pipelines and heuristics . while such techniques perform very well on average , there remain many cases in which they fail ←
→ functional brain imaging with multi - objective multi - modal evolutionary optimization ; functional brain imaging is a source of spatio - temporal data mining problems . a new framework hybridizing multi - objective and multi - modal optimization is proposed to formalize these data mining problems , and addressed through evolutionary computation ( ec ). the merits of ec for spatio - temporal data mining are demonstrated as the approach facilitates the modelling of the experts ' requirements , and flexibly accommodates the ←
→ a two - phase safe vehicle routing and scheduling problem : formulations and solution algorithms ; we propose a two phase time dependent vehicle routing and scheduling optimization model that identifies the safest routes , as a substitute for the classical objectives given in the literature such as shortest distance or travel time , through ( 1 ) avoiding recurring congestions , and ( 2 ) selecting routes that have a lower probability of crash occurrences and non - recurring congestion caused by those crashes . in the ←
→ sentiment polarity detection for software development ; the role of sentiment analysis is increasingly emerging to study software developers ' emotions by mining crowd - generated content within social software engineering tools . however , off - the - shelf sentiment analysis tools have been trained on non - technical domains and general - purpose social media , thus resulting in misclassifications of technical jargon and problem reports . here , we present senti4sd , a classifier specifically trained to support sentiment ←
→ deep speaker : an end - to - end neural speaker embedding system ; we present deep speaker , a neural speaker embedding system that maps utterances to a hypersphere where speaker similarity is measured by cosine similarity . the embeddings generated by deep speaker can be used for many tasks , including speaker identification , verification , and clustering . we experiment with rescnn and gru architectures to extract the acoustic features , then mean pool to produce utterance - level speaker embeddings , and train using t ←
→ multi - class classification : mirror descent approach ; we consider the problem of multi - class classification and a stochastic opti - mization approach to it . we derive risk bounds for stochastic mirror descent algorithm and provide examples of set geometries that make the use of the algorithm efficient in terms of error in k .←
→ multi - class model fitting by energy minimization and mode - seeking ; we propose a general formulation , called multi - x , for multi - class multi - instance model fitting - the problem of interpreting the input data as a mixture of noisy observations originating from multiple instances of multiple classes . we extend the commonly used alpha - expansion - based technique with a new move in the label space . the move replaces a set of labels with the corresponding density mode in the model parameter domain , thus achieving ←
→ facial expression recognition using visual saliency and deep learning ; we have developed a convolutional neural network for the purpose of recognizing facial expressions in human beings . we have fine - tuned the existing convolutional neural network model trained on the visual recognition dataset used in the ilsvrc2012 to two widely used facial expression datasets - cfee and rafd , which when trained and tested independently yielded test accuracies of 74 . 79 % and 95 . 71 %, respectively . generalization of results ←
→ digitizing municipal street inspections using computer vision ; " people want an authority to tell them how to value things . but they chose this authority not based on facts or results . they chose it because it seems authoritative and familiar ." - the big short the pavement condition index is one such a familiar measure used by many us cities to measure street quality and justify billions of dollars spent every year on street repair . these billion - dollar decisions are based on evaluation criteria that are ←
→ enhanced techniques for pdf image segmentation and text extraction ; extracting text objects from the pdf images is a challenging problem . the text data present in the pdf images contain certain useful information for automatic annotation , indexing etc . however variations of the text due to differences in text style , font , size , orientation , alignment as well as complex structure make the problem of automatic text extraction extremely difficult and challenging job . this paper presents two techniques under b ←
→ approximate search with quantized sparse representations ; this paper tackles the task of storing a large collection of vectors , such as visual descriptors , and of searching in it . to this end , we propose to approximate database vectors by constrained sparse coding , where possible atom weights are restricted to belong to a finite subset . this formulation encompasses , as particular cases , previous state - of - the - art methods such as product or residual quantization . as opposed to traditional sparse coding metho ←
→ scout - it : interior tomography using modified scout acquisition ; global scout views have been previously used to reduce interior reconstruction artifacts in high - resolution micro - ct and c - arm systems . however these methods cannot be directly used in the all - important domain of clinical ct . this is because when the ct scan is truncated , the scout views are also truncated . however many cases of truncation in clinical ct involve partial truncation , where the anterio - posterior ( ap ) scout is truncated , but the m ←
→ an influence - based fast preceding questionnaire model for elderly assessments ; to improve the efficiency of elderly assessments , an influence - based fast preceding questionnaire model ( fpqm ) is proposed . compared with traditional assessments , the fpqm optimizes questionnaires by reordering their attributes . the values of low - ranking attributes can be predicted by the values of the high - ranking attributes . therefore , the number of attributes can be reduced without redesigning the questionnaires . a new func ←
→ graph centrality measures for boosting popularity - based entity linking ; many entity linking systems use collective graph - based methods to disambiguate the entity mentions within a document . most of them have focused on graph construction and initial weighting of the candidate entities , less attention has been devoted to compare the graph ranking algorithms . in this work , we focus on the graph - based ranking algorithms , therefore we propose to apply five centrality measures : degree , hits , pagerank , betweenne ←
→ dlpaper2code : auto - generation of code from deep learning research papers ; with an abundance of research papers in deep learning , reproducibility or adoption of the existing works becomes a challenge . this is due to the lack of open source implementations provided by the authors . further , re - implementing research papers in a different library is a daunting task . to address these challenges , we propose a novel extensible approach , dlpaper2code , to extract and understand deep learning design flow diagrams and ←
→ recurrent dropout without memory loss ; this paper presents a novel approach to recurrent neural network ( rnn ) regularization . differently from the widely adopted dropout method , which is applied to \ textit { forward } connections of feed - forward architectures or rnns , we propose to drop neurons directly in \ textit { recurrent } connections in a way that does not cause loss of long - term memory . our approach is as easy to implement and apply as the regular feed - forward dropout and we demonstrate its effectiveness ←
→ learning multi - scale representations for material classification ; the recent progress in sparse coding and deep learning has made unsupervised feature learning methods a strong competitor to hand - crafted descriptors . in computer vision , success stories of learned features have been predominantly reported for object recognition tasks . in this paper , we investigate if and how feature learning can be used for material recognition . we propose two strategies to incorporate scale information into the learning pr ←
→ object - part attention model for fine - grained image classification ; fine - grained image classification is to recognize hundreds of subcategories belonging to the same basic - level category , such as 200 subcategories belonging to the bird , which is highly challenging due to large variance in the same subcategory and small variance among different subcategories . existing methods generally first locate the objects or parts and then discriminate which subcategory the image belongs to . however , they mainly have tw ←
→ how open should open source be ? ; many open - source projects land security fixes in public repositories before shipping these patches to users . this paper presents attacks on such projects - taking firefox as a case - study - that exploit patch metadata to efficiently search for security patches prior to shipping . using access - restricted bug reports linked from patch descriptions , security patches can be immediately identified for 260 out of 300 days of firefox 3 development . in response to mozilla obfuscating ←
→ a temporal logic for uncertain events and an outline of a possible implementation in an extension of prolog ; there is uncertainty associated with the occurrence of many events in real life . in this paper we develop a temporal logic to deal with such uncertain events and outline a possible implementation in an extension of prolog . events are represented as fuzzy sets with the membership function giving the possibility of occurrence of the event in a given interval of time . the developed temporal logic is ←
→ deep convolutional neural networks for breast cancer histology image analysis ; breast cancer is one of the main causes of cancer death worldwide . early diagnostics significantly increases the chances of correct treatment and survival , but this process is tedious and often leads to a disagreement between pathologists . computer - aided diagnosis systems showed potential for improving the diagnostic accuracy . in this work , we develop the computational approach based on deep convolution neural networks for bre ←
→ continuation semantics for multi - quantifier sentences : operation - based approaches ; classical scope - assignment strategies for multi - quantifier sentences involve quantifier phrase ( qp )- movement . more recent continuation - based approaches provide a compelling alternative , for they interpret qp ' s in situ - without resorting to logical forms or any structures beyond the overt syntax . the continuation - based strategies can be divided into two groups : those that locate the source of scope - ambiguity in the rules o ←
→ learning a driving simulator ; comma . ai ' s approach to artificial intelligence for self - driving cars is based on an agent that learns to clone driver behaviors and plans maneuvers by simulating future events in the road . this paper illustrates one of our research approaches for driving simulation . one where we learn to simulate . here we investigate variational autoencoders with classical and learned cost functions using generative adversarial networks for embedding road frames . afterwards , we learn a transit ←
→ convexity shape constraints for image segmentation ; segmenting an image into multiple components is a central task in computer vision . in many practical scenarios , prior knowledge about plausible components is available . incorporating such prior knowledge into models and algorithms for image segmentation is highly desirable , yet can be non - trivial . in this work , we introduce a new approach that allows , for the first time , to constrain some or all components of a segmentation to have convex shapes . specific ←
→ towards semantic fast - forward and stabilized egocentric videos ; the emergence of low - cost personal mobiles devices and wearable cameras and the increasing storage capacity of video - sharing websites have pushed forward a growing interest towards first - person videos . since most of the recorded videos compose long - running streams with unedited content , they are tedious and unpleasant to watch . the fast - forward state - of - the - art methods are facing challenges of balancing the smoothness of the video and the emph ←
→ pwls - ultra : an efficient clustering and learning - based approach for low - dose 3d ct image reconstruction ; the development of computed tomography ( ct ) image reconstruction methods that significantly reduce patient radiation exposure while maintaining high image quality is an important area of research in low - dose ct ( ldct ) imaging . we propose a new penalized weighted least squares ( pwls ) reconstruction method that exploits regularization based on an efficient union of learned transforms ( pwls - ultra ). the u ←
→ cross - media similarity evaluation for web image retrieval in the wild ; in order to retrieve unlabeled images by textual queries , cross - media similarity computation is a key ingredient . although novel methods are continuously introduced , little has been done to evaluate these methods together with large - scale query log analysis . consequently , how far have these methods brought us in answering real - user queries is unclear . given baseline methods that compute cross - media similarity using relatively simple tex ←
→ period - halving bifurcation of a neuronal recurrence equation ; we study the sequences generated by neuronal recurrence equations of the form $ x ( n ) = {\ bf 1 }[\ sum_ { j = 1 }^{ h } a_ { j } x ( n - j )- \ theta ]$. from a neuronal recurrence equation of memory size $ h $ which describes a cycle of length $\ rho ( m ) \ times lcm ( p_0 , p_1 ,..., p_ {- 1 +\ rho ( m )})$, we construct a set of $\ rho ( m )$ neuronal recurrence equations whose dynamics describe respectively the transient of length $ o (\ rho ( m ) \ times lcm ( p_0 , ..., p_ { d }))$ and the cyc ←
→ diabetic retinopathy detection via deep convolutional networks for discriminative localization and visual explanation ; we proposed a deep learning method for interpretable diabetic retinopathy ( dr ) detection . the visual - interpretable feature of the proposed method is achieved by adding the regression activation map ( ram ) after the global averaging pooling layer of the convolutional networks ( cnn ). with ram , the proposed model can localize the discriminative regions of an retina image to show the specific ←
→ foot anthropometry device and single object image thresholding ; this paper introduces a device , algorithm and graphical user interface to obtain anthropometric measurements of foot . presented device facilitates obtaining scale of image and image processing by taking one image from side foot and underfoot simultaneously . introduced image processing algorithm minimizes a noise criterion , which is suitable for object detection in single object images and outperforms famous image thresholding methods when ligh ←
→ a concept learning approach to multisensory object perception ; this paper presents a computational model of concept learning using bayesian inference for a grammatically structured hypothesis space , and test the model on multisensory ( visual and haptics ) recognition of 3d objects . the study is performed on a set of artificially generated 3d objects known as fribbles , which are complex , multipart objects with categorical structures . the goal of this work is to develop a working multisensory representational ←
→ diverse and accurate image description using a variational auto - encoder with an additive gaussian encoding space ; this paper explores image caption generation using conditional variational auto - encoders ( cvaes ). standard cvaes with a fixed gaussian prior yield descriptions with too little variability . instead , we propose two models that explicitly structure the latent space around $ k $ components corresponding to different types of image content , and combine components to create priors for images that con ←
→ reflectance intensity assisted automatic and accurate extrinsic calibration of 3d lidar and panoramic camera using a printed chessboard ; this paper presents a novel method for fully automatic and convenient extrinsic calibration of a 3d lidar and a panoramic camera with a normally printed chessboard . the proposed method is based on the 3d corner estimation of the chessboard from the sparse point cloud generated by one frame scan of the lidar . to estimate the corners , we formulate a full - scale model of th ←
→ toward inverse control of physics - based sound synthesis ; long short - term memory networks ( lstms ) can be trained to realize inverse control of physics - based sound synthesizers . physics - based sound synthesizers simulate the laws of physics to produce output sound according to input gesture signals . when a user ' s gestures are measured in real time , she or he can use them to control physics - based sound synthesizers , thereby creating simulated virtual instruments . an intriguing question is how to program a comp ←
→ learning unification - based grammars using the spoken english corpus ; this paper describes a grammar learning system that combines model - based and data - driven learning within a single framework . our results from learning grammars using the spoken english corpus ( sec ) suggest that combined model - based and data - driven learning can produce a more plausible grammar than is the case when using either learning style isolation .←
→ a study of associative evidential reasoning ; evidential reasoning is cast as the problem of simplifying the evidence - hypothesis relation and constructing combination formulas that possess certain testable properties . important classes of evidence as identifiers , annihilators , and idempotents and their roles in determining binary operations on intervals of reals are discussed . the appropriate way of constructing formulas for combining evidence and their limitations , for instance , in robustness , are presente ←
→ anytime neural network : a versatile trade - off between computation and accuracy ; anytime predictors first produce crude results quickly , and then continuously refine them until the test - time computational budget is depleted . such predictors are used in real - time vision systems and streaming - data processing to efficiently utilize varying test - time budgets , and to reduce average prediction cost via early - exits . however , anytime prediction algorithms have difficulties utilizing the accurate predictions of de ←
→ sensitivity analysis for threshold decision making with dynamic networks ; the effect of inaccuracies in the parameters of a dynamic bayesian network can be investigated by subjecting the network to a sensitivity analysis . having detailed the resulting sensitivity functions in our previous work , we now study the effect of parameter inaccuracies on a recommended decision in view of a threshold decision - making model . we detail the effect of varying a single and multiple parameters from a conditional probabili ←
→ optimization of clustering for clustering - based image denoising ; in this paper , the problem of de - noising of an image contaminated with additive white gaussian noise ( awgn ) is studied . this subject has been continued to be an open problem in signal processing for more than 50 years . in the present paper , we suggest a method based on global clustering of image constructing blocks . noting that the type of clustering plays an important role in clustering - based de - noising methods , we address two questions abou ←
→ nonparametric bayes dynamic modeling of relational data ; symmetric binary matrices representing relations among entities are commonly collected in many areas . our focus is on dynamically evolving binary relational matrices , with interest being in inference on the relationship structure and prediction . we propose a nonparametric bayesian dynamic model , which reduces dimensionality in characterizing the binary matrix through a lower - dimensional latent space representation , with the latent coordinates evolvin ←
→ class probability estimation via differential geometric regularization ; we study the problem of supervised learning for both binary and multiclass classification from a unified geometric perspective . in particular , we propose a geometric regularization technique to find the submanifold corresponding to a robust estimator of the class probability $ p ( y |\ pmb { x })$. the regularization term measures the volume of this submanifold , based on the intuition that overfitting produces rapid local oscillations and henc ←
→ dense correspondences across scenes and scales ; we seek a practical method for establishing dense correspondences between two images with similar content , but possibly different 3d scenes . one of the challenges in designing such a system is the local scale differences of objects appearing in the two images . previous methods often considered only small subsets of image pixels ; matching only pixels for which stable scales may be reliably estimated . more recently , others have considered dense correspondences ,←
→ soundnet : learning sound representations from unlabeled video ; we learn rich natural sound representations by capitalizing on large amounts of unlabeled sound data collected in the wild . we leverage the natural synchronization between vision and sound to learn an acoustic representation using two - million unlabeled videos . unlabeled video has the advantage that it can be economically acquired at massive scales , yet contains useful signals about natural sound . we propose a student - teacher training procedure ←
→ exploring geometric property thresholds for filtering non - text regions in a connected component based text detection application ; automated text detection is a difficult computer vision task . in order to accurately detect and identity text in an image or video , two major problems must be addressed . the primary problem is implementing a robust and reliable method for distinguishing text vs non - text regions in images and videos . part of the difficulty stems from the almost unlimited combinations of fonts , ←
→ classification with asymmetric label noise : consistency and maximal denoising ; in many real - world classification problems , the labels of training examples are randomly corrupted . most previous theoretical work on classification with label noise assumes that the two classes are separable , that the label noise is independent of the true class label , or that the noise proportions for each class are known . in this work , we give conditions that are necessary and sufficient for the true class - conditional distr ←
→ deep active learning for dialogue generation ; we propose an online , end - to - end , neural generative conversational model for open - domain dialogue . it is trained using a unique combination of offline two - phase supervised learning and online human - in - the - loop active learning . while most existing research proposes offline supervision or hand - crafted reward functions for online reinforcement , we devise a novel interactive learning mechanism based on hamming - diverse beam search for response generation and one - cha ←
→ image forgery localization based on multi - scale convolutional neural networks ; in this paper , we propose to utilize convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) and the segmentation - based multi - scale analysis to locate tampered areas in digital images . first , to deal with color input sliding windows of different scales , a unified cnn architecture is designed . then , we elaborately design the training procedures of cnns on sampled training patches . with a set of robust multi - scale tampering detectors based on cnns ←
→ towards machine intelligence ; there exists a theory of a single general - purpose learning algorithm which could explain the principles of its operation . this theory assumes that the brain has some initial rough architecture , a small library of simple innate circuits which are prewired at birth and proposes that all significant mental algorithms can be learned . given current understanding and observations , this paper reviews and lists the ingredients of such an algorithm from both architectural and functiona ←
→ evaluating and modelling hanabi - playing agents ; agent modelling involves considering how other agents will behave , in order to influence your own actions . in this paper , we explore the use of agent modelling in the hidden - information , collaborative card game hanabi . we implement a number of rule - based agents , both from the literature and of our own devising , in addition to an information set monte carlo tree search ( is - mcts ) agent . we observe poor results from is - mcts , so construct a new , predictor version ←
→ end - to - end neural sentence ordering using pointer network ; sentence ordering is one of important tasks in nlp . previous works mainly focused on improving its performance by using pair - wise strategy . however , it is nontrivial for pair - wise models to incorporate the contextual sentence information . in addition , error prorogation could be introduced by using the pipeline strategy in pair - wise models . in this paper , we propose an end - to - end neural approach to address the sentence ordering problem , which uses t ←
→ a knowledge engineer ' s comparison of three evidence aggregation methods ; the comparisons of uncertainty calculi from the last two uncertainty workshops have all used theoretical probabilistic accuracy as the sole metric . while mathematical correctness is important , there are other factors which should be considered when developing reasoning systems . these other factors include , among other things , the error in uncertainty measures obtainable for the problem and the effect of this error on the performance o ←
→ inverse - category - frequency based supervised term weighting scheme for text categorization ; term weighting schemes often dominate the performance of many classifiers , such as knn , centroid - based classifier and svms . the widely used term weighting scheme in text categorization , i . e ., tf . idf , is originated from information retrieval ( ir ) field . the intuition behind idf for text categorization seems less reasonable than ir . in this paper , we introduce inverse category frequency ( icf ) into term weighting sche ←
→ robust keyframe - based dense slam with an rgb - d camera ; in this paper , we present rkd - slam , a robust keyframe - based dense slam approach for an rgb - d camera that can robustly handle fast motion and dense loop closure , and run without time limitation in a moderate size scene . it not only can be used to scan high - quality 3d models , but also can satisfy the demand of vr and ar applications . first , we combine color and depth information to construct a very fast keyframe - based tracking method on a cpu , which can ←
→ smoothgrad : removing noise by adding noise ; explaining the output of a deep network remains a challenge . in the case of an image classifier , one type of explanation is to identify pixels that strongly influence the final decision . a starting point for this strategy is the gradient of the class score function with respect to the input image . this gradient can be interpreted as a sensitivity map , and there are several techniques that elaborate on this basic idea . this paper makes two contributions : it introd ←
→ edge - based recognition of novel objects for robotic grasping ; in this paper , we investigate the problem of grasping novel objects in unstructured environments . to address this problem , consideration of the object geometry , reachability and force closure analysis are required . we propose a framework for grasping unknown objects by localizing contact regions on the contours formed by a set of depth edges in a single view 2d depth image . according to the edge geometric features obtained from analyzing the dat ←
→ introducing variable importance tradeoffs into cp - nets ; the ability to make decisions and to assess potential courses of action is a corner - stone of many ai applications , and usually this requires explicit information about the decision - maker s preferences . in many applications , preference elicitation is a serious bottleneck . the user either does not have the time , the knowledge , or the expert support required to specify complex multi - attribute utility functions . in such cases , a method that is based on i ←
→ specface - a dataset of human faces wearing spectacles ; this paper presents a database of human faces for persons wearing spectacles . the database consists of images of faces having significant variations with respect to illumination , head pose , skin color , facial expressions and sizes , and nature of spectacles . the database contains data of 60 subjects . this database is expected to be a precious resource for the development and evaluation of algorithms for face detection , eye detection , head tracking , eye ←
→ learning discriminative trajectorylet detector sets for accurate skeleton - based action recognition ; the introduction of low - cost rgb - d sensors has promoted the research in skeleton - based human action recognition . devising a representation suitable for characterising actions on the basis of noisy skeleton sequences remains a challenge , however . we here provide two insights into this challenge . first , we show that the discriminative information of a skeleton sequence usually resides in a short temporal int ←
→ the hidden web , xml and semantic web : a scientific data management perspective ; the world wide web no longer consists just of html pages . our work sheds light on a number of trends on the internet that go beyond simple web pages . the hidden web provides a wealth of data in semi - structured form , accessible through web forms and web services . these services , as well as numerous other applications on the web , commonly use xml , the extensible markup language . xml has become the lingua franca of the internet ←
→ learning complexity - aware cascades for deep pedestrian detection ; the design of complexity - aware cascaded detectors , combining features of very different complexities , is considered . a new cascade design procedure is introduced , by formulating cascade learning as the lagrangian optimization of a risk that accounts for both accuracy and complexity . a boosting algorithm , denoted as complexity aware cascade training ( compact ), is then derived to solve this optimization . compact cascades are shown to seek an o ←
→ kernel cuts : mrf meets kernel & spectral clustering ; we propose a new segmentation model combining common regularization energies , e . g . markov random field ( mrf ) potentials , and standard pairwise clustering criteria like normalized cut ( nc ), average association ( aa ), etc . these clustering and regularization models are widely used in machine learning and computer vision , but they were not combined before due to significant differences in the corresponding optimization , e . g . spectral relaxation and combinato ←
→ a neuro - mathematical model for geometrical optical illusions ; geometrical optical illusions have been object of many studies due to the possibility they offer to understand the behaviour of low - level visual processing . they consist in situations in which the perceived geometrical properties of an object differ from those of the object in the visual stimulus . starting from the geometrical model introduced by citti and sarti in [ 3 ], we provide a mathematical model and a computational algorithm which allows t ←
→ sistem pendukung keputusan kelayakan tki ke luar negeri menggunakan fmadm ; bp3tki palembang is the government agencies that coordinate , execute and selection of prospective migrants registration and placement . to simplify the existing procedures and improve decision - making is necessary to build a decision support system ( dss ) to determine eligibility for employment abroad by applying fuzzy multiple attribute decision making ( fmadm ), using the linear sequential systems development methods . the system is b ←
→ consistency results for stationary autoregressive processes with constrained coefficients ; we consider stationary autoregressive processes with coefficients restricted to an ellipsoid , which includes autoregressive processes with absolutely summable coefficients . we provide consistency results under different norms for the estimation of such processes using constrained and penalized estimators . as an application we show some weak form of universal consistency . simulations show that directly including the ←
→ branch - and - prune search strategies for numerical constraint solving ; when solving numerical constraints such as nonlinear equations and inequalities , solvers often exploit pruning techniques , which remove redundant value combinations from the domains of variables , at pruning steps . to find the complete solution set , most of these solvers alternate the pruning steps with branching steps , which split each problem into subproblems . this forms the so - called branch - and - prune framework , well known among the appr ←
→ deep class aware denoising ; the increasing demand for high image quality in mobile devices brings forth the need for better computational enhancement techniques , and image denoising in particular . at the same time , the images captured by these devices can be categorized into a small set of semantic classes . however simple , this observation has not been exploited in image denoising until now . in this paper , we demonstrate how the reconstruction quality improves when a denoiser is aware of the type of conten ←
→ recognition of handwritten roman script using tesseract open source ocr engine ; in the present work , we have used tesseract 2 . 01 open source optical character recognition ( ocr ) engine under apache license 2 . 0 for recognition of handwriting samples of lower case roman script . handwritten isolated and free - flow text samples were collected from multiple users . tesseract is trained to recognize user - specific handwriting samples of both the categories of document pages . on a single user model , the system is t ←
→ a hierarchical emotion regulated sensorimotor model : case studies ; inspired by the hierarchical cognitive architecture and the perception - action model ( pam ), we propose that the internal status acts as a kind of common - coding representation which affects , mediates and even regulates the sensorimotor behaviours . these regulation can be depicted in the bayesian framework , that is why cognitive agents are able to generate behaviours with subtle differences according to their emotion or recognize the emotion b ←
→ polymorphic self -* agents for stigmergic fault mitigation in large - scale real - time embedded systems ; organization and coordination of agents within large - scale , complex , distributed environments is one of the primary challenges in the field of multi - agent systems . a lot of interest has surfaced recently around self -* ( self - organizing , self - managing , self - optimizing , self - protecting ) agents . this paper presents polymorphic self -* agents that evolve a core set of roles and behavior based on environmental c ←
→ switching between hidden markov models using fixed share ; in prediction with expert advice the goal is to design online prediction algorithms that achieve small regret ( additional loss on the whole data ) compared to a reference scheme . in the simplest such scheme one compares to the loss of the best expert in hindsight . a more ambitious goal is to split the data into segments and compare to the best expert on each segment . this is appropriate if the nature of the data changes between segments . the standard ←
→ clearing the skies : a deep network architecture for single - image rain removal ; we introduce a deep network architecture called derainnet for removing rain streaks from an image . based on the deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ), we directly learn the mapping relationship between rainy and clean image detail layers from data . because we do not possess the ground truth corresponding to real - world rainy images , we synthesize images with rain for training . in contrast to other common strategies that incre ←
→ knowledge matters : importance of prior information for optimization ; we explore the effect of introducing prior information into the intermediate level of neural networks for a learning task on which all the state - of - the - art machine learning algorithms tested failed to learn . we motivate our work from the hypothesis that humans learn such intermediate concepts from other individuals via a form of supervision or guidance using a curriculum . the experiments we have conducted provide positive evidence in favo ←
→ automatic question - answering using a deep similarity neural network ; automatic question - answering is a classical problem in natural language processing , which aims at designing systems that can automatically answer a question , in the same way as human does . in this work , we propose a deep learning based model for automatic question - answering . first the questions and answers are embedded using neural probabilistic modeling . then a deep similarity neural network is trained to find the similarity score of a p ←
→ adversarial sets for regularising neural link predictors ; in adversarial training , a set of models learn together by pursuing competing goals , usually defined on single data instances . however , in relational learning and other non - i . i . d domains , goals can also be defined over sets of instances . for example , a link predictor for the is - a relation needs to be consistent with the transitivity property : if is - a ( x_1 , x_2 ) and is - a ( x_2 , x_3 ) hold , is - a ( x_1 , x_3 ) needs to hold as well . here we use such assumption ←
→ discriminative phrase embedding for paraphrase identification ; this work , concerning paraphrase identification task , on one hand contributes to expanding deep learning embeddings to include continuous and discontinuous linguistic phrases . on the other hand , it comes up with a new scheme tf - kld - knn to learn the discriminative weights of words and phrases specific to paraphrase task , so that a weighted sum of embeddings can represent sentences more effectively . based on these two innovations we get competiti ←
→ large - scale approximate kernel canonical correlation analysis ; kernel canonical correlation analysis ( kcca ) is a nonlinear multi - view representation learning technique with broad applicability in statistics and machine learning . although there is a closed - form solution for the kcca objective , it involves solving an $ n \ times n $ eigenvalue system where $ n $ is the training set size , making its computational requirements in both memory and time prohibitive for large - scale problems . various approximation techni ←
→ on clustering and embedding mixture manifolds using a low rank neighborhood approach ; samples from intimate ( non - linear ) mixtures are generally modeled as being drawn from a smooth manifold . scenarios where the data contains multiple intimate mixtures with some constituent materials in common can be thought of as manifolds which share a boundary . two important steps in the processing of such data are ( i ) to identify ( cluster ) the different mixture - manifolds present in the data and ( ii ) to eliminate the n ←
→ controllable invariance through adversarial feature learning ; learning meaningful representations that maintain the content necessary for a particular task while filtering away detrimental variations is a problem of great interest in machine learning . in this paper , we tackle the problem of learning representations invariant to a specific factor or trait of data . the representation learning process is formulated as an adversarial minimax game . we analyze the optimal equilibrium of such a game and find that ←
→ grid long short - term memory ; this paper introduces grid long short - term memory , a network of lstm cells arranged in a multidimensional grid that can be applied to vectors , sequences or higher dimensional data such as images . the network differs from existing deep lstm architectures in that the cells are connected between network layers as well as along the spatiotemporal dimensions of the data . the network provides a unified way of using lstm for both deep and sequential computation . we apply the model to ←
→ cross - view asymmetric metric learning for unsupervised person re - identification ; while metric learning is important for person re - identification ( re - id ), a significant problem in visual surveillance for cross - view pedestrian matching , existing metric models for re - id are mostly based on supervised learning that requires quantities of labeled samples in all pairs of camera views for training . however , this limits their scalabilities to realistic applications , in which a large amount of data over multiple ←
→ biometrics for child vaccination and welfare : persistence of fingerprint recognition for infants and toddlers ; with a number of emerging applications requiring biometric recognition of children ( e . g ., tracking child vaccination schedules , identifying missing children and preventing newborn baby swaps in hospitals ), investigating the temporal stability of biometric recognition accuracy for children is important . the persistence of recognition accuracy of three of the most commonly used biometric traits ( f ←
→ enhancing the functional content of protein interaction networks ; protein interaction networks are a promising type of data for studying complex biological systems . however , despite the rich information embedded in these networks , they face important data quality challenges of noise and incompleteness that adversely affect the results obtained from their analysis . here , we explore the use of the concept of common neighborhood similarity ( cns ), which is a form of local structure in networks , to address thes ←
→ land use classification in remote sensing images by convolutional neural networks ; we explore the use of convolutional neural networks for the semantic classification of remote sensing scenes . two recently proposed architectures , caffenet and googlenet , are adopted , with three different learning modalities . besides conventional training from scratch , we resort to pre - trained networks that are only fine - tuned on the target data , so as to avoid overfitting problems and reduce design time . experiments on tw ←
→ melinda : an interlinking framework for the web of data ; the web of data consists of data published on the web in such a way that they can be interpreted and connected together . it is thus critical to establish links between these data , both for the web of data and for the semantic web that it contributes to feed . we consider here the various techniques developed for that purpose and analyze their commonalities and differences . we propose a general framework and show how the diverse techniques fit in the fr ←
→ pixcolor : pixel recursive colorization ; we propose a novel approach to automatically produce multiple colorized versions of a grayscale image . our method results from the observation that the task of automated colorization is relatively easy given a low - resolution version of the color image . we first train a conditional pixelcnn to generate a low resolution color for a given grayscale image . then , given the generated low - resolution color image and the original grayscale image as inputs , we train a second c ←
→ objective probability ; a distinction is sometimes made between " statistical " and " subjective " probabilities . this is based on a distinction between " unique " events and " repeatable " events . we argue that this distinction is untenable , since all events are " unique " and all events belong to " kinds ", and offer a conception of probability for a1 in which ( 1 ) all probabilities are based on -- possibly vague -- statistical knowledge , and ( 2 ) every statement in the language has a probability . this conception of pr ←
→ integrative windowing ; in this paper we re - investigate windowing for rule learning algorithms . we show that , contrary to previous results for decision tree learning , windowing can in fact achieve significant run - time gains in noise - free domains and explain the different behavior of rule learning algorithms by the fact that they learn each rule independently . the main contribution of this paper is integrative windowing , a new type of algorithm that further exploits this property by integrating good rules in ←
→ modeling events as machines ; the notion of events has occupied a central role in modeling and has an influence in computer science and philosophy . recent developments in diagrammatic modeling have made it possible to examine conceptual representation of events . this paper explores some aspects of the notion of events that are produced by applying a new diagrammatic methodology with a focus on the interaction of events with such concepts as time and space , objects . the proposed description applies to abstra ←
→ improved optimization of finite sums with minibatch stochastic variance reduced proximal iterations ; we present novel minibatch stochastic optimization methods for empirical risk minimization problems , the methods efficiently leverage variance reduced first - order and sub - sampled higher - order information to accelerate the convergence speed . for quadratic objectives , we prove improved iteration complexity over state - of - the - art under reasonable assumptions . we also provide empirical evidence of the advantag ←
→ tensor based second order variational model for image reconstruction ; second order total variation ( sotv ) models have advantages for image reconstruction over their first order counterparts including their ability to remove the staircase artefact in the reconstructed image , but they tend to blur the reconstructed image . to overcome this drawback , we introduce a new tensor weighted second order ( twso ) model for image reconstruction . specifically , we develop a novel regulariser for the sotv model that uses t ←
→ statistical inference in hidden markov models using $ k $- segment constraints ; hidden markov models ( hmms ) are one of the most widely used statistical methods for analyzing sequence data . however , the reporting of output from hmms has largely been restricted to the presentation of the most - probable ( map ) hidden state sequence , found via the viterbi algorithm , or the sequence of most probable marginals using the forward - backward ( f - b ) algorithm . in this article , we expand the amount of information we could ←
→ on the universal approximation property and equivalence of stochastic computing - based neural networks and binary neural networks ; large - scale deep neural networks are both memory intensive and computation - intensive , thereby posing stringent requirements on the computing platforms . hardware accelerations of deep neural networks have been extensively investigated in both industry and academia . specific forms of binary neural networks ( bnns ) and stochastic computing based neural networks ( scnns ) are particu ←
→ on $ p $- adic classification ; a $ p $- adic modification of the split - lbg classification method is presented in which first clusterings and then cluster centers are computed which locally minimise an energy function . the outcome for a fixed dataset is independent of the prime number $ p $ with finitely many exceptions . the methods are applied to the construction of $ p $- adic classifiers in the context of learning .←
→ clausal temporal resolution ; in this article , we examine how clausal resolution can be applied to a specific , but widely used , non - classical logic , namely discrete linear temporal logic . thus , we first define a normal form for temporal formulae and show how arbitrary temporal formulae can be translated into the normal form , while preserving satisfiability . we then introduce novel resolution rules that can be applied to formulae in this normal form , provide a range of examples and examine the correctness an ←
→ learning to order things ; there are many applications in which it is desirable to order rather than classify instances . here we consider the problem of learning how to order instances given feedback in the form of preference judgments , i . e ., statements to the effect that one instance should be ranked ahead of another . we outline a two - stage approach in which one first learns by conventional means a binary preference function indicating whether it is advisable to rank one instance before another . here we co ←
→ etude de modèles à base de réseaux bayésiens pour l ' aide au diagnostic de tumeurs cérébrales ; this article describes different models based on bayesian networks rb modeling expertise in the diagnosis of brain tumors . indeed , they are well adapted to the representation of the uncertainty in the process of diagnosis of these tumors . in our work , we first tested several structures derived from the bayesian network reasoning performed by doctors on the one hand and structures generated automatically on the o ←
→ sparse modeling for image and vision processing ; in recent years , a large amount of multi - disciplinary research has been conducted on sparse models and their applications . in statistics and machine learning , the sparsity principle is used to perform model selection --- that is , automatically selecting a simple model among a large collection of them . in signal processing , sparse coding consists of representing data with linear combinations of a few dictionary elements . subsequently , the corresponding tools ha ←
→ efficient moving point handling for incremental 3d manifold reconstruction ; as incremental structure from motion algorithms become effective , a good sparse point cloud representing the map of the scene becomes available frame - by - frame . from the 3d delaunay triangulation of these points , state - of - the - art algorithms build a manifold rough model of the scene . these algorithms integrate incrementally new points to the 3d reconstruction only if their position estimate does not change . indeed , whenever a point ←
→ how we can control the crack to propagate along the specified path feasibly ? ; a controllable crack propagation ( ccp ) strategy is suggested . it is well known that crack always leads the failure by crossing the critical domain in engineering structure . therefore , the ccp method is proposed to control the crack to propagate along the specified path , which is away from the critical domain . to complete this strategy , two optimization methods are engaged . firstly , a back propagation neural network ( bpnn ) assis ←
→ towards automatic generation of entertaining dialogues in chinese crosstalks ; crosstalk , also known by its chinese name xiangsheng , is a traditional chinese comedic performing art featuring jokes and funny dialogues , and one of china ' s most popular cultural elements . it is typically in the form of a dialogue between two performers for the purpose of bringing laughter to the audience , with one person acting as the leading comedian and the other as the supporting role . though general dialogue generation ha ←
→ note on attacking object detectors with adversarial stickers ; deep learning has proven to be a powerful tool for computer vision and has seen widespread adoption for numerous tasks . however , deep learning algorithms are known to be vulnerable to adversarial examples . these adversarial inputs are created such that , when provided to a deep learning algorithm , they are very likely to be mislabeled . this can be problematic when deep learning is used to assist in safety critical decisions . recent research has s ←
→ reconstruction - free action inference from compressive imagers ; persistent surveillance from camera networks , such as at parking lots , uavs , etc ., often results in large amounts of video data , resulting in significant challenges for inference in terms of storage , communication and computation . compressive cameras have emerged as a potential solution to deal with the data deluge issues in such applications . however , inference tasks such as action recognition require high quality features which implies recons ←
→ enhanced object detection via fusion with prior beliefs from image classification ; in this paper , we introduce a novel fusion method that can enhance object detection performance by fusing decisions from two different types of computer vision tasks : object detection and image classification . in the proposed work , the class label of an image obtained from image classification is viewed as prior knowledge about existence or non - existence of certain objects . the prior knowledge is then fused with the decisi ←
→ scalable greedy feature selection via weak submodularity ; greedy algorithms are widely used for problems in machine learning such as feature selection and set function optimization . unfortunately , for large datasets , the running time of even greedy algorithms can be quite high . this is because for each greedy step we need to refit a model or calculate a function using the previously selected choices and the new candidate . two algorithms that are faster approximations to the greedy forward selection were ←
→ density adaptive parallel clustering ; in this paper we are going to introduce a new nearest neighbours based approach to clustering , and compare it with previous solutions ; the resulting algorithm , which takes inspiration from both dbscan and minimum spanning tree approaches , is deterministic but proves simpler , faster and doesnt require to set in advance a value for k , the number of clusters .←
→ why pairdiff works ? -- a mathematical analysis of bilinear relational compositional operators for analogy detection ; representing the semantic relations that exist between two given words ( or entities ) is an important first step in a wide - range of nlp applications such as analogical reasoning , knowledge base completion and relational information retrieval . a simple , yet surprisingly accurate method for representing a relation between two words is to compute the vector offset (\ pairdiff ) between their cor ←
→ applying policy iteration for training recurrent neural networks ; recurrent neural networks are often used for learning time - series data . based on a few assumptions we model this learning task as a minimization problem of a nonlinear least - squares cost function . the special structure of the cost function allows us to build a connection to reinforcement learning . we exploit this connection and derive a convergent , policy iteration - based algorithm . furthermore , we argue that rnn training can be fit naturally ←
→ adaptive graph via multiple kernel learning for nonnegative matrix factorization ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) has been continuously evolving in several areas like pattern recognition and information retrieval methods . it factorizes a matrix into a product of 2 low - rank non - negative matrices that will define parts - based , and linear representation of nonnegative data . recently , graph regularized nmf ( grnmf ) is proposed to find a compact representation , which uncovers the hidden semantics and simu ←
→ min max generalization for two - stage deterministic batch mode reinforcement learning : relaxation schemes ; we study the minmax optimization problem introduced in [ 22 ] for computing policies for batch mode reinforcement learning in a deterministic setting . first , we show that this problem is np - hard . in the two - stage case , we provide two relaxation schemes . the first relaxation scheme works by dropping some constraints in order to obtain a problem that is solvable in polynomial time . the second relaxation ←
→ out - of - sample extension of graph adjacency spectral embedding ; many popular dimensionality reduction procedures have out - of - sample extensions , which allow a practitioner to apply a learned embedding to observations not seen in the initial training sample . in this work , we consider the problem of obtaining an out - of - sample extension for the adjacency spectral embedding , a procedure for embedding the vertices of a graph into euclidean space . we present two different approaches to this problem , one based on a ←
→ wasserstein distributional robustness and regularization in statistical learning ; a central question in statistical learning is to design algorithms that not only perform well on training data , but also generalize to new and unseen data . in this paper , we tackle this question by formulating a distributionally robust stochastic optimization ( drso ) problem , which seeks a solution that minimizes the worst - case expected loss over a family of distributions that are close to the empirical distribution in wasse ←
→ information density as a factor for variation in the embedding of relative clauses ; in german , relative clauses can be positioned in - situ or extraposed . a potential factor for the variation might be information density . in this study , this hypothesis is tested with a corpus of 17th century german funeral sermons . for each referent in the relative clauses and their matrix clauses , the attention state was determined ( first calculation ). in a second calculation , for each word the surprisal values were deter ←
→ a large contextual dataset for classification , detection and counting of cars with deep learning ; we have created a large diverse set of cars from overhead images , which are useful for training a deep learner to binary classify , detect and count them . the dataset and all related material will be made publically available . the set contains contextual matter to aid in identification of difficult targets . we demonstrate classification and detection on this dataset using a neural network we call resception . ←
→ a tabu search algorithm for the multi - period inspector scheduling problem ; this paper introduces a multi - period inspector scheduling problem ( mpisp ), which is a new variant of the multi - trip vehicle routing problem with time windows ( vrptw ). in the mpisp , each inspector is scheduled to perform a route in a given multi - period planning horizon . at the end of each period , each inspector is not required to return to the depot but has to stay at one of the vertices for recuperation . if the remaining time of t ←
→ deep residual hashing ; hashing aims at generating highly compact similarity preserving code words which are well suited for large - scale image retrieval tasks . most existing hashing methods first encode the images as a vector of hand - crafted features followed by a separate binarization step to generate hash codes . this two - stage process may produce sub - optimal encoding . in this paper , for the first time , we propose a deep architecture for supervised hashing through residual learning , termed deep residual ←
→ moving object detection by detecting contiguous outliers in the low - rank representation ; object detection is a fundamental step for automated video analysis in many vision applications . object detection in a video is usually performed by object detectors or background subtraction techniques . often , an object detector requires manually labeled examples to train a binary classifier , while background subtraction needs a training sequence that contains no objects to build a background model . to automate the ←
→ text summarization techniques : a brief survey ; in recent years , there has been a explosion in the amount of text data from a variety of sources . this volume of text is an invaluable source of information and knowledge which needs to be effectively summarized to be useful . in this review , the main approaches to automatic text summarization are described . we review the different processes for summarization and describe the effectiveness and shortcomings of the different methods .←
→ neural codes for image retrieval ; it has been shown that the activations invoked by an image within the top layers of a large convolutional neural network provide a high - level descriptor of the visual content of the image . in this paper , we investigate the use of such descriptors ( neural codes ) within the image retrieval application . in the experiments with several standard retrieval benchmarks , we establish that neural codes perform competitively even when the convolutional neural network has been trained ←
→ dopamine modulation of prefrontal delay activity - reverberatory activity and sharpness of tuning curves ; recent electrophysiological experiments have shown that dopamine ( d1 ) modulation of pyramidal cells in prefrontal cortex reduces spike frequency adaptation and enhances nmda transmission . using four models , from multicompartmental to integrate and fire , we examine the effects of these modulations on sustained ( delay ) activity in a reverberatory network . we find that d1 modulation may enable robust netw ←
→ localized lrr on grassmann manifolds : an extrinsic view ; subspace data representation has recently become a common practice in many computer vision tasks . it demands generalizing classical machine learning algorithms for subspace data . low - rank representation ( lrr ) is one of the most successful models for clustering vectorial data according to their subspace structures . this paper explores the possibility of extending lrr for subspace data on grassmann manifolds . rather than directly embedding the grassman ←
→ hierarchical evidence and belief functions ; dempster / shafer ( d / s ) theory has been advocated as a way of representing incompleteness of evidence in a system ' s knowledge base . methods now exist for propagating beliefs through chains of inference . this paper discusses how rules with attached beliefs , a common representation for knowledge in automated reasoning systems , can be transformed into the joint belief functions required by propagation algorithms . a rule is taken as defining a conditional belief functi ←
→ enabling dark energy science with deep generative models of galaxy images ; understanding the nature of dark energy , the mysterious force driving the accelerated expansion of the universe , is a major challenge of modern cosmology . the next generation of cosmological surveys , specifically designed to address this issue , rely on accurate measurements of the apparent shapes of distant galaxies . however , shape measurement methods suffer from various unavoidable biases and therefore will rely on a precise cali ←
→ overlapping mixtures of gaussian processes for the data association problem ; in this work we introduce a mixture of gps to address the data association problem , i . e . to label a group of observations according to the sources that generated them . unlike several previously proposed gp mixtures , the novel mixture has the distinct characteristic of using no gating function to determine the association of samples and mixture components . instead , all the gps in the mixture are global and samples are clustered f ←
→ multi - modal geolocation estimation using deep neural networks ; estimating the location where an image was taken based solely on the contents of the image is a challenging task , even for humans , as properly labeling an image in such a fashion relies heavily on contextual information , and is not as simple as identifying a single object in the image . thus any methods which attempt to do so must somehow account for these complexities , and no single model to date is completely capable of addressing all challeng ←
→ identity alignment by noisy pixel removal ; identity alignment models assume precisely annotated images manually . human labelling is unrealistic on large sized imagery data . detection models introduce varying amount of noise and hamper identity alignment performance . in this work , we propose to refine images by removing the undesired pixels . this is achieved by learning to eliminate less informative pixels in identity alignment . to this end , we formulate a method of automatically detecting and removing iden ←
→ supervised classification performance of multispectral images ; nowadays government and private agencies use remote sensing imagery for a wide range of applications from military applications to farm development . the images may be a panchromatic , multispectral , hyperspectral or even ultraspectral of terra bytes . remote sensing image classification is one amongst the most significant application worlds for remote sensing . a few number of image classification algorithms have proved good precision in classifyi ←
→ a learning algorithm for relational logistic regression : preliminary results ; relational logistic regression ( rlr ) is a representation of conditional probability in terms of weighted formulae for modelling multi - relational data . in this paper , we develop a learning algorithm for rlr models . learning an rlr model from data consists of two steps : 1 - learning the set of formulae to be used in the model ( a . k . a . structure learning ) and learning the weight of each formula ( a . k . a . parameter learning ). for struc ←
→ spotting rumors via novelty detection ; rumour detection is hard because the most accurate systems operate retrospectively , only recognizing rumours once they have collected repeated signals . by then the rumours might have already spread and caused harm . we introduce a new category of features based on novelty , tailored to detect rumours early on . to compensate for the absence of repeated signals , we make use of news wire as an additional data source . unconfirmed ( novel ) information with respect to the news ←
→ parser for abstract meaning representation using learning to search ; we develop a novel technique to parse english sentences into abstract meaning representation ( amr ) using searn , a learning to search approach , by modeling the concept and the relation learning in a unified framework . we evaluate our parser on multiple datasets from varied domains and show an absolute improvement of 2 % to 6 % over the state - of - the - art . additionally we show that using the most frequent concept gives us a baseline that is str ←
→ on the semantics of merging ; intelligent agents are often faced with the problem of trying to merge possibly conflicting pieces of information obtained from different sources into a consistent view of the world . we propose a framework for the modelling of such merging operations with roots in the work of spohn ( 1988 , 1991 ). unlike most approaches we focus on the merging of epistemic states , not knowledge bases . we construct a number of plausible merging operations and measure them against various propertie ←
→ automatic environmental sound recognition : performance versus computational cost ; in the context of the internet of things ( iot ), sound sensing applications are required to run on embedded platforms where notions of product pricing and form factor impose hard constraints on the available computing power . whereas automatic environmental sound recognition ( aesr ) algorithms are most often developed with limited consideration for computational cost , this article seeks which aesr algorithm can make the most o ←
→ a reliability - based approach for influence maximization using the evidence theory ; the influence maximization is the problem of finding a set of social network users , called influencers , that can trigger a large cascade of propagation . influencers are very beneficial to make a marketing campaign goes viral through social networks for example . in this paper , we propose an influence measure that combines many influence indicators . besides , we consider the reliability of each influence indicator and we pres ←
→ on approximating the lp distances for p > 2 ; applications in machine learning and data mining require computing pairwise lp distances in a data matrix a . for massive high - dimensional data , computing all pairwise distances of a can be infeasible . in fact , even storing a or all pairwise distances of a in the memory may be also infeasible . this paper proposes a simple method for p = 2 , 4 , 6 , ... we first decompose the l_p ( where p is even ) distances into a sum of 2 marginal norms and p - 1 `` inner products '' at d ←
→ a randomized approach to efficient kernel clustering ; kernel - based k - means clustering has gained popularity due to its simplicity and the power of its implicit non - linear representation of the data . a dominant concern is the memory requirement since memory scales as the square of the number of data points . we provide a new analysis of a class of approximate kernel methods that have more modest memory requirements , and propose a specific one - pass randomized kernel approximation followed by standard k - means ←
→ what does a belief function believe in ? ; the conditioning in the dempster - shafer theory of evidence has been defined ( by shafer \ cite { shafer : 90 } as combination of a belief function and of an " event " via dempster rule . on the other hand shafer \ cite { shafer : 90 } gives a " probabilistic " interpretation of a belief function ( hence indirectly its derivation from a sample ). given the fact that conditional probability distribution of a sample - derived probability distribution is a probability distribution derived ←
→ diversification methods for zero - one optimization ; we introduce new diversification methods for zero - one optimization that significantly extend strategies previously introduced in the setting of metaheuristic search . our methods incorporate easily implemented strategies for partitioning assignments of values to variables , accompanied by processes called augmentation and shifting which create greater flexibility and generality . we then show how the resulting collection of diversified solutions can be furthe ←
→ swapping lemmas for regular and context - free languages ; in formal language theory , one of the most fundamental tools , known as pumping lemmas , is extremely useful for regular and context - free languages . however , there are natural properties for which the pumping lemmas are of little use . one of such examples concerns a notion of advice , which depends only on the size of an underlying input . a standard pumping lemma encounters difficulty in proving that a given language is not regular in the presence of adv ←
→ learning for active 3d mapping ; we propose an active 3d mapping method for depth sensors , which allow individual control of depth - measuring rays , such as the newly emerging solid - state lidars . the method simultaneously ( i ) learns to reconstruct a dense 3d occupancy map from sparse depth measurements , and ( ii ) optimizes the reactive control of depth - measuring rays . to make the first step towards the online control optimization , we propose a fast prioritized greedy algorithm , which needs to update its cost f ←
→ a new approach to building the interindustry input -- output table ; we present a new approach to estimating the interdependence of industries in an economy by applying data science solutions . by exploiting interfirm buyer -- seller network data , we show that the problem of estimating the interdependence of industries is similar to the problem of uncovering the latent block structure in network science literature . to estimate the underlying structure with greater accuracy , we propose an extension of the sparse ←
→ poor starting points in machine learning ; poor ( even random ) starting points for learning / training / optimization are common in machine learning . in many settings , the method of robbins and monro ( online stochastic gradient descent ) is known to be optimal for good starting points , but may not be optimal for poor starting points -- indeed , for poor starting points nesterov acceleration can help during the initial iterations , even though nesterov methods not designed for stochastic approximation could hurt dur ←
→ distributed reasoning in a peer - to - peer setting : application to the semantic web ; in a peer - to - peer inference system , each peer can reason locally but can also solicit some of its acquaintances , which are peers sharing part of its vocabulary . in this paper , we consider peer - to - peer inference systems in which the local theory of each peer is a set of propositional clauses defined upon a local vocabulary . an important characteristic of peer - to - peer inference systems is that the global theory ( the union of ←
→ multi - class active learning : a hybrid informative and representative criterion inspired approach ; labeling each instance in a large dataset is extremely labor - and time - consuming . one way to alleviate this problem is active learning , which aims to which discover the most valuable instances for labeling to construct a powerful classifier . considering both informativeness and representativeness provides a promising way to design a practical active learning . however , most existing active learning methods ←
→ clustering stability : an overview ; a popular method for selecting the number of clusters is based on stability arguments : one chooses the number of clusters such that the corresponding clustering results are " most stable ". in recent years , a series of papers has analyzed the behavior of this method from a theoretical point of view . however , the results are very technical and difficult to interpret for non - experts . in this paper we give a high - level overview about the existing literature on clustering stabi ←
→ 3d reconstruction of crime scenes and design considerations for an interactive investigation tool ; crime scene investigation ( csi ) is a carefully planned systematic process with the purpose of acquiring physical evidences to shed light upon the physical reality of the crime and eventually detect the identity of the criminal . capturing images and videos of the crime scene is an important part of this process in order to conduct a deeper analysis on the digital evidence for possible hints . this work brings ←
→ touchalytics : on the applicability of touchscreen input as a behavioral biometric for continuous authentication ; we investigate whether a classifier can continuously authenticate users based on the way they interact with the touchscreen of a smart phone . we propose a set of 30 behavioral touch features that can be extracted from raw touchscreen logs and demonstrate that different users populate distinct subspaces of this feature space . in a systematic experiment designed to test how this behavioral patte ←
→ a minimax algorithm better than alpha - beta ?: no and yes ; this paper has three main contributions to our understanding of fixed - depth minimax search : ( a ) a new formulation for stockman ' s sss * algorithm , based on alpha - beta , is presented . it solves all the perceived drawbacks of sss *, finally transforming it into a practical algorithm . in effect , we show that sss * = alpha - beta + ransposition tables . the crucial step is the realization that transposition tables contain so - called solution trees , structures tha ←
→ extending a single - document summarizer to multi - document : a hierarchical approach ; the increasing amount of online content motivated the development of multi - document summarization methods . in this work , we explore straightforward approaches to extend single - document summarization methods to multi - document summarization . the proposed methods are based on the hierarchical combination of single - document summaries , and achieves state of the art results .←
→ development of an ontology to assist the modeling of accident scenarii " application on railroad transport " ; in a world where communication and information sharing are at the heart of our business , the terminology needs are most pressing . it has become imperative to identify the terms used and defined in a consensual and coherent way while preserving linguistic diversity . to streamline and strengthen the process of acquisition , representation and exploitation of scenarii of train accidents , it is necessa ←
→ multi - optional many - sorted past present future structures and its description ; the cognitive theory of true conditions ( cttc ) is a proposal to describe the model - theoretic semantics of symbolic cognitive architectures and design the implementation of cognitive abilities . the cttc is formulated mathematically using the multi - optional many - sorted past present future ( mmppf ) structures . this article defines mathematically the mmppf structures and the formal languages proposed to describe them by the cttc .←
→ signsgd : compressed optimisation for non - convex problems ; training large neural networks requires distributing learning across multiple workers , where the cost of communicating gradients can be a significant bottleneck . signsgd alleviates this problem by transmitting just the sign of each minibatch stochastic gradient . we prove that it can get the best of both worlds : compressed gradients and sgd - level convergence rate . signsgd can exploit mismatches between l1 and l2 geometry : when noise and curvature are ←
→ constructing word similarities in meroitic as an aid to decipherment ; meroitic is the still undeciphered language of the ancient civilization of kush . over the years , various techniques for decipherment such as finding a bilingual text or cognates from modern or other ancient languages in the sudan and surrounding areas has not been successful . using techniques borrowed from information theory and natural language statistics , similar words are paired and attempts are made to use currently defined words to ←
→ inductive pairwise ranking : going beyond the n log ( n ) barrier ; we study the problem of ranking a set of items from nonactively chosen pairwise preferences where each item has feature information with it . we propose and characterize a very broad class of preference matrices giving rise to the feature low rank ( flr ) model , which subsumes several models ranging from the classic bradley - terry - luce ( btl ) ( bradley and terry 1952 ) and thurstone ( thurstone 1927 ) models to the recently proposed blade - chest ( chen an ←
→ linear algebraic structure of word senses , with applications to polysemy ; word embeddings are ubiquitous in nlp and information retrieval , but it ' s unclear what they represent when the word is polysemous , i . e ., has multiple senses . here it is shown that multiple word senses reside in linear superposition within the word embedding and can be recovered by simple sparse coding . the success of the method --- which applies to several embedding methods including word2vec --- is mathematically explained using the ←
→ instance flow based online multiple object tracking ; we present a method to perform online multiple object tracking ( mot ) of known object categories in monocular video data . current tracking - by - detection mot approaches build on top of 2d bounding box detections . in contrast , we exploit state - of - the - art instance aware semantic segmentation techniques to compute 2d shape representations of target objects in each frame . we predict position and shape of segmented instances in subsequent frames by exploiting op ←
→ identifiability of causal graphs using functional models ; this work addresses the following question : under what assumptions on the data generating process can one infer the causal graph from the joint distribution ? the approach taken by conditional independence - based causal discovery methods is based on two assumptions : the markov condition and faithfulness . it has been shown that under these assumptions the causal graph can be identified up to markov equivalence ( some arrows remain undirected ) using meth ←
→ parallelization of the lbg vector quantization algorithm for shared memory systems ; this paper proposes a parallel approach for the vector quantization ( vq ) problem in image processing . vq deals with codebook generation from the input training data set and replacement of any arbitrary data with the nearest codevector . most of the efforts in vq have been directed towards designing parallel search algorithms for the codebook , and little has hitherto been done in evolving a parallelized procedure to obtain ←
→ stressednets : efficient feature representations via stress - induced evolutionary synthesis of deep neural networks ; the computational complexity of leveraging deep neural networks for extracting deep feature representations is a significant barrier to its widespread adoption , particularly for use in embedded devices . one particularly promising strategy to addressing the complexity issue is the notion of evolutionary synthesis of deep neural networks , which was demonstrated to successfully produce highly e ←
→ globally optimal training of generalized polynomial neural networks with nonlinear spectral methods ; the optimization problem behind neural networks is highly non - convex . training with stochastic gradient descent and variants requires careful parameter tuning and provides no guarantee to achieve the global optimum . in contrast we show under quite weak assumptions on the data that a particular class of feedforward neural networks can be trained globally optimal with a linear convergence rate with our nonl ←
→ learning with incremental iterative regularization ; within a statistical learning setting , we propose and study an iterative regularization algorithm for least squares defined by an incremental gradient method . in particular , we show that , if all other parameters are fixed a priori , the number of passes over the data ( epochs ) acts as a regularization parameter , and prove strong universal consistency , i . e . almost sure convergence of the risk , as well as sharp finite sample bounds for the iterates . our resul ←
→ extended distributed learning automata : a new method for solving stochastic graph optimization problems ; in this paper , a new structure of cooperative learning automata so - called extended learning automata ( edla ) is introduced . based on the proposed structure , a new iterative randomized heuristic algorithm for finding optimal sub - graph in a stochastic edge - weighted graph through sampling is proposed . it has been shown that the proposed algorithm based on new networked - structure can be to solve the optimiz ←
→ hyper - parameter optimization of deep convolutional networks for object recognition ; recently sequential model based optimization ( smbo ) has emerged as a promising hyper - parameter optimization strategy in machine learning . in this work , we investigate smbo to identify architecture hyper - parameters of deep convolution networks ( dcns ) object recognition . we propose a simple smbo strategy that starts from a set of random initial dcn architectures to generate new architectures , which on training perform well ←
→ sparse activity and sparse connectivity in supervised learning ; sparseness is a useful regularizer for learning in a wide range of applications , in particular in neural networks . this paper proposes a model targeted at classification tasks , where sparse activity and sparse connectivity are used to enhance classification capabilities . the tool for achieving this is a sparseness - enforcing projection operator which finds the closest vector with a pre - defined sparseness for any given vector . in the theoretical ←
→ machine learning approach for text and document mining ; text categorization ( tc ), also known as text classification , is the task of automatically classifying a set of text documents into different categories from a predefined set . if a document belongs to exactly one of the categories , it is a single - label classification task ; otherwise , it is a multi - label classification task . tc uses several tools from information retrieval ( ir ) and machine learning ( ml ) and has received much attention in the last years ←
→ prediction of sea surface temperature using long short - term memory ; this letter adopts long short - term memory ( lstm ) to predict sea surface temperature ( sst ), which is the first attempt , to our knowledge , to use recurrent neural network to solve the problem of sst prediction , and to make one week and one month daily prediction . we formulate the sst prediction problem as a time series regression problem . lstm is a special kind of recurrent neural network , which introduces gate mechanism into vanilla rnn to pr ←
→ on faster convergence of cyclic block coordinate descent - type methods for strongly convex minimization ; the cyclic block coordinate descent - type ( cbcd - type ) methods , which performs iterative updates for a few coordinates ( a block ) simultaneously throughout the procedure , have shown remarkable computational performance for solving strongly convex minimization problems . typical applications include many popular statistical machine learning methods such as elastic - net regression , ridge penalized logistic re ←
→ scientific discovery by machine intelligence : a new avenue for drug research ; the majority of big data is unstructured and of this majority the largest chunk is text . while data mining techniques are well developed and standardized for structured , numerical data , the realm of unstructured data is still largely unexplored . the general focus lies on information extraction , which attempts to retrieve known information from text . the holy grail , however is knowledge discovery , where machines are expected to ←
→ accelerated reinforcement learning algorithms with nonparametric function approximation for opportunistic spectrum access ; we study the problem of throughput maximization by predicting spectrum opportunities using reinforcement learning . our kernel - based reinforcement learning approach is coupled with a sparsification technique that efficiently captures the environment states to control dimensionality and finds the best possible channel access actions based on the current state . this approach allows lear ←
→ geometry - based adaptive symbolic approximation for fast sequence matching on manifolds ; in this paper , we consider the problem of fast and efficient indexing techniques for sequences evolving in non - euclidean spaces . this problem has several applications in the areas of human activity analysis , where there is a need to perform fast search , and recognition in very high dimensional spaces . the problem is made more challenging when representations such as landmarks , contours , and human skeletons etc . are na ←
→ a technical study and analysis on fuzzy similarity based models for text classification ; in this new and current era of technology , advancements and techniques , efficient and effective text document classification is becoming a challenging and highly required area to capably categorize text documents into mutually exclusive categories . fuzzy similarity provides a way to find the similarity of features among various documents . in this paper , a technical review on various fuzzy similarity based models is g ←
→ depth - based hand pose estimation : methods , data , and challenges ; hand pose estimation has matured rapidly in recent years . the introduction of commodity depth sensors and a multitude of practical applications have spurred new advances . we provide an extensive analysis of the state - of - the - art , focusing on hand pose estimation from a single depth frame . to do so , we have implemented a considerable number of systems , and will release all software and evaluation code . we summarize important conclusions here : (←
→ decomposition of optical flow on the sphere ; we propose a number of variational regularisation methods for the estimation and decomposition of motion fields on the $ 2 $- sphere . while motion estimation is based on the optical flow equation , the presented decomposition models are motivated by recent trends in image analysis . in particular we treat $ u + v $ decomposition as well as hierarchical decomposition . helmholtz decomposition of motion fields is obtained as a natural by - product of the chosen numerical meth ←
→ de - hashing : server - side context - aware feature reconstruction for mobile visual search ; due to the prevalence of mobile devices , mobile search becomes a more convenient way than desktop search . different from the traditional desktop search , mobile visual search needs more consideration for the limited resources on mobile devices ( e . g ., bandwidth , computing power , and memory consumption ). the state - of - the - art approaches show that bag - of - words ( bow ) model is robust for image and video retrieval ; however , th ←
→ preliminary report on the structure of croatian linguistic co - occurrence networks ; in this article , we investigate the structure of croatian linguistic co - occurrence networks . we examine the change of network structure properties by systematically varying the co - occurrence window sizes , the corpus sizes and removing stopwords . in a co - occurrence window of size $ n $ we establish a link between the current word and $ n - 1 $ subsequent words . the results point out that the increase of the co - occurrence window s ←
→ is it morally acceptable for a system to lie to persuade me ? ; given the fast rise of increasingly autonomous artificial agents and robots , a key acceptability criterion will be the possible moral implications of their actions . in particular , intelligent persuasive systems ( systems designed to influence humans via communication ) constitute a highly sensitive topic because of their intrinsically social nature . still , ethical studies in this area are rare and tend to focus on the output of the required action ←
→ a winner - take - all approach to emotional neural networks with universal approximation property ; here , we propose a brain - inspired winner - take - all emotional neural network ( wtaenn ) and prove the universal approximation property for the novel architecture . wtaenn is a single layered feedforward neural network that benefits from the excitatory , inhibitory , and expandatory neural connections as well as the winner - take - all ( wta ) competitions in the human brain s nervous system . the wta competition increases th ←
→ generalization of an upper bound on the number of nodes needed to achieve linear separability ; an important issue in neural network research is how to choose the number of nodes and layers such as to solve a classification problem . we provide new intuitions based on earlier results by an et al . ( 2015 ) by deriving an upper bound on the number of nodes in networks with two hidden layers such that linear separability can be achieved . concretely , we show that if the data can be described in terms of n finite ←
→ neural networks catching up with finite differences in solving partial differential equations in higher dimensions ; fully connected multilayer perceptrons are used for obtaining numerical solutions of partial differential equations in various dimensions . independent variables are fed into the input layer , and the output is considered as solution ' s value . to train such a network one can use square of equation ' s residual as a cost function and minimize it with respect to weights by gradient descent . follow ←
→ mostly exploration - free algorithms for contextual bandits ; the contextual bandit literature has traditionally focused on algorithms that address the exploration - exploitation tradeoff . in particular , greedy algorithms that exploit current estimates without any exploration may be sub - optimal in general . however , exploration - free greedy algorithms are desirable in practical settings where exploration may be costly or unethical ( e . g ., clinical trials ). surprisingly , we find that a simple greedy algorithm can b ←
→ new ideas for brain modelling ; this paper describes some biologically - inspired processes that could be used to build the sort of networks that we associate with the human brain . new to this paper , a ' refined ' neuron will be proposed . this is a group of neurons that by joining together can produce a more analogue system , but with the same level of control and reliability that a binary neuron would have . with this new structure , it will be possible to think of an essentially binary system in terms of a more ←
→ pixelcnn models with auxiliary variables for natural image modeling ; we study probabilistic models of natural images and extend the autoregressive family of pixelcnn architectures by incorporating auxiliary variables . subsequently , we describe two new generative image models that exploit different image transformations as auxiliary variables : a quantized grayscale view of the image or a multi - resolution image pyramid . the proposed models tackle two known shortcomings of existing pixelcnn models : 1 ) their t ←
→ effective sampling : fast segmentation using robust geometric model fitting ; identifying the underlying models in a set of data points contaminated by noise and outliers , leads to a highly complex multi - model fitting problem . this problem can be posed as a clustering problem by the projection of higher order affinities between data points into a graph , which can then be clustered using spectral clustering . calculating all possible higher order affinities is computationally expensive . hence in most cases o ←
→ tensor decompositions for identifying directed graph topologies and tracking dynamic networks ; directed networks are pervasive both in nature and engineered systems , often underlying the complex behavior observed in biological systems , microblogs and social interactions over the web , as well as global financial markets . since their structures are often unobservable , in order to facilitate network analytics , one generally resorts to approaches capitalizing on measurable nodal processes to infer the unknow ←
→ semi - supervised learning of hierarchical representations of molecules using neural message passing ; with the rapid increase of compound databases available in medicinal and material science , there is a growing need for learning representations of molecules in a semi - supervised manner . in this paper , we propose an unsupervised hierarchical feature extraction algorithm for molecules ( or more generally , graph - structured objects with fixed number of types of nodes and edges ), which is applicable to both unsu ←
→ egotransfer : transferring motion across egocentric and exocentric domains using deep neural networks ; mirror neurons have been observed in the primary motor cortex of primate species , in particular in humans and monkeys . a mirror neuron fires when a person performs a certain action , and also when he observes the same action being performed by another person . a crucial step towards building fully autonomous intelligent systems with human - like learning abilities is the capability in modeling the mirror neu ←
→ gradients of counterfactuals ; gradients have been used to quantify feature importance in machine learning models . unfortunately , in nonlinear deep networks , not only individual neurons but also the whole network can saturate , and as a result an important input feature can have a tiny gradient . we study various networks , and observe that this phenomena is indeed widespread , across many inputs . we propose to examine interior gradients , which are gradients of counterfactual inputs constructed by scaling dow ←
→ suppressing background radiation using poisson principal component analysis ; performance of nuclear threat detection systems based on gamma - ray spectrometry often strongly depends on the ability to identify the part of measured signal that can be attributed to background radiation . we have successfully applied a method based on principal component analysis ( pca ) to obtain a compact null - space model of background spectra using pca projection residuals to derive a source detection score . we have shown the ←
→ analysing the behaviour of robot teams through relational sequential pattern mining ; this report outlines the use of a relational representation in a multi - agent domain to model the behaviour of the whole system . a desired property in this systems is the ability of the team members to work together to achieve a common goal in a cooperative manner . the aim is to define a systematic method to verify the effective collaboration among the members of a team and comparing the different multi - agent behaviours . ←
→ clustering multi - way data : a novel algebraic approach ; in this paper , we develop a method for unsupervised clustering of two - way ( matrix ) data by combining two recent innovations from different fields : the sparse subspace clustering ( ssc ) algorithm [ 10 ], which groups points coming from a union of subspaces into their respective subspaces , and the t - product [ 18 ], which was introduced to provide a matrix - like multiplication for third order tensors . our algorithm is analogous to ssc in that an " affinity " betw ←
→ sub - structural niching in non - stationary environments ; niching enables a genetic algorithm ( ga ) to maintain diversity in a population . it is particularly useful when the problem has multiple optima where the aim is to find all or as many as possible of these optima . when the fitness landscape of a problem changes overtime , the problem is called non -- stationary , dynamic or time -- variant problem . in these problems , niching can maintain useful solutions to respond quickly , reliably and accurately to a change ←
→ planning with partially observable markov decision processes : advances in exact solution method ; there is much interest in using partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) as a formal model for planning in stochastic domains . this paper is concerned with finding optimal policies for pomdps . we propose several improvements to incremental pruning , presently the most efficient exact algorithm for solving pomdps .←
→ the utility of text : the case of amicus briefs and the supreme court ; we explore the idea that authoring a piece of text is an act of maximizing one ' s expected utility . to make this idea concrete , we consider the societally important decisions of the supreme court of the united states . extensive past work in quantitative political science provides a framework for empirically modeling the decisions of justices and how they relate to text . we incorporate into such a model texts authored by amici curiae (" fri ←
→ dynamic collaborative filtering with compound poisson factorization ; model - based collaborative filtering analyzes user - item interactions to infer latent factors that represent user preferences and item characteristics in order to predict future interactions . most collaborative filtering algorithms assume that these latent factors are static , although it has been shown that user preferences and item perceptions drift over time . in this paper , we propose a conjugate and numerically stable dynamic matrix fact ←
→ the dlvhex system for knowledge representation : recent advances ( system description ) ; the dlvhex system implements the hex - semantics , which integrates answer set programming ( asp ) with arbitrary external sources . since its first release ten years ago , significant advancements were achieved . most importantly , the exploitation of properties of external sources led to efficiency improvements and flexibility enhancements of the language , and technical improvements on the system side increased user ' s convenie ←
→ the benefits of population diversity in evolutionary algorithms : a survey of rigorous runtime analyses ; population diversity is crucial in evolutionary algorithms to enable global exploration and to avoid poor performance due to premature convergence . this book chapter reviews runtime analyses that have shown benefits of population diversity , either through explicit diversity mechanisms or through naturally emerging diversity . these works show that the benefits of diversity are manifold : diversity is imp ←
→ energy prediction using spatiotemporal pattern networks ; this paper presents a novel data - driven technique based on the spatiotemporal pattern network ( stpn ) for energy / power prediction for complex dynamical systems . built on symbolic dynamic filtering , the stpn framework is used to capture not only the individual system characteristics but also the pair - wise causal dependencies among different sub - systems . for quantifying the causal dependency , a mutual information based metric is presented . an energy pre ←
→ a dynamic near - optimal algorithm for online linear programming ; a natural optimization model that formulates many online resource allocation and revenue management problems is the online linear program ( lp ) in which the constraint matrix is revealed column by column along with the corresponding objective coefficient . in such a model , a decision variable has to be set each time a column is revealed without observing the future inputs and the goal is to maximize the overall objective function . in this paper ,←
→ prefix - projection global constraint for sequential pattern mining ; sequential pattern mining under constraints is a challenging data mining task . many efficient ad hoc methods have been developed for mining sequential patterns , but they are all suffering from a lack of genericity . recent works have investigated constraint programming ( cp ) methods , but they are not still effective because of their encoding . in this paper , we propose a global constraint based on the projected databases principle which remedi ←
→ a study of the classification of low - dimensional data with supervised manifold learning ; supervised manifold learning methods learn data representations by preserving the geometric structure of data while enhancing the separation between data samples from different classes . in this work , we propose a theoretical study of supervised manifold learning for classification . we consider nonlinear dimensionality reduction algorithms that yield linearly separable embeddings of training data and present generaliz ←
→ transcribing against time ; we investigate the problem of manually correcting errors from an automatic speech transcript in a cost - sensitive fashion . this is done by specifying a fixed time budget , and then automatically choosing location and size of segments for correction such that the number of corrected errors is maximized . the core components , as suggested by previous research [ 1 ], are a utility model that estimates the number of errors in a particular segment , and a cost model that estimates annotatio ←
→ leveraging the exact likelihood of deep latent variable models ; deep latent variable models combine the approximation abilities of deep neural networks and the statistical foundations of generative models . the induced data distribution is an infinite mixture model whose density is extremely delicate to compute . variational methods are consequently used for inference , following the seminal work of rezende et al . ( 2014 ) and kingma and welling ( 2014 ). we study the well - posedness of the exact problem ( maximum ←
→ a bag of visual words approach for symbols - based coarse - grained ancient coin classification ; the field of numismatics provides the names and descriptions of the symbols minted on the ancient coins . classification of the ancient coins aims at assigning a given coin to its issuer . various issuers used various symbols for their coins . we propose to use these symbols for a framework that will coarsely classify the ancient coins . bag of visual words ( bovws ) is a well established visual recognition technique a ←
→ survivalnet : predicting patient survival from diffusion weighted magnetic resonance images using cascaded fully convolutional and 3d convolutional neural networks ; automatic non - invasive assessment of hepatocellular carcinoma ( hcc ) malignancy has the potential to substantially enhance tumor treatment strategies for hcc patients . in this work we present a novel framework to automatically characterize the malignancy of hcc lesions from dwi images . we predict hcc malignancy in two steps : as a first step w ←
→ compositional sequence labeling models for error detection in learner writing ; in this paper , we present the first experiments using neural network models for the task of error detection in learner writing . we perform a systematic comparison of alternative compositional architectures and propose a framework for error detection based on bidirectional lstms . experiments on the conll - 14 shared task dataset show the model is able to outperform other participants on detecting errors in learner writing . finall ←
→ density estimation via discrepancy ; given i . i . d samples from some unknown continuous density on hyper - rectangle $[ 0 , 1 ]^ d $, we attempt to learn a piecewise constant function that approximates this underlying density non - parametrically . our density estimate is defined on a binary split of $[ 0 , 1 ]^ d $ and built up sequentially according to discrepancy criteria ; the key ingredient is to control the discrepancy adaptively in each sub - rectangle to achieve overall bound . we prove that the estimate , even though si ←
→" not not bad " is not " bad ": a distributional account of negation ; with the increasing empirical success of distributional models of compositional semantics , it is timely to consider the types of textual logic that such models are capable of capturing . in this paper , we address shortcomings in the ability of current models to capture logical operations such as negation . as a solution we propose a tripartite formulation for a continuous vector space representation of semantics and subsequently use this repre ←
→ efficient online surface correction for real - time large - scale 3d reconstruction ; state - of - the - art methods for large - scale 3d reconstruction from rgb - d sensors usually reduce drift in camera tracking by globally optimizing the estimated camera poses in real - time without simultaneously updating the reconstructed surface on pose changes . we propose an efficient on - the - fly surface correction method for globally consistent dense 3d reconstruction of large - scale scenes . our approach uses a dense visual rgb - d s ←
→ clustering and relational ambiguity : from text data to natural data ; text data is often seen as " take - away " materials with little noise and easy to process information . main questions are how to get data and transform them into a good document format . but data can be sensitive to noise oftenly called ambiguities . ambiguities are aware from a long time , mainly because polysemy is obvious in language and context is required to remove uncertainty . i claim in this paper that syntactic context is not suffisant ←
→ on learning high dimensional structured single index models ; single index models ( sims ) are simple yet flexible semi - parametric models for machine learning , where the response variable is modeled as a monotonic function of a linear combination of features . estimation in this context requires learning both the feature weights and the nonlinear function that relates features to observations . while methods have been described to learn sims in the low dimensional regime , a method that can efficiently learn sim ←
→ smart augmentation - learning an optimal data augmentation strategy ; a recurring problem faced when training neural networks is that there is typically not enough data to maximize the generalization capability of deep neural networks ( dnn ). there are many techniques to address this , including data augmentation , dropout , and transfer learning . in this paper , we introduce an additional method which we call smart augmentation and we show how to use it to increase the accuracy and reduce overfitting on a target ←
→ analysing quality of english - hindi machine translation engine outputs using bayesian classification ; this paper considers the problem for estimating the quality of machine translation outputs which are independent of human intervention and are generally addressed using machine learning techniques . there are various measures through which a machine learns translations quality . automatic evaluation metrics produce good co - relation at corpus level but cannot produce the same results at the same segment or se ←
→ border algorithms for computing hasse diagrams of arbitrary lattices ; the border algorithm and the ipred algorithm find the hasse diagrams of fca lattices . we show that they can be generalized to arbitrary lattices . in the case of ipred , this requires the identification of a join - semilattice homomorphism into a distributive lattice .←
→ unified pragmatic models for generating and following instructions ; we extend models for both following and generating natural language instructions by adding an explicit pragmatic layer . these pragmatics - enabled models explicitly reason about why speakers produce certain instructions , and about how listeners will react upon hearing them . given learned base listener and speaker models , we build a pragmatic listener that uses the base speaker to reason counterfactually about alternative action descriptions ,←
→ a method for open - vocabulary speech - driven text retrieval ; while recent retrieval techniques do not limit the number of index terms , out - of - vocabulary ( oov ) words are crucial in speech recognition . aiming at retrieving information with spoken queries , we fill the gap between speech recognition and text retrieval in terms of the vocabulary size . given a spoken query , we generate a transcription and detect oov words through speech recognition . we then correspond detected oov words to terms indexed in a targe ←
→ parameterized principal component analysis ; when modeling multivariate data , one might have an extra parameter of contextual information that could be used to treat some observations as more similar to others . for example , images of faces can vary by age , and one would expect the face of a 40 year old to be more similar to the face of a 30 year old than to a baby face . we introduce a novel manifold approximation method , parameterized principal component analysis ( ppca ) that models data with linear subspace ←
→ open architecture for multilingual parallel texts ; multilingual parallel texts ( abbreviated to parallel texts ) are linguistic versions of the same content (" translations "); e . g ., the maastricht treaty in english and spanish are parallel texts . this document is about creating an open architecture for the whole authoring , translation and publishing chain ( atp - chain ) for the processing of parallel texts .←
→ a statistical decision - theoretic framework for social choice ; in this paper , we take a statistical decision - theoretic viewpoint on social choice , putting a focus on the decision to be made on behalf of a system of agents . in our framework , we are given a statistical ranking model , a decision space , and a loss function defined on ( parameter , decision ) pairs , and formulate social choice mechanisms as decision rules that minimize expected loss . this suggests a general framework for the design and analysis of ←
→ classification of ordinal data ; classification of ordinal data is one of the most important tasks of relation learning . in this thesis a novel framework for ordered classes is proposed . the technique reduces the problem of classifying ordered classes to the standard two - class problem . the introduced method is then mapped into support vector machines and neural networks . compared with a well - known approach using pairwise objects as training samples , the new algorithm has a reduced complexity and training ti ←
→ quantile markov decision process ; in this paper , we consider the problem of optimizing the quantiles of the cumulative rewards of markov decision processes ( mdp ), to which we refers as quantile markov decision processes ( qmdp ). traditionally , the goal of a markov decision process ( mdp ) is to maximize expected cumulative reward over a defined horizon ( possibly to be infinite ). in many applications , however , a decision maker may be interested in optimizing a specific quantile of the cumulative reward instead ←
→ predicting the gender of indonesian names ; we investigated a way to predict the gender of a name using character - level long - short term memory ( char - lstm ). we compared our method with some conventional machine learning methods , namely naive bayes , logistic regression , and xgboost with n - grams as the features . we evaluated the models on a dataset consisting of the names of indonesian people . it is not common to use a family name as the surname in indonesian culture , except in some ethnicities . therefore , we ←
→ estimating the class prior and posterior from noisy positives and unlabeled data ; we develop a classification algorithm for estimating posterior distributions from positive - unlabeled data , that is robust to noise in the positive labels and effective for high - dimensional data . in recent years , several algorithms have been proposed to learn from positive - unlabeled data ; however , many of these contributions remain theoretical , performing poorly on real high - dimensional data that is typically contaminated wi ←
→ stochastic constraint programming : a scenario - based approach ; to model combinatorial decision problems involving uncertainty and probability , we introduce scenario based stochastic constraint programming . stochastic constraint programs contain both decision variables , which we can set , and stochastic variables , which follow a discrete probability distribution . we provide a semantics for stochastic constraint programs based on scenario trees . using this semantics , we can compile stochastic constraint progra ←
→ machine learner for automated reasoning 0 . 4 and 0 . 5 ; machine learner for automated reasoning ( malarea ) is a learning and reasoning system for proving in large formal libraries where thousands of theorems are available when attacking a new conjecture , and a large number of related problems and proofs can be used to learn specific theorem - proving knowledge . the last version of the system has by a large margin won the 2013 casc ltb competition . this paper describes the motivation behind the methods used in ma ←
→ the dilated triple ; the basic unit of meaning on the semantic web is the rdf statement , or triple , which combines a distinct subject , predicate and object to make a definite assertion about the world . a set of triples constitutes a graph , to which they give a collective meaning . it is upon this simple foundation that the rich , complex knowledge structures of the semantic web are built . yet the very expressiveness of rdf , by inviting comparison with real - world knowledge , highlights a fundamental shortcoming ←
→ embed to control : a locally linear latent dynamics model for control from raw images ; we introduce embed to control ( e2c ), a method for model learning and control of non - linear dynamical systems from raw pixel images . e2c consists of a deep generative model , belonging to the family of variational autoencoders , that learns to generate image trajectories from a latent space in which the dynamics is constrained to be locally linear . our model is derived directly from an optimal control formulation in latent ←
→ multimodal optimization by sparkling squid populations ; the swarm intelligence of animals is a natural paradigm to apply to optimization problems . ant colony , bee colony , firefly and bat algorithms are amongst those that have been demonstrated to efficiently to optimize complex constraints . this paper proposes the new sparkling squid algorithm ( ssa ) for multimodal optimization , inspired by the intelligent swarm behavior of its namesake . after an introduction , formulation and discussion of its implementatio ←
→ a probabilistic optimum - path forest classifier for binary classification problems ; probabilistic - driven classification techniques extend the role of traditional approaches that output labels ( usually integer numbers ) only . such techniques are more fruitful when dealing with problems where one is not interested in recognition / identification only , but also into monitoring the behavior of consumers and / or machines , for instance . therefore , by means of probability estimates , one can take decisions to work be ←
→ depth assisted full resolution network for single image - based view synthesis ; researches in novel viewpoint synthesis majorly focus on interpolation from multi - view input images . in this paper , we focus on a more challenging and ill - posed problem that is to synthesize novel viewpoints from one single input image . to achieve this goal , we propose a novel deep learning - based technique . we design a full resolution network that extracts local image features with the same resolution of the input , which contri ←
→ generalized support and formal development of constraint propagators ; constraint programming is a family of techniques for solving combinatorial problems , where the problem is modelled as a set of decision variables ( typically with finite domains ) and a set of constraints that express relations among the decision variables . one key concept in constraint programming is propagation : reasoning on a constraint or set of constraints to derive new facts , typically to remove values from the domains of decision va ←
→ an introduction to mm algorithms for machine learning and statistical ; mm ( majorization -- minimization ) algorithms are an increasingly popular tool for solving optimization problems in machine learning and statistical estimation . this article introduces the mm algorithm framework in general and via three popular example applications : gaussian mixture regressions , multinomial logistic regressions , and support vector machines . specific algorithms for the three examples are derived and numerical demonstrations ←
→ t - learning ; traditional reinforcement learning ( rl ) has focused on problems involving many states and few actions , such as simple grid worlds . most real world problems , however , are of the opposite type , involving few relevant states and many actions . for example , to return home from a conference , humans identify only few subgoal states such as lobby , taxi , airport etc . each valid behavior connecting two such states can be viewed as an action , and there are trillions of them . assuming the subgoal identific ←
→ switched linear encoding with rectified linear autoencoders ; several recent results in machine learning have established formal connections between autoencoders --- artificial neural network models that attempt to reproduce their inputs --- and other coding models like sparse coding and k - means . this paper explores in depth an autoencoder model that is constructed using rectified linear activations on its hidden units . our analysis builds on recent results to further unify the world of sparse linear coding mod ←
→ an inter - molecular adaptive collision scheme for chemical reaction optimization ; optimization techniques are frequently applied in science and engineering research and development . evolutionary algorithms , as a kind of general - purpose metaheuristic , have been shown to be very effective in solving a wide range of optimization problems . a recently proposed chemical - reaction - inspired metaheuristic , chemical reaction optimization ( cro ), has been applied to solve many global optimization problems . however , th ←
→ chinese / english mixed character segmentation as semantic segmentation ; ocr character segmentation for multilingual printed documents is difficult due to the diversity of different linguistic characters . previous approaches mainly focus on monolingual texts and are not suitable for multilingual - lingual cases . in this work , we particularly tackle the chinese / english mixed case by reframing it as a semantic segmentation problem . we take advantage of the successful architecture called fully convolutional netwo ←
→ approximations in bayesian belief universe for knowledge based systems ; when expert systems based on causal probabilistic networks ( cpns ) reach a certain size and complexity , the " combinatorial explosion monster " tends to be present . we propose an approximation scheme that identifies rarely occurring cases and excludes these from being processed as ordinary cases in a cpn - based expert system . depending on the topology and the probability distributions of the cpn , the numbers ( representing probabilities of ←
→ fast sampling for bayesian max - margin models ; bayesian max - margin models have shown superiority in various practical applications , such as text categorization , collaborative prediction , social network link prediction and crowdsourcing , and they conjoin the flexibility of bayesian modeling and predictive strengths of max - margin learning . however , monte carlo sampling for these models still remains challenging , especially for applications that involve large - scale datasets . in this paper , we present the stoch ←
→ electron neutrino classification in liquid argon time projection chamber detector ; neutrinos are one of the least known elementary particles . the detection of neutrinos is an extremely difficult task since they are affected only by weak sub - atomic force or gravity . therefore large detectors are constructed to reveal neutrino ' s properties . among them the liquid argon time projection chamber ( lar - tpc ) detectors provide excellent imaging and particle identification ability for studying neutrinos . the comput ←
→ bodydigitizer : an open source photogrammetry - based 3d body scanner ; with the rising popularity of augmented and virtual reality , there is a need for representing humans as virtual avatars in various application domains ranging from remote telepresence , games to medical applications . besides explicitly modelling 3d avatars , sensing approaches that create person - specific avatars are becoming popular . however , affordable solutions typically suffer from a low visual quality and professional solution are often ←
→ analyzing and exploiting narx recurrent neural networks for long - term dependencies ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) have achieved state - of - the - art performance on many diverse tasks , from machine translation to surgical activity recognition , yet training rnns to capture long - term dependencies remains difficult . to date , the vast majority of successful rnn architectures alleviate this problem by facilitating long - term gradient flow using nearly - additive connections between adjacent states , as originally i ←
→ beyond kernelboost ; in this technical report we propose a set of improvements with respect to the kernelboost classifier presented in [ becker et al ., miccai 2013 ]. we start with a scheme inspired by auto - context , but that is suitable in situations where the lack of large training sets poses a potential problem of overfitting . the aim is to capture the interactions between neighboring image pixels to better regularize the boundaries of segmented regions . as in auto - context [ tu et al ., pami 2009 ] the segment ←
→ multi - objective approaches to markov decision processes with uncertain transition parameters ; markov decision processes ( mdps ) are a popular model for performance analysis and optimization of stochastic systems . the parameters of stochastic behavior of mdps are estimates from empirical observations of a system ; their values are not known precisely . different types of mdps with uncertain , imprecise or bounded transition rates or probabilities and rewards exist in the literature . commonly , analysis of mo ←
→ abstract modular systems and solvers ; integrating diverse formalisms into modular knowledge representation systems offers increased expressivity , modeling convenience and computational benefits . we introduce concepts of abstract modules and abstract modular systems to study general principles behind the design and analysis of model - finding programs , or solvers , for integrated heterogeneous multi - logic systems . we show how abstract modules and abstract modular systems give rise to transition systems , which ←
→ determinants of mobile money adoption in pakistan ; in this work , we analyze the problem of adoption of mobile money in pakistan by using the call detail records of a major telecom company as our input . our results highlight the fact that different sections of the society have different patterns of adoption of digital financial services but user mobility related features are the most important one when it comes to adopting and using mobile money services .←
→ flexible priors for exemplar - based clustering ; exemplar - based clustering methods have been shown to produce state - of - the - art results on a number of synthetic and real - world clustering problems . they are appealing because they offer computational benefits over latent - mean models and can handle arbitrary pairwise similarity measures between data points . however , when trying to recover underlying structure in clustering problems , tailored similarity measures are often not enough ; we also desire control over t ←
→ smiles2vec : an interpretable general - purpose deep neural network for predicting chemical properties ; chemical databases store information in text representations , and the smiles format is a universal standard used in many cheminformatics software . encoded in each smiles string is structural information that can be used to predict complex chemical properties . in this work , we develop smiles2vec , a deep rnn that automatically learns features from smiles to predict chemical properties , without the need for ←
→ scalable inference for latent dirichlet allocation ; we investigate the problem of learning a topic model - the well - known latent dirichlet allocation - in a distributed manner , using a cluster of c processors and dividing the corpus to be learned equally among them . we propose a simple approximated method that can be tuned , trading speed for accuracy according to the task at hand . our approach is asynchronous , and therefore suitable for clusters of heterogenous machines .←
→ co - segmentation for space - time co - located collections ; we present a co - segmentation technique for space - time co - located image collections . these prevalent collections capture various dynamic events , usually by multiple photographers , and may contain multiple co - occurring objects which are not necessarily part of the intended foreground object , resulting in ambiguities for traditional co - segmentation techniques . thus , to disambiguate what the common foreground object is , we introduce a weakly - supervised tec ←
→ multimodal word distributions ; word embeddings provide point representations of words containing useful semantic information . we introduce multimodal word distributions formed from gaussian mixtures , for multiple word meanings , entailment , and rich uncertainty information . to learn these distributions , we propose an energy - based max - margin objective . we show that the resulting approach captures uniquely expressive semantic information , and outperforms alternatives , such as word2vec skip - grams , and gaussian ←
→ deep epitome for unravelling generalized hamming network : a fuzzy logic interpretation of deep learning ; this paper gives a rigorous analysis of trained generalized hamming networks ( ghn ) proposed by fan ( 2017 ) and discloses an interesting finding about ghns , i . e ., stacked convolution layers in a ghn is equivalent to a single yet wide convolution layer . the revealed equivalence , on the theoretical side , can be regarded as a constructive manifestation of the universal approximation theorem cybenko ( 1989 ); h ←
→ detection of inferior myocardial infarction using shallow convolutional neural networks ; myocardial infarction is one of the leading causes of death worldwide . this paper presents a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architecture which takes raw electrocardiography ( ecg ) signal from lead ii , iii and avf and differentiates between inferior myocardial infarction ( imi ) and healthy signals . the performance of the model is evaluated on imi and healthy signals obtained from physikalisch - technische bundesanstal ←
→ optimization of distributions differences for classification ; in this paper we introduce a new classification algorithm called optimization of distributions differences ( odd ). the algorithm aims to find a transformation from the feature space to a new space where the instances in the same class are as close as possible to one another while the gravity centers of these classes are as far as possible from one another . this aim is formulated as a multiobjective optimization problem that is solved by a hybrid ←
→ from parity to preference - based notions of fairness in classification ; the adoption of automated , data - driven decision making in an ever expanding range of applications has raised concerns about its potential unfairness towards certain social groups . in this context , a number of recent studies have focused on defining , detecting , and removing unfairness from data - driven decision systems . however , the existing notions of fairness , based on parity ( equality ) in treatment or outcomes for different social grou ←
→ visualizing the effects of a changing distance on data using continuous embeddings ; most machine learning ( ml ) methods , from clustering to classification , rely on a distance function to describe relationships between datapoints . for complex datasets it is hard to avoid making some arbitrary choices when defining a distance function . to compare images , one must choose a spatial scale , for signals , a temporal scale . the right scale is hard to pin down and it is preferable when results do not depend too tig ←
→ multimodal emoji prediction ; emojis are small images that are commonly included in social media text messages . the combination of visual and textual content in the same message builds up a modern way of communication , that automatic systems are not used to deal with . in this paper we extend recent advances in emoji prediction by putting forward a multimodal approach that is able to predict emojis in instagram posts . instagram posts are composed of pictures together with texts which sometimes include emojis ←
→ pixel - wise deep learning for contour detection ; we address the problem of contour detection via per - pixel classifications of edge point . to facilitate the process , the proposed approach leverages with densenet , an efficient implementation of multiscale convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), to extract an informative feature vector for each pixel and uses an svm classifier to accomplish contour detection . in the experiment of contour detection , we look into the effectiveness of combining per - pixel features f ←
→ active discovery of network roles for predicting the classes of network nodes ; nodes in real world networks often have class labels , or underlying attributes , that are related to the way in which they connect to other nodes . sometimes this relationship is simple , for instance nodes of the same class are may be more likely to be connected . in other cases , however , this is not true , and the way that nodes link in a network exhibits a different , more complex relationship to their attributes . here , we consid ←
→ combination of hyperband and bayesian optimization for hyperparameter optimization in deep learning ; deep learning has achieved impressive results on many problems . however , it requires high degree of expertise or a lot of experience to tune well the hyperparameters , and such manual tuning process is likely to be biased . moreover , it is not practical to try out as many different hyperparameter configurations in deep learning as in other machine learning scenarios , because evaluating each single hyperpara ←
→ online multiclass boosting ; recent work has extended the theoretical analysis of boosting algorithms to multiclass problems and to online settings . however , the multiclass extension is in the batch setting and the online extensions only consider binary classification . we fill this gap in the literature by defining , and justifying , a weak learning condition for online multiclass boosting . this condition leads to an optimal boosting algorithm that requires the minimal number of weak learners to achieve a cer ←
→ unsupervised perceptual rewards for imitation learning ; reward function design and exploration time are arguably the biggest obstacles to the deployment of reinforcement learning ( rl ) agents in the real world . in many real - world tasks , designing a reward function takes considerable hand engineering and often requires additional sensors to be installed just to measure whether the task has been executed successfully . furthermore , many interesting tasks consist of multiple implicit intermediate steps that mus ←
→ using barriers to reduce the sensitivity to edge miscalculations of casting - based object projection feature estimation ; 3d motion tracking is a critical task in many computer vision applications . unsupervised markerless 3d motion tracking systems determine the most relevant object in the screen and then track it by continuously estimating its projection features ( center and area ) from the edge image and a point inside the relevant object projection ( namely , inner point ), until the tracking fails . existin ←
→ hidden - markov - model based speech enhancement ; the goal of this contribution is to use a parametric speech synthesis system for reducing background noise and other interferences from recorded speech signals . in a first step , hidden markov models of the synthesis system are trained . two adequate training corpora consisting of text and corresponding speech files have been set up and cleared of various faults , including inaudible utterances or incorrect assignments between audio and text data . those are test ←
→ a new take on measuring relative nutritional density : the feasibility of using a deep neural network to assess commercially - prepared pureed food concentrations ; dysphagia affects 590 million people worldwide and increases risk for malnutrition . pureed food may reduce choking , however preparation differences impact nutrient density making quality assurance necessary . this paper is the first study to investigate the feasibility of computational pureed food nutritional density analysis using an imaging sy ←
→ generalising random forest parameter optimisation to include stability and cost ; random forests are among the most popular classification and regression methods used in industrial applications . to be effective , the parameters of random forests must be carefully tuned . this is usually done by choosing values that minimize the prediction error on a held out dataset . we argue that error reduction is only one of several metrics that must be considered when optimizing random forest parameters for commercial a ←
→ sparse photometric 3d face reconstruction guided by morphable models ; we present a novel 3d face reconstruction technique that leverages sparse photometric stereo ( ps ) and latest advances on face registration / modeling from a single image . we observe that 3d morphable faces approach provides a reasonable geometry proxy for light position calibration . specifically , we develop a robust optimization technique that can calibrate per - pixel lighting direction and illumination at a very high precision without assu ←
→ on the " calligraphy " of books ; authorship attribution is a natural language processing task that has been widely studied , often by considering small order statistics . in this paper , we explore a complex network approach to assign the authorship of texts based on their mesoscopic representation , in an attempt to capture the flow of the narrative . indeed , as reported in this work , such an approach allowed the identification of the dominant narrative structure of the studied authors . this has been achieved du ←
→ mixtures and products in two graphical models ; we compare two statistical models of three binary random variables . one is a mixture model and the other is a product of mixtures model called a restricted boltzmann machine . although the two models we study look different from their parametrizations , we show that they represent the same set of distributions on the interior of the probability simplex , and are equal up to closure . we give a semi - algebraic description of the model in terms of six binomial inequa ←
→ leveraging crowdsourcing data for deep active learning - an application : learning intents in alexa ; this paper presents a generic bayesian framework that enables any deep learning model to actively learn from targeted crowds . our framework inherits from recent advances in bayesian deep learning , and extends existing work by considering the targeted crowdsourcing approach , where multiple annotators with unknown expertise contribute an uncontrolled amount ( often limited ) of annotations . our framework lever ←
→ learning interpretable musical compositional rules and traces ; throughout music history , theorists have identified and documented interpretable rules that capture the decisions of composers . this paper asks , " can a machine behave like a music theorist ?" it presents mus - rover , a self - learning system for automatically discovering rules from symbolic music . mus - rover performs feature learning via $ n $- gram models to extract compositional rules --- statistical patterns over the resulting features . we evaluate m ←
→ elementary epistemological features of machine intelligence ; theoretical analysis of machine intelligence ( mi ) is useful for defining a common platform in both theoretical and applied artificial intelligence ( ai ). the goal of this paper is to set canonical definitions that can assist pragmatic research in both strong and weak ai . described epistemological features of machine intelligence include relationship between intelligent behavior , intelligent and unintelligent machine characteristics , observable and ←
→ deep choice model using pointer networks for airline itinerary prediction ; travel providers such as airlines and on - line travel agents are becoming more and more interested in understanding how passengers choose among alternative itineraries when searching for flights . this knowledge helps them better display and adapt their offer , taking into account market conditions and customer needs . some common applications are not only filtering and sorting alternatives , but also changing certain attributes in rea ←
→ deep multi - scale location - aware 3d convolutional neural networks for automated detection of lacunes of presumed vascular origin ; lacunes of presumed vascular origin ( lacunes ) are associated with an increased risk of stroke , gait impairment , and dementia and are a primary imaging feature of the small vessel disease . quantification of lacunes may be of great importance to elucidate the mechanisms behind neuro - degenerative disorders and is recommended as part of study standards for small vessel disease rese ←
→ combining lexical and syntactic features for detecting content - dense texts in news ; content - dense news report important factual information about an event in direct , succinct manner . information seeking applications such as information extraction , question answering and summarization normally assume all text they deal with is content - dense . here we empirically test this assumption on news articles from the business , u . s . international relations , sports and science journalism domains . our findings clearly ←
→ building a neural machine translation system using only synthetic parallel data ; recent works have shown that synthetic parallel data automatically generated by translation models can be effective for various neural machine translation ( nmt ) issues . in this study , we build nmt systems using only synthetic parallel data . as an efficient alternative to real parallel data , we also present a new type of synthetic parallel corpus . the proposed pseudo parallel data are distinct from previous works in that grou ←
→ permutation - equivariant neural networks applied to dynamics prediction ; the introduction of convolutional layers greatly advanced the performance of neural networks on image tasks due to innately capturing a way of encoding and learning translation - invariant operations , matching one of the underlying symmetries of the image domain . in comparison , there are a number of problems in which there are a number of different inputs which are all ' of the same type ' --- multiple particles , multiple agents , multiple ←
→ the structurally smoothed graphlet kernel ; a commonly used paradigm for representing graphs is to use a vector that contains normalized frequencies of occurrence of certain motifs or sub - graphs . this vector representation can be used in a variety of applications , such as , for computing similarity between graphs . the graphlet kernel of shervashidze et al . [ 32 ] uses induced sub - graphs of k nodes ( christened as graphlets by przulj [ 28 ]) as motifs in the vector representation , and computes the kernel via a dot ←
→ micro - doppler based human - robot classification using ensemble and deep learning approaches ; radar sensors can be used for analyzing the induced frequency shifts due to micro - motions in both range and velocity dimensions identified as micro - doppler ($\ boldsymbol {\ mu }$- d ) and micro - range ($\ boldsymbol {\ mu }$- r ), respectively . different moving targets will have unique $\ boldsymbol {\ mu }$- d and $\ boldsymbol {\ mu }$- r signatures that can be used for target classification . such classification can be used in numero ←
→ knowledge sharing in coalitions ; the aim of this paper is to investigate the interplay between knowledge shared by a group of agents and its coalition ability . we investigate this relation in the standard context of imperfect information concurrent game . we assume that whenever a set of agents form a coalition to achieve a goal , they share their knowledge before acting . based on this assumption , we propose a new semantics for alternating - time temporal logic with imperfect information and perfect recall . it ←
→ modified alpha - rooting color image enhancement method on the two - side 2 - d quaternion discrete fourier transform and the 2 - d discrete fourier transform ; color in an image is resolved into 3 or 4 color components and 2 - dimages of these components are stored in separate channels . most of the color image enhancement algorithms are applied channel - by - channel on each image . but such a system of color image processing is not processing the original color . when a color image is represented as a quaternion imag ←
→ optimizing channel selection for seizure detection ; interpretation of electroencephalogram ( eeg ) signals can be complicated by obfuscating artifacts . artifact detection plays an important role in the observation and analysis of eeg signals . spatial information contained in the placement of the electrodes can be exploited to accurately detect artifacts . however , when fewer electrodes are used , less spatial information is available , making it harder to detect artifacts . in this study , we investigate the perf ←
→ continuum armed bandit problem of few variables in high dimensions ; we consider the stochastic and adversarial settings of continuum armed bandits where the arms are indexed by [ 0 , 1 ]^ d . the reward functions r :[ 0 , 1 ]^ d -> r are assumed to intrinsically depend on at most k coordinate variables implying r ( x_1 ,.., x_d ) = g ( x_ { i_1 },.., x_ { i_k }) for distinct and unknown i_1 ,.., i_k from { 1 ,.., d } and some locally holder continuous g :[ 0 , 1 ]^ k -> r with exponent 0 < alpha <= 1 . firstly , assuming ( i_1 ,.., i_k ) to be fixed ←
→ the constitution of visual perceptual units in the functional architecture of v1 ; scope of this paper is to consider a mean field neural model which takes into account the functional neurogeometry of the visual cortex modelled as a group of rotations and translations . the model generalizes well known results of bressloff and cowan which , in absence of input , accounts for hallucination patterns . the main result of our study consists in showing that in presence of a visual input , the eigenmodes of the line ←
→ sequence prediction with neural segmental models ; segments that span contiguous parts of inputs , such as phonemes in speech , named entities in sentences , actions in videos , occur frequently in sequence prediction problems . segmental models , a class of models that explicitly hypothesizes segments , have allowed the exploration of rich segment features for sequence prediction . however , segmental models suffer from slow decoding , hampering the use of computationally expensive features . in this thesis , we int ←
→ handwritten digit recognition using support vector machine ; handwritten numeral recognition plays a vital role in postal automation services especially in countries like india where multiple languages and scripts are used discrete hidden markov model ( hmm ) and hybrid of neural network ( nn ) and hmm are popular methods in handwritten word recognition system . the hybrid system gives better recognition result due to better discrimination capability of the nn . a major problem in handwriting recognition is the h ←
→ on scalable inference with stochastic gradient descent ; in many applications involving large dataset or online updating , stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) provides a scalable way to compute parameter estimates and has gained increasing popularity due to its numerical convenience and memory efficiency . while the asymptotic properties of sgd - based estimators have been established decades ago , statistical inference such as interval estimation remains much unexplored . the traditional resampling method such as ←
→ the face - space duality hypothesis : a computational model ; valentine ' s face - space suggests that faces are represented in a psychological multidimensional space according to their perceived properties . however , the proposed framework was initially designed as an account of invariant facial features only , and explanations for dynamic features representation were neglected . in this paper we propose , develop and evaluate a computational model for a twofold structure of the face - space , able to unify both identit ←
→ image classification by visual bag - of - words refinement and reduction ; this paper presents a new framework for visual bag - of - words ( bow ) refinement and reduction to overcome the drawbacks associated with the visual bow model which has been widely used for image classification . although very influential in the literature , the traditional visual bow model has two distinct drawbacks . firstly , for efficiency purposes , the visual vocabulary is commonly constructed by directly clustering the low - level visual feat ←
→ a fast synchronization clustering algorithm ; this paper presents a fast synchronization clustering algorithm ( fsync ), which is an improved version of sync algorithm . in order to decrease the time complexity of the original sync algorithm , we combine grid cell partitioning method and red - black tree to construct the near neighbor point set of every point . by simulated experiments of some artificial data sets and several real data sets , we observe that fsync algorithm can often get less time than sync algorit ←
→ recurrent neural network language models for open vocabulary event - level cyber anomaly detection ; automated analysis methods are crucial aids for monitoring and defending a network to protect the sensitive or confidential data it hosts . this work introduces a flexible , powerful , and unsupervised approach to detecting anomalous behavior in computer and network logs , one that largely eliminates domain - dependent feature engineering employed by existing methods . by treating system logs as threads of interlea ←
→ a naive bayes machine learning approach to risk prediction using censored , time - to - event data ; predicting an individual ' s risk of experiencing a future clinical outcome is a statistical task with important consequences for both practicing clinicians and public health experts . modern observational databases such as electronic health records ( ehrs ) provide an alternative to the longitudinal cohort studies traditionally used to construct risk models , bringing with them both opportunities and challenges . lar ←
→ complete axiomatizations for reasoning about knowledge and time ; sound and complete axiomatizations are provided for a number of different logics involving modalities for knowledge and time . these logics arise from different choices for various parameters . all the logics considered involve the discrete time linear temporal logic operators ` next ' and ` until ' and an operator for the knowledge of each of a number of agents . both the single agent and multiple agent cases are studied : in some instances of the l ←
→ sequential score adaptation with extreme value theory for robust railway track inspection ; periodic inspections are necessary to keep railroad tracks in state of good repair and prevent train accidents . automatic track inspection using machine vision technology has become a very effective inspection tool . because of its non - contact nature , this technology can be deployed on virtually any railway vehicle to continuously survey the tracks and send exception reports to track maintenance personnel . however , ←
→ dropregion training of inception font network for high - performance chinese font recognition ; chinese font recognition ( cfr ) has gained significant attention in recent years . however , due to the sparsity of labeled font samples and the structural complexity of chinese characters , cfr is still a challenging task . in this paper , a dropregion method is proposed to generate a large number of stochastic variant font samples whose local regions are selectively disrupted and an inception font network ( ifn ) with ←
→ deep adaptive network : an efficient deep neural network with sparse binary connections ; deep neural networks are state - of - the - art models for understanding the content of images , video and raw input data . however , implementing a deep neural network in embedded systems is a challenging task , because a typical deep neural network , such as a deep belief network using 128x128 images as input , could exhaust giga bytes of memory and result in bandwidth and computing bottleneck . to address this challenge , this p ←
→ maximum production of transmission messages rate for service discovery protocols ; minimizing the number of dropped user datagram protocol ( udp ) messages in a network is regarded as a challenge by researchers . this issue represents serious problems for many protocols particularly those that depend on sending messages as part of their strategy , such us service discovery protocols . this paper proposes and evaluates an algorithm to predict the minimum period of time required between two or more consecutive m ←
→ chinese typeface transformation with hierarchical adversarial network ; in this paper , we explore automated typeface generation through image style transfer which has shown great promise in natural image generation . existing style transfer methods for natural images generally assume that the source and target images share similar high - frequency features . however , this assumption is no longer true in typeface transformation . inspired by the recent advancement in generative adversarial networks ( gans ), we pro ←
→ modeling the temporal nature of human behavior for demographics prediction ; mobile phone metadata is increasingly used for humanitarian purposes in developing countries as traditional data is scarce . basic demographic information is however often absent from mobile phone datasets , limiting the operational impact of the datasets . for these reasons , there has been a growing interest in predicting demographic information from mobile phone metadata . previous work focused on creating increasingly advanced fea ←
→ evaluation of uncertain inference models i : prospector ; this paper examines the accuracy of the prospector model for uncertain reasoning . prospector ' s solutions for a large number of computer - generated inference networks were compared to those obtained from probability theory and minimum cross - entropy calculations . prospector ' s answers were generally accurate for a restricted subset of problems that are consistent with its assumptions . however , even within this subset , we identified conditions under which ←
→ syntax - directed attention for neural machine translation ; attention mechanism , including global attention and local attention , plays a key role in neural machine translation ( nmt ). global attention attends to all source words for word prediction . in comparison , local attention selectively looks at fixed - window source words . however , alignment weights for the current target word often decrease to the left and right by linear distance centering on the aligned source position and neglect syntax - directed dista ←
→ zonotope hit - and - run for efficient sampling from projection dpps ; determinantal point processes ( dpps ) are distributions over sets of items that model diversity using kernels . their applications in machine learning include summary extraction and recommendation systems . yet , the cost of sampling from a dpp is prohibitive in large - scale applications , which has triggered an effort towards efficient approximate samplers . we build a novel mcmc sampler that combines ideas from combinatorial geometry , linear prog ←
→ guaranteed classification via regularized similarity learning ; learning an appropriate ( dis ) similarity function from the available data is a central problem in machine learning , since the success of many machine learning algorithms critically depends on the choice of a similarity function to compare examples . despite many approaches for similarity metric learning have been proposed , there is little theoretical study on the links between similarity met - ric learning and the classification performance of the ←
→ expressivity of time - varying graphs and the power of waiting in dynamic networks ; in infrastructure - less highly dynamic networks , computing and performing even basic tasks ( such as routing and broadcasting ) is a very challenging activity due to the fact that connectivity does not necessarily hold , and the network may actually be disconnected at every time instant . clearly the task of designing protocols for these networks is less difficult if the environment allows waiting ( i . e ., it provides the nodes wi ←
→ nugget discovery with a multi - objective cultural algorithm ; partial classification popularly known as nugget discovery comes under descriptive knowledge discovery . it involves mining rules for a target class of interest . classification " if - then " rules are the most sought out by decision makers since they are the most comprehensible form of knowledge mined by data mining techniques . the rules have certain properties namely the rule metrics which are used to evaluate them . mining rules with user specified pr ←
→ fast distribution to real regression ; we study the problem of distribution to real - value regression , where one aims to regress a mapping $ f $ that takes in a distribution input covariate $ p \ in \ mathcal { i }$ ( for a non - parametric family of distributions $\ mathcal { i }$) and outputs a real - valued response $ y = f ( p ) + \ epsilon $. this setting was recently studied , and a " kernel - kernel " estimator was introduced and shown to have a polynomial rate of convergence . however , evaluating a new prediction with the kernel - ke ←
→ an update semantics for defeasible obligations ; the deontic logic dus is a deontic update semantics for prescriptive obligations based on the update semantics of veltman . in dus the definition of logical validity of obligations is not based on static truth values but on dynamic action transitions . in this paper prescriptive defeasible obligations are formalized in update semantics and the diagnostic problem of defeasible deontic logic is discussed . assume a defeasible obligation ` normally a ought to be ( do ←
→ depth reconstruction from sparse samples : representation , algorithm , and sampling ; the rapid development of 3d technology and computer vision applications have motivated a thrust of methodologies for depth acquisition and estimation . however , most existing hardware and software methods have limited performance due to poor depth precision , low resolution and high computational cost . in this paper , we present a computationally efficient method to recover dense depth maps from sparse measurements . we make t ←
→ surfacenet : an end - to - end 3d neural network for multiview stereopsis ; this paper proposes an end - to - end learning framework for multiview stereopsis . we term the network surfacenet . it takes a set of images and their corresponding camera parameters as input and directly infers the 3d model . the key advantage of the framework is that both photo - consistency as well geometric relations of the surface structure can be directly learned for the purpose of multiview stereopsis in an end - to - end fashion . surfacenet ←
→ fair kernel learning ; new social and economic activities massively exploit big data and machine learning algorithms to do inference on people ' s lives . applications include automatic curricula evaluation , wage determination , and risk assessment for credits and loans . recently , many governments and institutions have raised concerns about the lack of fairness , equity and ethics in machine learning to treat these problems . it has been shown that not including sensitive features that bias fairness , such as gend ←
→ on the compactness , efficiency , and representation of 3d convolutional networks : brain parcellation as a pretext task ; deep convolutional neural networks are powerful tools for learning visual representations from images . however , designing efficient deep architectures to analyse volumetric medical images remains challenging . this work investigates efficient and flexible elements of modern convolutional networks such as dilated convolution and residual connection . with these essential building blocks , we ←
→ light field compression with disparity guided sparse coding based on structural key views ; recent imaging technologies are rapidly evolving for sampling richer and more immersive representations of the 3d world . and one of the emerging technologies are light field ( lf ) cameras based on micro - lens arrays . to record the directional information of the light rays , a much larger storage space and transmission bandwidth are required by a lf image as compared with a conventional 2d image of similar spatial dime ←
→ online regret bounds for undiscounted continuous reinforcement learning ; we derive sublinear regret bounds for undiscounted reinforcement learning in continuous state space . the proposed algorithm combines state aggregation with the use of upper confidence bounds for implementing optimism in the face of uncertainty . beside the existence of an optimal policy which satisfies the poisson equation , the only assumptions made are holder continuity of rewards and transition probabilities .←
→ on - and off - policy monotonic policy improvement ; monotonic policy improvement and off - policy learning are two main desirable properties for reinforcement learning algorithms . in this paper , by lower bounding the performance difference of two policies , we show that the monotonic policy improvement is guaranteed from on - and off - policy mixture samples . an optimization procedure which applies the proposed bound can be regarded as an off - policy natural policy gradient method . in order to support the theoretica ←
→ cyclegan face - off ; face - off is an interesting case of style transfer where the facial expressions and attributes of one person could be fully transformed to another face . we are interested in the unsupervised training process which only requires two sequences of unaligned video frames from each person and learns what shared attributes to extract automatically . in this project , we explored various improvements for adversarial training ( i . e . cyclegan [ zhu et al ., 2017 ]) to capture details in facial expression ←
→ activation maximization generative adversarial nets ; class labels have been empirically shown useful in improving the sample quality of generative adversarial nets ( gans ). in this paper , we mathematically study the properties of the current variants of gans that make use of class label information . with class aware gradient and cross - entropy decomposition , we reveal how class labels and associated losses influence gan ' s training . based on that , we propose activation maximization generative adversarial netw ←
→ verification of inconsistency - aware knowledge and action bases ( extended version ) ; description logic knowledge and action bases ( kabs ) have been recently introduced as a mechanism that provides a semantically rich representation of the information on the domain of interest in terms of a dl kb and a set of actions to change such information over time , possibly introducing new objects . in this setting , decidability of verification of sophisticated temporal properties over kabs , expressed in a variant of fi ←
→ scheduled denoising autoencoders ; we present a representation learning method that learns features at multiple different levels of scale . working within the unsupervised framework of denoising autoencoders , we observe that when the input is heavily corrupted during training , the network tends to learn coarse - grained features , whereas when the input is only slightly corrupted , the network tends to learn fine - grained features . this motivates the scheduled denoising autoencoder , which starts with a high level ←
→ binary particle swarm optimization versus hybrid genetic algorithm for inferring well supported phylogenetic trees ; the amount of completely sequenced chloroplast genomes increases rapidly every day , leading to the possibility to build large - scale phylogenetic trees of plant species . considering a subset of close plant species defined according to their chloroplasts , the phylogenetic tree that can be inferred by their core genes is not necessarily well supported , due to the possible occurrence of problem ←
→ convergence diagnostics for stochastic gradient descent with constant step size ; many iterative procedures in stochastic optimization exhibit a transient phase followed by a stationary phase . during the transient phase the procedure converges towards a region of interest , and during the stationary phase the procedure oscillates in that region , commonly around a single point . in this paper , we develop a statistical diagnostic test to detect such phase transition in the context of stochastic gradient desce ←
→ tunable gmm kernels ; the recently proposed " generalized min - max " ( gmm ) kernel can be efficiently linearized , with direct applications in large - scale statistical learning and fast near neighbor search . the linearized gmm kernel was extensively compared in with linearized radial basis function ( rbf ) kernel . on a large number of classification tasks , the tuning - free gmm kernel performs ( surprisingly ) well compared to the best - tuned rbf kernel . nevertheless , one would naturally expect that the gmm kernel ought ←
→ art of singular vectors and universal adversarial perturbations ; vulnerability of deep neural networks ( dnns ) to adversarial attacks has been attracting a lot of attention in recent studies . it has been shown that for many state of the art dnns performing image classification there exist universal adversarial perturbations --- image - agnostic perturbations mere addition of which to natural images with high probability leads to their misclassification . in this work we propose a new algorithm for constructing ←
→ diffusion of context and credit information in markovian models ; this paper studies the problem of ergodicity of transition probability matrices in markovian models , such as hidden markov models ( hmms ), and how it makes very difficult the task of learning to represent long - term context for sequential data . this phenomenon hurts the forward propagation of long - term context information , as well as learning a hidden state representation to represent long - term context , which depends on propagating credit infor ←
→ deep neural network with l2 - norm unit for brain lesions detection ; automated brain lesions detection is an important and very challenging clinical diagnostic task because the lesions have different sizes , shapes , contrasts , and locations . deep learning recently has shown promising progress in many application fields , which motivates us to apply this technology for such important problem . in this paper , we propose a novel and end - to - end trainable approach for brain lesions classification and detection by us ←
→ hierarchical imitation and reinforcement learning ; we study the problem of learning policies over long time horizons . we present a framework that leverages and integrates two key concepts . first , we utilize hierarchical policy classes that enable planning over different time scales , i . e ., the high level planner proposes a sequence of subgoals for the low level planner to achieve . second , we utilize expert demonstrations within the hierarchical action space to dramatically reduce cost of exploration . our fr ←
→ robust unsupervised domain adaptation for neural networks via moment alignment ; a novel approach for unsupervised domain adaptation for neural networks is proposed that relies on a metric - based regularization of the learning process . the metric - based regularization aims at domain - invariant latent feature representations by means of maximizing the similarity between domain - specific activation distributions . the proposed metric results from modifying an integral probability metric in a way such that it bec ←
→ variables effecting photomosaic reconstruction and ortho - rectification from aerial survey datasets ; unmanned aerial vehicles now make it possible to obtain high quality aerial imagery at a low cost , but processing those images into a single , useful entity is neither simple nor seamless . specifically , there are factors that must be addressed when merging multiple images into a single coherent one . while ortho - rectification can be done , it tends to be expensive and time consuming . image stitching offers a ←
→ on the integration of optical flow and action recognition ; most of the top performing action recognition methods use optical flow as a " black box " input . here we take a deeper look at the combination of flow and action recognition , and investigate why optical flow is helpful , what makes a flow method good for action recognition , and how we can make it better . in particular , we investigate the impact of different flow algorithms and input transformations to better understand how these affect a state - of - the -←
→ the logical difference for the lightweight description logic el ; we study a logic - based approach to versioning of ontologies . under this view , ontologies provide answers to queries about some vocabulary of interest . the difference between two versions of an ontology is given by the set of queries that receive different answers . we investigate this approach for terminologies given in the description logic el extended with role inclusions and domain and range restrictions for three distinct types of queries :←
→ distribution over beliefs for memory bounded dec - pomdp planning ; we propose a new point - based method for approximate planning in dec - pomdp which outperforms the state - of - the - art approaches in terms of solution quality . it uses a heuristic estimation of the prior probability of beliefs to choose a bounded number of policy trees : this choice is formulated as a combinatorial optimisation problem minimising the error induced by pruning .←
→ structured control nets for deep reinforcement learning ; in recent years , deep reinforcement learning has made impressive advances in solving several important benchmark problems for sequential decision making . many control applications use a generic multilayer perceptron ( mlp ) for non - vision parts of the policy network . in this work , we propose a new neural network architecture for the policy network representation that is simple yet effective . the proposed structured control net ( scn ) splits the generic ←
→ distributed policy evaluation under multiple behavior strategies ; we apply diffusion strategies to develop a fully - distributed cooperative reinforcement learning algorithm in which agents in a network communicate only with their immediate neighbors to improve predictions about their environment . the algorithm can also be applied to off - policy learning , meaning that the agents can predict the response to a behavior different from the actual policies they are following . the proposed distributed strategy is e ←
→ intent - aware multi - agent reinforcement learning ; this paper proposes an intent - aware multi - agent planning framework as well as a learning algorithm . under this framework , an agent plans in the goal space to maximize the expected utility . the planning process takes the belief of other agents ' intents into consideration . instead of formulating the learning problem as a partially observable markov decision process ( pomdp ), we propose a simple but effective linear function approximation of the utility function ←
→ parsimonious topic models with salient word discovery ; we propose a parsimonious topic model for text corpora . in related models such as latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ), all words are modeled topic - specifically , even though many words occur with similar frequencies across different topics . our modeling determines salient words for each topic , which have topic - specific probabilities , with the rest explained by a universal shared model . further , in lda all topics are in principle present in every document .←
→ sobolev gan ; we propose a new integral probability metric ( ipm ) between distributions : the sobolev ipm . the sobolev ipm compares the mean discrepancy of two distributions for functions ( critic ) restricted to a sobolev ball defined with respect to a dominant measure $\ mu $. we show that the sobolev ipm compares two distributions in high dimensions based on weighted conditional cumulative distribution functions ( cdf ) of each coordinate on a leave one out basis . the dominant measure $\ mu $ plays a crucial role ←
→ detecting online hate speech using context aware models ; in the wake of a polarizing election , the cyber world is laden with hate speech . context accompanying a hate speech text is useful for identifying hate speech , which however has been largely overlooked in existing datasets and hate speech detection models . in this paper , we provide an annotated corpus of hate speech with context information well kept . then we propose two types of hate speech detection models that incorporate context information , a lo ←
→ a theoretical analysis of first heuristics of crowdsourced entity resolution ; entity resolution ( er ) is the task of identifying all records in a database that refer to the same underlying entity , and are therefore duplicates of each other . due to inherent ambiguity of data representation and poor data quality , er is a challenging task for any automated process . as a remedy , human - powered er via crowdsourcing has become popular in recent years . using crowd to answer queries is costly and time consuming . f ←
→ text - to - speech conversion with neural networks : a recurrent tdnn approach ; this paper describes the design of a neural network that performs the phonetic - to - acoustic mapping in a speech synthesis system . the use of a time - domain neural network architecture limits discontinuities that occur at phone boundaries . recurrent data input also helps smooth the output parameter tracks . independent testing has demonstrated that the voice quality produced by this system compares favorably with speech from existing ←
→ quantum decision theory as quantum theory of measurement ; we present a general theory of quantum information processing devices , that can be applied to human decision makers , to atomic multimode registers , or to molecular high - spin registers . our quantum decision theory is a generalization of the quantum theory of measurement , endowed with an action ring , a prospect lattice and a probability operator measure . the algebra of probability operators plays the role of the algebra of local observables . because o ←
→ slangsd : building and using a sentiment dictionary of slang words for short - text sentiment classification ; sentiment in social media is increasingly considered as an important resource for customer segmentation , market understanding , and tackling other socio - economic issues . however , sentiment in social media is difficult to measure since user - generated content is usually short and informal . although many traditional sentiment analysis methods have been proposed , identifying slang sentiment words remains ←
→ cyclades : conflict - free asynchronous machine learning ; we present cyclades , a general framework for parallelizing stochastic optimization algorithms in a shared memory setting . cyclades is asynchronous during shared model updates , and requires no memory locking mechanisms , similar to hogwild !- type algorithms . unlike hogwild !, cyclades introduces no conflicts during the parallel execution , and offers a black - box analysis for provable speedups across a large family of algorithms . due to its inherent conflict ←
→ visual stability prediction and its application to manipulation ; understanding physical phenomena is a key competence that enables humans and animals to act and interact under uncertain perception in previously unseen environments containing novel objects and their configurations . developmental psychology has shown that such skills are acquired by infants from observations at a very early stage . in this paper , we contrast a more traditional approach of taking a model - based route with explicit 3d represen ←
→ genetic algorithms for finding the weight enumerator of binary linear block codes ; in this paper we present a new method for finding the weight enumerator of binary linear block codes by using genetic algorithms . this method consists in finding the binary weight enumerator of the code and its dual and to create from the famous macwilliams identity a linear system ( s ) of integer variables for which we add all known information obtained from the structure of the code . the knowledge of some subgroups of the ←
→ mca learning algorithm for incident signals estimation : a review ; recently there has been many works on adaptive subspace filtering in the signal processing literature . most of them are concerned with tracking the signal subspace spanned by the eigenvectors corresponding to the eigenvalues of the covariance matrix of the signal plus noise data . minor component analysis ( mca ) is important tool and has a wide application in telecommunications , antenna array processing , statistical parametric estimation , etc .←
→ models of retrieval in sentence comprehension : a computational evaluation using bayesian hierarchical modeling ; research on interference has provided evidence that the formation of dependencies between non - adjacent words relies on a cue - based retrieval mechanism . two different models can account for one of the main predictions of interference , i . e ., a slowdown at a retrieval site , when several items share a feature associated with a retrieval cue : lewis and vasishth ' s ( 2005 ) activation - based model and mc ←
→ resset : a recurrent model for sequence of sets with applications to electronic medical records ; modern healthcare is ripe for disruption by ai . a game changer would be automatic understanding the latent processes from electronic medical records , which are being collected for billions of people worldwide . however , these healthcare processes are complicated by the interaction between at least three dynamic components : the illness which involves multiple diseases , the care which involves multiple treatments ←
→ a benchmarking environment for reinforcement learning based task oriented dialogue management ; dialogue assistants are rapidly becoming an indispensable daily aid . to avoid the significant effort needed to hand - craft the required dialogue flow , the dialogue management ( dm ) module can be cast as a continuous markov decision process ( mdp ) and trained through reinforcement learning ( rl ). several rl models have been investigated over recent years . however , the lack of a common benchmarking framework makes it ←
→ mining massive hierarchical data using a scalable probabilistic graphical model ; probabilistic graphical models ( pgm ) are very useful in the fields of machine learning and data mining . the crucial limitation of those models , however , is the scalability . the bayesian network , which is one of the most common pgms used in machine learning and data mining , demonstrates this limitation when the training data consists of random variables , each of them has a large set of possible values . in the big data era , one ←
→ consistent nonparametric different - feature selection via the sparsest $ k $- subgraph problem ; two - sample feature selection is the problem of finding features that describe a difference between two probability distributions , which is a ubiquitous problem in both scientific and engineering studies . however , existing methods have limited applicability because of their restrictive assumptions on data distributoins or computational difficulty . in this paper , we resolve these difficulties by formulating the prob ←
→ rnn approaches to text normalization : a challenge ; this paper presents a challenge to the community : given a large corpus of written text aligned to its normalized spoken form , train an rnn to learn the correct normalization function . we present a data set of general text where the normalizations were generated using an existing text normalization component of a text - to - speech system . this data set will be released open - source in the near future . we also present our own experiments with this data set wit ←
→ an empirical study on academic commentary and its implications on reading and writing ; the relationship between reading and writing ( rrw ) is one of the major themes in learning science . one of its obstacles is that it is difficult to define or measure the latent background knowledge of the individual . however , in an academic research setting , scholars are required to explicitly list their background knowledge in the citation sections of their manuscripts . this unique opportunity was taken advantage of to ←
→ semantic augmented reality environment with material - aware physical interactions ; in augmented reality ( ar ) environment , realistic interactions between the virtual and real objects play a crucial role in user experience . much of recent advances in ar has been largely focused on developing geometry - aware environment , but little has been done in dealing with interactions at the semantic level . high - level scene understanding and semantic descriptions in ar would allow effective design of complex application ←
→ information forests ; we describe information forests , an approach to classification that generalizes random forests by replacing the splitting criterion of non - leaf nodes from a discriminative one -- based on the entropy of the label distribution -- to a generative one -- based on maximizing the information divergence between the class - conditional distributions in the resulting partitions . the basic idea consists of deferring classification until a measure of " classification confidence " is sufficiently hig ←
→ hsi based colour image equalization using iterative nth root and nth power ; in this paper an equalization technique for colour images is introduced . the method is based on nth root and nth power equalization approach but with optimization of the mean of the image in different colour channels such as rgb and hsi . the performance of the proposed method has been measured by the means of peak signal to noise ratio . the proposed algorithm has been compared with conventional histogram equalization and the visu ←
→ penalty decomposition methods for $ l0 $- norm minimization ; in this paper we consider general l0 - norm minimization problems , that is , the problems with l0 - norm appearing in either objective function or constraint . in particular , we first reformulate the l0 - norm constrained problem as an equivalent rank minimization problem and then apply the penalty decomposition ( pd ) method proposed in [ 33 ] to solve the latter problem . by utilizing the special structures , we then transform all matrix operations of this meth ←
→ enhancing gaussian estimation of distribution algorithm by exploiting evolution direction with archive ; as a typical model - based evolutionary algorithm ( ea ), estimation of distribution algorithm ( eda ) possesses unique characteristics and has been widely applied to global optimization . however , the common - used gaussian eda ( geda ) usually suffers from premature convergence which severely limits its search efficiency . this study first systematically analyses the reasons for the deficiency of the traditional ←
→ exploiting feature and class relationships in video categorization with regularized deep neural networks ; in this paper , we study the challenging problem of categorizing videos according to high - level semantics such as the existence of a particular human action or a complex event . although extensive efforts have been devoted in recent years , most existing works combined multiple video features using simple fusion strategies and neglected the utilization of inter - class semantic relationships . this paper p ←
→ a geometric blind source separation method based on facet component analysis ; given a set of mixtures , blind source separation attempts to retrieve the source signals without or with very little information of the the mixing process . we present a geometric approach for blind separation of nonnegative linear mixtures termed {\ em facet component analysis } ( fca ). the approach is based on facet identification of the underlying cone structure of the data . earlier works focus on recovering the cone by locating ←
→ a tcsp - like decidable constraint language generalising existing cardinal direction relations ; we define a quantitative constraint language subsuming two calculi well - known in qsr ( qualitative spatial reasoning ): frank ' s cone - shaped and projection - based calculi of cardinal direction relations . we show how to solve a csp ( constraint satisfaction problem ) expressed in the language .←
→ an introduction to the europe media monitor family of applications ; most large organizations have dedicated departments that monitor the media to keep up - to - date with relevant developments and to keep an eye on how they are represented in the news . part of this media monitoring work can be automated . in the european union with its 23 official languages , it is particularly important to cover media reports in many languages in order to capture the complementary news content published in the different countri ←
→ scientific article summarization using citation - context and article ' s discourse structure ; we propose a summarization approach for scientific articles which takes advantage of citation - context and the document discourse model . while citations have been previously used in generating scientific summaries , they lack the related context from the referenced article and therefore do not accurately reflect the article ' s content . our method overcomes the problem of inconsistency between the citation summary and ←
→ a novel approach to texture classification using statistical feature ; texture is an important spatial feature which plays a vital role in content based image retrieval . the enormous growth of the internet and the wide use of digital data have increased the need for both efficient image database creation and retrieval procedure . this paper describes a new approach for texture classification by combining statistical texture features of local binary pattern and texture spectrum . since most significant informa ←
→ information theoretic structure learning with confidence ; information theoretic measures ( e . g . the kullback liebler divergence and shannon mutual information ) have been used for exploring possibly nonlinear multivariate dependencies in high dimension . if these dependencies are assumed to follow a markov factor graph model , this exploration process is called structure discovery . for discrete - valued samples , estimates of the information divergence over the parametric class of multinomial models lead to struc ←
→ logical parsing from natural language based on a neural translation model ; semantic parsing has emerged as a significant and powerful paradigm for natural language interface and question answering systems . traditional methods of building a semantic parser rely on high - quality lexicons , hand - crafted grammars and linguistic features which are limited by applied domain or representation . in this paper , we propose a general approach to learn from denotations based on seq2seq model augmented with attention me ←
→ missing data reconstruction in remote sensing image with a unified spatial - temporal - spectral deep convolutional neural network ; because of the internal malfunction of satellite sensors and poor atmospheric conditions such as thick cloud , the acquired remote sensing data often suffer from missing information , i . e ., the data usability is greatly reduced . in this paper , a novel method of missing information reconstruction in remote sensing images is proposed . the unified spatial - temporal - spectral framework ←
→ jointly learning multiple measures of similarities from triplet comparisons ; similarity between objects is multi - faceted and it can be easier for human annotators to measure it when the focus is on a specific aspect . we consider the problem of mapping objects into view - specific embeddings where the distance between them is consistent with the similarity comparisons of the form " from the t - th view , object a is more similar to b than to c ". our framework jointly learns view - specific embeddings exploiting c ←
→ deep learning with data dependent implicit activation function ; though deep neural networks ( dnns ) achieve remarkable performances in many artificial intelligence tasks , the lack of training instances remains a notorious challenge . as the network goes deeper , the generalization accuracy decays rapidly in the situation of lacking massive amounts of training data . in this paper , we propose novel deep neural network structures that can be inherited from all existing dnns with almost the same level of complexi ←
→ combining convolution and recursive neural networks for sentiment analysis ; this paper addresses the problem of sentence - level sentiment analysis . in recent years , convolution and recursive neural networks have been proven to be effective network architecture for sentence - level sentiment analysis . nevertheless , each of them has their own potential drawbacks . for alleviating their weaknesses , we combined convolution and recursive neural networks into a new network architecture . in addition , we employed tr ←
→ batch normalization : accelerating deep network training by reducing internal covariate shift ; training deep neural networks is complicated by the fact that the distribution of each layer ' s inputs changes during training , as the parameters of the previous layers change . this slows down the training by requiring lower learning rates and careful parameter initialization , and makes it notoriously hard to train models with saturating nonlinearities . we refer to this phenomenon as internal covariate shift , and ←
→ deep investigation of cross - language plagiarism detection methods ; this paper is a deep investigation of cross - language plagiarism detection methods on a new recently introduced open dataset , which contains parallel and comparable collections of documents with multiple characteristics ( different genres , languages and sizes of texts ). we investigate cross - language plagiarism detection methods for 6 language pairs on 2 granularities of text units in order to draw robust conclusions on the best methods while ←
→ strategies for online inference of model - based clustering in large and growing networks ; in this paper we adapt online estimation strategies to perform model - based clustering on large networks . our work focuses on two algorithms , the first based on the saem algorithm , and the second on variational methods . these two strategies are compared with existing approaches on simulated and real data . we use the method to decipher the connexion structure of the political websphere during the us political campaign ←
→ recovery of structure of looped jointed objects from multiframes ; a method to recover structural parameters of looped jointed objects from multiframes is being developed . each rigid part of the jointed body needs only to be traced at two ( that is at junction ) points . this method has been linearized for 4 - part loops , with recovery from at least 19 frames .←
→ decomposition during search for propagation - based constraint solvers ; we describe decomposition during search ( dds ), an integration of and / or tree search into propagation - based constraint solvers . the presented search algorithm dynamically decomposes sub - problems of a constraint satisfaction problem into independent partial problems , avoiding redundant work . the paper discusses how dds interacts with key features that make propagation - based solvers successful : constraint propagation , especially for globa ←
→ arguments for the effectiveness of human problem solving ; the question of how humans solve problem has been addressed extensively . however , the direct study of the effectiveness of this process seems to be overlooked . in this paper , we address the issue of the effectiveness of human problem solving : we analyze where this effectiveness comes from and what cognitive mechanisms or heuristics are involved . our results are based on the optimal probabilistic problem solving strategy that appeared in solomonoff p ←
→ a decision calculus for belief functions in valuation - based systems ; valuation - based system ( vbs ) provides a general framework for representing knowledge and drawing inferences under uncertainty . recent studies have shown that the semantics of vbs can represent and solve bayesian decision problems ( shenoy , 1991a ). the purpose of this paper is to propose a decision calculus for dempster - shafer ( d - s ) theory in the framework of vbs . the proposed calculus uses a weighting factor whose role is similar to the pr ←
→ baseline cnn structure analysis for facial expression recognition ; we present a baseline convolutional neural network ( cnn ) structure and image preprocessing methodology to improve facial expression recognition algorithm using cnn . to analyze the most efficient network structure , we investigated four network structures that are known to show good performance in facial expression recognition . moreover , we also investigated the effect of input image preprocessing methods . five types of data input ( raw , histo ←
→ efficient action detection in untrimmed videos via multi - task learning ; this paper studies the joint learning of action recognition and temporal localization in long , untrimmed videos . we employ a multi - task learning framework that performs the three highly related steps of action proposal , action recognition , and action localization refinement in parallel instead of the standard sequential pipeline that performs the steps in order . we develop a novel temporal actionness regression module that estimates wh ←
→ restoration of images with wavefront aberrations ; this contribution deals with image restoration in optical systems with coherent illumination , which is an important topic in astronomy , coherent microscopy and radar imaging . such optical systems suffer from wavefront distortions , which are caused by imperfect imaging components and conditions . known image restoration algorithms work well for incoherent imaging , they fail in case of coherent images . in this paper a novel wavefront correction algorithm is pr ←
→ addressing item - cold start problem in recommendation systems using model based approach and deep learning ; traditional recommendation systems rely on past usage data in order to generate new recommendations . those approaches fail to generate sensible recommendations for new users and items into the system due to missing information about their past interactions . in this paper , we propose a solution for successfully addressing item - cold start problem which uses model - based approach and recent advances in ←
→ extracting biological pathway models from nlp event representations ; this paper describes an an open - source software system for the automatic conversion of nlp event representations to system biology structured data interchange formats such as sbml and biopax . it is part of a larger effort to make results of the nlp community available for system biology pathway modelers .←
→ agnosco - identification of infected nodes with artificial ant colonies ; if a computer node is infected by a virus , worm or a backdoor , then this is a security risk for the complete network structure where the node is associated . existing network intrusion detection systems ( nids ) provide a certain amount of support for the identification of such infected nodes but suffer from the need of plenty of communication and computational power . in this article , we present a novel approach called agnosco to support ←
→ 3d - assisted image feature synthesis for novel views of an object ; comparing two images in a view - invariant way has been a challenging problem in computer vision for a long time , as visual features are not stable under large view point changes . in this paper , given a single input image of an object , we synthesize new features for other views of the same object . to accomplish this , we introduce an aligned set of 3d models in the same class as the input object image . each 3d model is represented by a set of v ←
→ a facial expression classification system integrating canny , principal component analysis and artificial neural network ; facial expression classification is an interesting research problem in recent years . there are a lot of methods to solve this problem . in this research , we propose a novel approach using canny , principal component analysis ( pca ) and artificial neural network . firstly , in preprocessing phase , we use canny for local region detection of facial images . then each of local region ' s features ←
→ inverse reinforcement learning via deep gaussian process ; we propose a new approach to inverse reinforcement learning ( irl ) based on the deep gaussian process ( deep gp ) model , which is capable of learning complicated reward structures with few demonstrations . our model stacks multiple latent gp layers to learn abstract representations of the state feature space , which is linked to the demonstrations through the maximum entropy learning framework . incorporating the irl engine into the nonlinear latent struc ←
→ returnn : the rwth extensible training framework for universal recurrent neural networks ; in this work we release our extensible and easily configurable neural network training software . it provides a rich set of functional layers with a particular focus on efficient training of recurrent neural network topologies on multiple gpus . the source of the software package is public and freely available for academic research purposes and can be used as a framework or as a standalone tool which supports a flexibl ←
→ a syntactic approach to domain - specific automatic question generation ; factoid questions are questions that require short fact - based answers . automatic generation ( aqg ) of factoid questions from a given text can contribute to educational activities , interactive question answering systems , search engines , and other applications . the goal of our research is to generate factoid source - question - answer triplets based on a specific domain . we propose a four - component pipeline , which obtains as input a training c ←
→ computer aided detection of anemia - like pallor ; paleness or pallor is a manifestation of blood loss or low hemoglobin concentrations in the human blood that can be caused by pathologies such as anemia . this work presents the first automated screening system that utilizes pallor site images , segments , and extracts color and intensity - based features for multi - class classification of patients with high pallor due to anemia - like pathologies , normal patients and patients with other abnormalities . this work anal ←
→ chaining identity mapping modules for image denoising ; we propose to learn a fully - convolutional network model that consists of a chain of identity mapping modules ( cimm ) for image denoising . the cimm structure possesses two distinctive features that are important for the noise removal task . firstly , each residual unit employs identity mappings as the skip connections and receives pre - activated input in order to preserve the gradient magnitude propagated in both the forward and backward directions . secondl ←
→ a method for extraction and recognition of isolated license plate characters ; a method to extract and recognize isolated characters in license plates is proposed . in extraction stage , the proposed method detects isolated characters by using difference - of - gaussian ( dog ) function , the dog function , similar to laplacian of gaussian function , was proven to produce the most stable image features compared to a range of other possible image functions . the candidate characters are extracted by doing connected co ←
→ constructing situation specific belief networks ; this paper describes a process for constructing situation - specific belief networks from a knowledge base of network fragments . a situation - specific network is a minimal query complete network constructed from a knowledge base in response to a query for the probability distribution on a set of target variables given evidence and context variables . we present definitions of query completeness and situation - specific networks . we describe conditions on the knowl ←
→ plan recognition in stories and in life ; plan recognition does not work the same way in stories and in " real life " ( people tend to jump to conclusions more in stories ). we present a theory of this , for the particular case of how objects in stories ( or in life ) influence plan recognition decisions . we provide a bayesian network formalization of a simple first - order theory of plans , and show how a particular network parameter seems to govern the difference between " life - like " and " story - like " response . we th ←
→ a human - machine interface for teleoperation of arm manipulators in a complex environment ; this paper discusses the feasibility of using configuration space ( c - space ) as a means of visualization and control in operator - guided real - time motion of a robot arm manipulator . the motivation is to improve performance of the human operator in tasks involving the manipulator motion in an environment with obstacles . unlike some other motion planning tasks , operators are known to make expensive mistakes in such ta ←
→ actual causation in cp - logic ; given a causal model of some domain and a particular story that has taken place in this domain , the problem of actual causation is deciding which of the possible causes for some effect actually caused it . one of the most influential approaches to this problem has been developed by halpern and pearl in the context of structural models . in this paper , i argue that this is actually not the best setting for studying this problem . as an alternative , i offer the probabilistic logic ←
→ natural language inference for arabic using extended tree edit distance with subtrees ; many natural language processing ( nlp ) applications require the computation of similarities between pairs of syntactic or semantic trees . many researchers have used tree edit distance for this task , but this technique suffers from the drawback that it deals with single node operations only . we have extended the standard tree edit distance algorithm to deal with subtree transformation operations as well as single nodes .←
→ generalizing the dempster - shafer theory to fuzzy sets ; with the desire to apply the dempster - shafer theory to complex real world problems where the evidential strength is often imprecise and vague , several attempts have been made to generalize the theory . however , the important concept in the d - s theory that the belief and plausibility functions are lower and upper probabilities is no longer preserved in these generalizations . in this paper , we describe a generalized theory of evidence where the degree of ←
→ did you really just have a heart attack ? towards robust detection of personal health mentions in social media ; millions of users share their experiences on social media sites , such as twitter , which in turn generate valuable data for public health monitoring , digital epidemiology , and other analyses of population health at global scale . the first , critical , task for these applications is classifying whether a personal health event was mentioned , which we call the ( phm ) problem . this task is challenging f ←
→ neural ctrl - f : segmentation - free query - by - string word spotting in handwritten manuscript collections ; in this paper , we approach the problem of segmentation - free query - by - string word spotting for handwritten documents . in other words , we use methods inspired from computer vision and machine learning to search for words in large collections of digitized manuscripts . in particular , we are interested in historical handwritten texts , which are often far more challenging than modern printed documents . this ta ←
→ a neuro - fuzzy method to improving backfiring conversion ratios ; software project estimation is crucial aspect in delivering software on time and on budget . software size is an important metric in determining the effort , cost , and productivity . today , source lines of code and function point are the most used sizing metrics . backfiring is a well - known technique for converting between function points and source lines of code . however when backfiring is used , there is a high margin of error . this study introdu ←
→ defense semantics of argumentation : encoding reasons for accepting arguments ; in this paper we show how the defense relation among abstract arguments can be used to encode the reasons for accepting arguments . after introducing a novel notion of defenses and defense graphs , we propose a defense semantics together with a new notion of defense equivalence of argument graphs , and compare defense equivalence with standard equivalence and strong equivalence , respectively . then , based on defense semantics , we d ←
→ discriminative acoustic word embeddings : recurrent neural network - based approaches ; acoustic word embeddings --- fixed - dimensional vector representations of variable - length spoken word segments --- have begun to be considered for tasks such as speech recognition and query - by - example search . such embeddings can be learned discriminatively so that they are similar for speech segments corresponding to the same word , while being dissimilar for segments corresponding to different words . recent work has found ←
→ deeppose : human pose estimation via deep neural networks ; we propose a method for human pose estimation based on deep neural networks ( dnns ). the pose estimation is formulated as a dnn - based regression problem towards body joints . we present a cascade of such dnn regressors which results in high precision pose estimates . the approach has the advantage of reasoning about pose in a holistic fashion and has a simple but yet powerful formulation which capitalizes on recent advances in deep learning . we present ←
→ histogram of oriented principal components for cross - view action recognition ; existing techniques for 3d action recognition are sensitive to viewpoint variations because they extract features from depth images which are viewpoint dependent . in contrast , we directly process pointclouds for cross - view action recognition from unknown and unseen views . we propose the histogram of oriented principal components ( hopc ) descriptor that is robust to noise , viewpoint , scale and action speed variations . at a 3d poi ←
→ gray - box optimization and factorized distribution algorithms : where two worlds collide ; the concept of gray - box optimization , in juxtaposition to black - box optimization , revolves about the idea of exploiting the problem structure to implement more efficient evolutionary algorithms ( eas ). work on factorized distribution algorithms ( fdas ), whose factorizations are directly derived from the problem structure , has also contributed to show how exploiting the problem structure produces important gains in the e ←
→ classification analysis of authorship fiction texts in the space of semantic fields ; the use of naive bayesian classifier ( nb ) and the classifier by the k nearest neighbors ( knn ) in classification semantic analysis of authors ' texts of english fiction has been analysed . the authors ' works are considered in the vector space the basis of which is formed by the frequency characteristics of semantic fields of nouns and verbs . highly precise classification of authors ' texts in the vector space of semantic fie ←
→ optimizing supply chain management using gravitational search algorithm and multi agent system ; supply chain management is a very dynamic operation research problem where one has to quickly adapt according to the changes perceived in environment in order to maximize the benefit or minimize the loss . therefore we require a system which changes as per the changing requirements . multi agent system technology in recent times has emerged as a possible way of efficient solution implementation for many such com ←
→ how to evaluate sentiment classifiers for twitter time - ordered data ? ; social media are becoming an increasingly important source of information about the public mood regarding issues such as elections , brexit , stock market , etc . in this paper we focus on sentiment classification of twitter data . construction of sentiment classifiers is a standard text mining task , but here we address the question of how to properly evaluate them as there is no settled way to do so . sentiment classes are ordered and unbalan ←
→ quantized convolutional neural networks for mobile devices ; recently , convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have demonstrated impressive performance in various computer vision tasks . however , high performance hardware is typically indispensable for the application of cnn models due to the high computation complexity , which prohibits their further extensions . in this paper , we propose an efficient framework , namely quantized cnn , to simultaneously speed - up the computation and reduce the storage and memory ove ←
→ parameter sensitivity analysis of social spider algorithm ; social spider algorithm ( ssa ) is a recently proposed general - purpose real - parameter metaheuristic designed to solve global numerical optimization problems . this work systematically benchmarks ssa on a suite of 11 functions with different control parameters . we conduct parameter sensitivity analysis of ssa using advanced non - parametric statistical tests to generate statistically significant conclusion on the best performing parameter settings . the c ←
→ picture it in your mind : generating high level visual representations from textual descriptions ; in this paper we tackle the problem of image search when the query is a short textual description of the image the user is looking for . we choose to implement the actual search process as a similarity search in a visual feature space , by learning to translate a textual query into a visual representation . searching in the visual feature space has the advantage that any update to the translation model does not ←
→ on the number of experiments sufficient and in the worst case necessary to identify all causal relations among n variables ; we show that if any number of variables are allowed to be simultaneously and independently randomized in any one experiment , log2 ( n ) + 1 experiments are sufficient and in the worst case necessary to determine the causal relations among n >= 2 variables when no latent variables , no sample selection bias and no feedback cycles are present . for all k , 0 < k < 1 /( 2n ) we provide an upper ←
→ the jump set under geometric regularisation . part 1 : basic technique and first - order denoising ; let $ u \ in \ mbox { bv }(\ omega )$ solve the total variation denoising problem with $ l ^ 2 $- squared fidelity and data $ f $. caselles et al . [ multiscale model . simul . 6 ( 2008 ), 879 -- 894 ] have shown the containment $\ mathcal { h }^{ m - 1 }( j_u \ setminus j_f )= 0 $ of the jump set $ j_u $ of $ u $ in that of $ f $. their proof unfortunately depends heavily on the co - area formula , as do many results in this area , and as such is not dire ←
→ find my mug : efficient object search with a mobile robot using semantic segmentation ; in this paper , we propose an efficient semantic segmentation framework for indoor scenes , tailored to the application on a mobile robot . semantic segmentation can help robots to gain a reasonable understanding of their environment , but to reach this goal , the algorithms not only need to be accurate , but also fast and robust . therefore , we developed an optimized 3d point cloud processing framework based on a randomized d ←
→ node classification in uncertain graphs ; in many real applications that use and analyze networked data , the links in the network graph may be erroneous , or derived from probabilistic techniques . in such cases , the node classification problem can be challenging , since the unreliability of the links may affect the final results of the classification process . if the information about link reliability is not used explicitly , the classification accuracy in the underlying network may be affected adversely . in th ←
→ cross - lingual distillation for text classification ; cross - lingual text classification ( cltc ) is the task of classifying documents written in different languages into the same taxonomy of categories . this paper presents a novel approach to cltc that builds on model distillation , which adapts and extends a framework originally proposed for model compression . using soft probabilistic predictions for the documents in a label - rich language as the ( induced ) supervisory labels in a parallel corpus of documents , we ←
→ does network complexity help organize babel ' s library ? ; in this work , we study properties of texts from the perspective of complex network theory . words in given texts are linked by co - occurrence and transformed into networks , and we observe that these display topological properties common to other complex systems . however , there are some properties that seem to be exclusive to texts ; many of these properties depend on the frequency of words in the text , while others seem to be strictly determined by the g ←
→ variational gaussian process state - space models ; state - space models have been successfully used for more than fifty years in different areas of science and engineering . we present a procedure for efficient variational bayesian learning of nonlinear state - space models based on sparse gaussian processes . the result of learning is a tractable posterior over nonlinear dynamical systems . in comparison to conventional parametric models , we offer the possibility to straightforwardly trade off model capacity and c ←
→ dense scale selection over space , time and space - time ; scale selection methods based on local extrema over scale of scale - normalized derivatives have been primarily developed to be applied sparsely --- at image points where the magnitude of a scale - normalized differential expression additionally assumes local extrema over the domain where the data are defined . this paper presents a methodology for performing dense scale selection , so that hypotheses about local characteristic scales in images , temporal sig ←
→ modelling electricity consumption in office buildings : an agent based approach ; in this paper , we develop an agent - based model which integrates four important elements , i . e . organisational energy management policies / regulations , energy management technologies , electric appliances and equipment , and human behaviour , to simulate the electricity consumption in office buildings . based on a case study , we use this model to test the effectiveness of different electricity management strategies , and solve practi ←
→ a unified model for near and remote sensing ; we propose a novel convolutional neural network architecture for estimating geospatial functions such as population density , land cover , or land use . in our approach , we combine overhead and ground - level images in an end - to - end trainable neural network , which uses kernel regression and density estimation to convert features extracted from the ground - level images into a dense feature map . the output of this network is a dense estimate of the geospatial function i ←
→ efficient energy minimization for enforcing statistics ; energy minimization algorithms , such as graph cuts , enable the computation of the map solution under certain probabilistic models such as markov random fields . however , for many computer vision problems , the map solution under the model is not the ground truth solution . in many problem scenarios , the system has access to certain statistics of the ground truth . for instance , in image segmentation , the area and boundary length of the object may be known ←
→ pac - bayesian majority vote for late classifier fusion ; a lot of attention has been devoted to multimedia indexing over the past few years . in the literature , we often consider two kinds of fusion schemes : the early fusion and the late fusion . in this paper we focus on late classifier fusion , where one combines the scores of each modality at the decision level . to tackle this problem , we investigate a recent and elegant well - founded quadratic program named mincq coming from the machine learning pac - bayes th ←
→ unified structured learning for simultaneous human pose estimation and garment attribute classification ; in this paper , we utilize structured learning to simultaneously address two intertwined problems : human pose estimation ( hpe ) and garment attribute classification ( gac ), which are valuable for a variety of computer vision and multimedia applications . unlike previous works that usually handle the two problems separately , our approach aims to produce a jointly optimal estimation for both hpe and gac via ←
→ bayesian network models for adaptive testing ; computerized adaptive testing ( cat ) is an interesting and promising approach to testing human abilities . in our research we use bayesian networks to create a model of tested humans . we collected data from paper tests performed with grammar school students . in this article we first provide the summary of data used for our experiments . we propose several different bayesian networks , which we tested and compared by cross - validation . interesting results were obtain ←
→ unsupervised basis function adaptation for reinforcement learning ; when using reinforcement learning ( rl ) algorithms to evaluate a policy it is common , given a large state space , to introduce some form of approximation architecture for the value function ( vf ). the exact form of this architecture can have a significant effect on the accuracy of the vf estimate , however , and determining a suitable approximation architecture can often be a highly complex task . consequently there is a large amount of interest ←
→ feature dynamic bayesian networks ; feature markov decision processes ( phimdps ) are well - suited for learning agents in general environments . nevertheless , unstructured ( phi ) mdps are limited to relatively simple environments . structured mdps like dynamic bayesian networks ( dbns ) are used for large - scale real - world problems . in this article i extend phimdp to phidbn . the primary contribution is to derive a cost criterion that allows to automatically extract the most relevant features from the environment , lea ←
→ online matrix factorization via broyden updates ; in this paper , we propose an online algorithm to compute matrix factorizations . proposed algorithm updates the dictionary matrix and associated coefficients using a single observation at each time . the algorithm performs low - rank updates to dictionary matrix . we derive the algorithm by defining a simple objective function to minimize whenever an observation is arrived . we extend the algorithm further for handling missing data . we also provide a mini - batch ex ←
→ robust optimization for non - convex objectives ; we consider robust optimization problems , where the goal is to optimize in the worst case over a class of objective functions . we develop a reduction from robust improper optimization to bayesian optimization : given an oracle that returns $\ alpha $- approximate solutions for distributions over objectives , we compute a distribution over solutions that is $\ alpha $- approximate in the worst case . we show that de - randomizing this solution is np - hard in general , but c ←
→ is human face processing a feature - or pattern - based task ? evidence using a unified computational method driven by eye movements ; research on human face processing using eye movements has provided evidence that we recognize face images successfully focusing our visual attention on a few inner facial regions , mainly on the eyes , nose and mouth . to understand how we accomplish this process of coding high - dimensional faces so efficiently , this paper proposes and implements a multivariate extraction method t ←
→ neural tensor factorization ; neural collaborative filtering ( ncf ) and recurrent recommender systems ( rrn ) have been successful in modeling user - item relational data . however , they are also limited in their assumption of static or sequential modeling of relational data as they do not account for evolving users ' preference over time as well as changes in the underlying factors that drive the change in user - item relationship over time . we address these limitations by proposing a neural tensor factorization ( n ←
→ dense scattering layer removal ; we propose a new model , together with advanced optimization , to separate a thick scattering media layer from a single natural image . it is able to handle challenging underwater scenes and images taken in fog and sandstorm , both of which are with significantly reduced visibility . our method addresses the critical issue -- this is , originally unnoticeable impurities will be greatly magnified after removing the scattering media layer -- with transmission - aware optimization . we ←
→ sensing danger : innate immunology for intrusion detection ; the immune system provides an ideal metaphor for anomaly detection in general and computer security in particular . based on this idea , artificial immune systems have been used for a number of years for intrusion detection , unfortunately so far with little success . however , these previous systems were largely based on immunological theory from the 1970s and 1980s and over the last decade our understanding of immunological processes has vastly improv ←
→ design of english - hindi translation memory for efficient translation ; developing parallel corpora is an important and a difficult activity for machine translation . this requires manual annotation by human translators . translating same text again is a useless activity . there are tools available to implement this for european languages , but no such tool is available for indian languages . in this paper we present a tool for indian languages which not only provides automatic translations of the previously avai ←
→ a generalized kernel approach to structured output learning ; we study the problem of structured output learning from a regression perspective . we first provide a general formulation of the kernel dependency estimation ( kde ) problem using operator - valued kernels . we show that some of the existing formulations of this problem are special cases of our framework . we then propose a covariance - based operator - valued kernel that allows us to take into account the structure of the kernel feature space . this kernel ←
→ on the informativeness of the dna promoter sequences domain theory ; the dna promoter sequences domain theory and database have become popular for testing systems that integrate empirical and analytical learning . this note reports a simple change and reinterpretation of the domain theory in terms of m - of - n concepts , involving no learning , that results in an accuracy of 93 . 4 % on the 106 items of the database . moreover , an exhaustive search of the space of m - of - n domain theory interpretations indicates that t ←
→ strategy synthesis for general deductive games based on sat solving ; we propose a general framework for modelling and solving deductive games , where one player selects a secret code and the other player strives to discover this code using a minimal number of allowed experiments that reveal some partial information about the code . the framework is implemented in a software tool cobra , and its functionality is demonstrated by producing new results about existing deductive games .←
→ matching demand with supply in the smart grid using agent - based multiunit auction ; recent work has suggested reducing electricity generation cost by cutting the peak to average ratio ( par ) without reducing the total amount of the loads . however , most of these proposals rely on consumer ' s willingness to act . in this paper , we propose an approach to cut par explicitly from the supply side . the resulting cut loads are then distributed among consumers by the means of a multiunit auction which is done by an i ←
→ bayesian random fields : the bethe - laplace approximation ; while learning the maximum likelihood value of parameters of an undirected graphical model is hard , modelling the posterior distribution over parameters given data is harder . yet , undirected models are ubiquitous in computer vision and text modelling ( e . g . conditional random fields ). but where bayesian approaches for directed models have been very successful , a proper bayesian treatment of undirected models in still in its infant stages . we propose a ←
→ defense against adversarial attacks using high - level representation guided denoiser ; neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial examples . this phenomenon poses a threat to their applications in security - sensitive systems . it is thus important to develop effective defending methods to strengthen the robustness of neural networks to adversarial attacks . many techniques have been proposed , but only a few of them are validated on large datasets like the imagenet dataset . we propose high - level representati ←
→ distributed algorithms for learning and cognitive medium access with logarithmic regret ; the problem of distributed learning and channel access is considered in a cognitive network with multiple secondary users . the availability statistics of the channels are initially unknown to the secondary users and are estimated using sensing decisions . there is no explicit information exchange or prior agreement among the secondary users . we propose policies for distributed learning and access which achieve order - o ←
→ a norm knockout method on indirect reciprocity to reveal indispensable norms ; although various norms for reciprocity - based cooperation have been suggested that are evolutionarily stable against invasion from free riders , the process of alternation of norms and the role of diversified norms remain unclear in the evolution of cooperation . we clarify the co - evolutionary dynamics of norms and cooperation in indirect reciprocity and also identify the indispensable norms for the evolution of cooperation . inspi ←
→ two is harder to recognize than tom : the challenge of visual numerosity for deep learning ; in the spirit of turing test , we design and conduct a set of visual numerosity experiments with deep neural networks . we train dcnns with a large number of sample images that are varied visual representations of small natural numbers , towards the objective of learning numerosity perception . numerosity perception , or the number sense , is a cognitive construct so primary and so critical to the survival and well - being ←
→ a note on the complexity of the causal ordering problem ; in this note we provide a concise report on the complexity of the causal ordering problem , originally introduced by simon to reason about causal dependencies implicit in systems of mathematical equations . we show that simon ' s classical algorithm to infer causal ordering is np - hard --- an intractability previously guessed but never proven . we present then a detailed account based on nayak ' s suggested algorithmic solution ( the best available ), which is d ←
→ plan , attend , generate : character - level neural machine translation with planning in the decoder ; we investigate the integration of a planning mechanism into an encoder - decoder architecture with an explicit alignment for character - level machine translation . we develop a model that plans ahead when it computes alignments between the source and target sequences , constructing a matrix of proposed future alignments and a commitment vector that governs whether to follow or recompute the plan . this mechanism is ←
→ information bottleneck in control tasks with recurrent spiking neural networks ; the nervous system encodes continuous information from the environment in the form of discrete spikes , and then decodes these to produce smooth motor actions . understanding how spikes integrate , represent , and process information to produce behavior is one of the greatest challenges in neuroscience . information theory has the potential to help us address this challenge . informational analyses of deep and feed - forward artifici ←
→ going deeper in spiking neural networks : vgg and residual architectures ; over the past few years , spiking neural networks ( snns ) have become popular as a possible pathway to enable low - power event - driven neuromorphic hardware . however , their application in machine learning have largely been limited to very shallow neural network architectures for simple problems . in this paper , we propose a novel algorithmic technique for generating an snn with a deep architecture , and demonstrate its effectiveness on comp ←
→ zero - shot object detection : learning to simultaneously recognize and localize novel concepts ; current zero - shot learning ( zsl ) approaches are restricted to recognition of a single dominant unseen object category in a test image . we hypothesize that this setting is ill - suited for real - world applications where unseen objects appear only as a part of a complex scene , warranting both the ` recognition ' and ` localization ' of an unseen category . to address this limitation , we introduce a new \ emph {` zero - shot de ←
→ multilingual topic models ; scientific publications have evolved several features for mitigating vocabulary mismatch when indexing , retrieving , and computing similarity between articles . these mitigation strategies range from simply focusing on high - value article sections , such as titles and abstracts , to assigning keywords , often from controlled vocabularies , either manually or through automatic annotation . various document representation schemes possess different cost - benefit tradeoffs . in this paper , we ←
→ maximum likelihood joint tracking and association in a strong clutter without combinatorial complexity ; we have developed an efficient algorithm for the maximum likelihood joint tracking and association problem in a strong clutter for gmti data . by using an iterative procedure of the dynamic logic process " from vague - to - crisp ," the new tracker overcomes combinatorial complexity of tracking in highly - cluttered scenarios and results in a significant improvement in signal - to - clutter ratio .←
→ estimating genome reversal distance by genetic algorithm ; sorting by reversals is an important problem in inferring the evolutionary relationship between two genomes . the problem of sorting unsigned permutation has been proven to be np - hard . the best guaranteed error bounded is the 3 / 2 - approximation algorithm . however , the problem of sorting signed permutation can be solved easily . fast algorithms have been developed both for finding the sorting sequence and finding the reversal distance of signed permuta ←
→ a new rank constraint on multi - view fundamental matrices , and its application to camera location recovery ; accurate estimation of camera matrices is an important step in structure from motion algorithms . in this paper we introduce a novel rank constraint on collections of fundamental matrices in multi - view settings . we show that in general , with the selection of proper scale factors , a matrix formed by stacking fundamental matrices between pairs of images has rank 6 . moreover , this matrix forms the symme ←
→ beyond patient monitoring : conversational agents role in telemedicine & healthcare support for home - living elderly individuals ; there is a need for systems to dynamically interact with ageing populations to gather information , monitor health condition and provide support , especially after hospital discharge or at - home settings . several smart devices have been delivered by digital health , bundled with telemedicine systems , smartphone and other digital services . while such solutions offer personalised data ←
→ an effective algorithm for hyperparameter optimization of neural networks ; a major challenge in designing neural network ( nn ) systems is to determine the best structure and parameters for the network given the data for the machine learning problem at hand . examples of parameters are the number of layers and nodes , the learning rates , and the dropout rates . typically , these parameters are chosen based on heuristic rules and manually fine - tuned , which may be very time - consuming , because evaluating the perf ←
→ polysemous codes ; this paper considers the problem of approximate nearest neighbor search in the compressed domain . we introduce polysemous codes , which offer both the distance estimation quality of product quantization and the efficient comparison of binary codes with hamming distance . their design is inspired by algorithms introduced in the 90 ' s to construct channel - optimized vector quantizers . at search time , this dual interpretation accelerates the search . most of the indexed vectors are filtered out w ←
→ learning visual predictive models of physics for playing billiards ; the ability to plan and execute goal specific actions in varied , unexpected settings is a central requirement of intelligent agents . in this paper , we explore how an agent can be equipped with an internal model of the dynamics of the external world , and how it can use this model to plan novel actions by running multiple internal simulations (" visual imagination "). our models directly process raw visual input , and use a novel object - centric ←
→ averaging weights leads to wider optima and better generalization ; deep neural networks are typically trained by optimizing a loss function with an sgd variant , in conjunction with a decaying learning rate , until convergence . we show that simple averaging of multiple points along the trajectory of sgd , with a cyclical or constant learning rate , leads to better generalization than conventional training . we also show that this stochastic weight averaging ( swa ) procedure finds much broader optima than sgd , an ←
→ stochastic parallel block coordinate descent for large - scale saddle point problems ; we consider convex - concave saddle point problems with a separable structure and non - strongly convex functions . we propose an efficient stochastic block coordinate descent method using adaptive primal - dual updates , which enables flexible parallel optimization for large - scale problems . our method shares the efficiency and flexibility of block coordinate descent methods with the simplicity of primal - dual methods and utilizin ←
→ real - time decolorization using dominant colors ; decolorization is the process to convert a color image or video to its grayscale version , and it has received great attention in recent years . an ideal decolorization algorithm should preserve the original color contrast as much as possible . meanwhile , it should provide the final decolorized result as fast as possible . however , most of the current methods are suffering from either unsatisfied color information preservation or high computational cost , limiting ←
→ bayesian image restoration for poisson corrupted image using a latent variational method with gaussian mrf ; we treat an image restoration problem with a poisson noise chan - nel using a bayesian framework . the poisson randomness might be appeared in observation of low contrast object in the field of imaging . the noise observation is often hard to treat in a theo - retical analysis . in our formulation , we interpret the observation through the poisson noise channel as a likelihood , and evaluate the bound of ←
→ non - convex boosting overcomes random label noise ; the sensitivity of adaboost to random label noise is a well - studied problem . logitboost , brownboost and robustboost are boosting algorithms claimed to be less sensitive to noise than adaboost . we present the results of experiments evaluating these algorithms on both synthetic and real datasets . we compare the performance on each of datasets when the labels are corrupted by different levels of independent label noise . in presence of random label noise , we fo ←
→ use it or lose it : selective memory and forgetting in a perpetual learning machine ; in a recent article we described a new type of deep neural network - a perpetual learning machine ( plm ) - which is capable of learning ' on the fly ' like a brain by existing in a state of perpetual stochastic gradient descent ( psgd ). here , by simulating the process of practice , we demonstrate both selective memory and selective forgetting when we introduce statistical recall biases during psgd . frequently recalled memories ←
→ towards effective codebookless model for image classification ; the bag - of - features ( bof ) model for image classification has been thoroughly studied over the last decade . different from the widely used bof methods which modeled images with a pre - trained codebook , the alternative codebook free image modeling method , which we call codebookless model ( clm ), attracted little attention . in this paper , we present an effective clm that represents an image with a single gaussian for classification . by embedding gau ←
→ event coreference resolution by iteratively unfolding inter - dependencies among events ; we introduce a novel iterative approach for event coreference resolution that gradually builds event clusters by exploiting inter - dependencies among event mentions within the same chain as well as across event chains . among event mentions in the same chain , we distinguish within - and cross - document event coreference links by using two distinct pairwise classifiers , trained separately to capture differences in feature d ←
→ linear maximum margin classifier for learning from uncertain data ; in this paper , we propose a maximum margin classifier that deals with uncertainty in data input . more specifically , we reformulate the svm framework such that each training example can be modeled by a multi - dimensional gaussian distribution described by its mean vector and its covariance matrix -- the latter modeling the uncertainty . we address the classification problem and define a cost function that is the expected value of the classical ←
→ large - scale analysis of chess games with chess engines : a preliminary report ; the strength of chess engines together with the availability of numerous chess games have attracted the attention of chess players , data scientists , and researchers during the last decades . state - of - the - art engines now provide an authoritative judgement that can be used in many applications like cheating detection , intrinsic ratings computation , skill assessment , or the study of human decision - making . a key issue for the resear ←
→ switching convolutional neural network for crowd counting ; we propose a novel crowd counting model that maps a given crowd scene to its density . crowd analysis is compounded by myriad of factors like inter - occlusion between people due to extreme crowding , high similarity of appearance between people and background elements , and large variability of camera view - points . current state - of - the art approaches tackle these factors by using multi - scale cnn architectures , recurrent networks and late fusion of featu ←
→ ensemble of distributed learners for online classification of dynamic data streams ; we present an efficient distributed online learning scheme to classify data captured from distributed , heterogeneous , and dynamic data sources . our scheme consists of multiple distributed local learners , that analyze different streams of data that are correlated to a common event that needs to be classified . each learner uses a local classifier to make a local prediction . the local predictions are then collected by each l ←
→ fuzzy model tree for early effort estimation ; use case points ( ucp ) is a well - known method to estimate the project size , based on use case diagram , at early phases of software development . although the use case diagram is widely accepted as a de - facto model for analyzing object oriented software requirements over the world , ucp method did not take sufficient amount of attention because , as yet , there is no consensus on how to produce software effort from ucp . this paper aims to study the potential of using ←
→ abstraction in decision - makers with limited information processing capabilities ; a distinctive property of human and animal intelligence is the ability to form abstractions by neglecting irrelevant information which allows to separate structure from noise . from an information theoretic point of view abstractions are desirable because they allow for very efficient information processing . in artificial systems abstractions are often implemented through computationally costly formations of groups or cluster ←
→ high - dimensional joint sparsity random effects model for multi - task learning ; joint sparsity regularization in multi - task learning has attracted much attention in recent years . the traditional convex formulation employs the group lasso relaxation to achieve joint sparsity across tasks . although this approach leads to a simple convex formulation , it suffers from several issues due to the looseness of the relaxation . to remedy this problem , we view jointly sparse multi - task learning as a specialized random ←
→ learning from the hindsight plan -- episodic mpc improvement ; model predictive control ( mpc ) is a popular control method that has proved effective for robotics , among other fields . mpc performs re - planning at every time step . re - planning is done with a limited horizon per computational and real - time constraints and often also for robustness to potential model errors . however , the limited horizon leads to suboptimal performance . in this work , we consider the iterative learning setting , where the same task c ←
→ bayesian active edge evaluation on expensive graphs ; robots operate in environments with varying implicit structure . for instance , a helicopter flying over terrain encounters a very different arrangement of obstacles than a robotic arm manipulating objects on a cluttered table top . state - of - the - art motion planning systems do not exploit this structure , thereby expending valuable planning effort searching for implausible solutions . we are interested in planning algorithms that actively infer the underlying ←
→ equations of states in statistical learning for a nonparametrizable and regular case ; many learning machines that have hierarchical structure or hidden variables are now being used in information science , artificial intelligence , and bioinformatics . however , several learning machines used in such fields are not regular but singular statistical models , hence their generalization performance is still left unknown . to overcome these problems , in the previous papers , we proved new equations in statistical le ←
→ learning efficient representations for reinforcement learning ; markov decision processes ( mdps ) are a well studied framework for solving sequential decision making problems under uncertainty . exact methods for solving mdps based on dynamic programming such as policy iteration and value iteration are effective on small problems . in problems with a large discrete state space or with continuous state spaces , a compact representation is essential for providing an efficient approximation solutions to mdps . comm ←
→ inference and plausible reasoning in a natural language understanding system based on object - oriented semantics ; algorithms of inference in a computer system oriented to input and semantic processing of text information are presented . such inference is necessary for logical questions when the direct comparison of objects from a question and database can not give a result . the following classes of problems are considered : a check of hypotheses for persons and non - typical actions , the determination of pers ←
→ principles of design and software development models of ontological - driven computer systems ; this paper describes the design principles of methodology of knowledge - oriented information systems based on ontological approach . such systems implement technology subject - oriented extraction of knowledge from the set of natural language texts and their formal and logical presentation and application processing ←
→ online classification with complex metrics ; we present a framework and analysis of consistent binary classification for complex and non - decomposable performance metrics such as the f - measure and the jaccard measure . the proposed framework is general , as it applies to both batch and online learning , and to both linear and non - linear models . our work follows recent results showing that the bayes optimal classifier for many complex metrics is given by a thresholding of the conditional probability of the posit ←
→ horizontally scalable submodular maximization ; a variety of large - scale machine learning problems can be cast as instances of constrained submodular maximization . existing approaches for distributed submodular maximization have a critical drawback : the capacity - number of instances that can fit in memory - must grow with the data set size . in practice , while one can provision many machines , the capacity of each machine is limited by physical constraints . we propose a truly scalable approach for distribute ←
→ utilizing the world wide web as an encyclopedia : extracting term descriptions from semi - structured texts ; in this paper , we propose a method to extract descriptions of technical terms from web pages in order to utilize the world wide web as an encyclopedia . we use linguistic patterns and html text structures to extract text fragments containing term descriptions . we also use a language model to discard extraneous descriptions , and a clustering method to summarize resultant descriptions . we show the effec ←
→ invariants of objects and their images under surjective maps ; we examine the relationships between the differential invariants of objects and of their images under a surjective map . we analyze both the case when the underlying transformation group is projectable and hence induces an action on the image , and the case when only a proper subgroup of the entire group acts projectably . in the former case , we establish a constructible isomorphism between the algebra of differential invariants of the images and t ←
→ coresets for dependency networks ; many applications infer the structure of a probabilistic graphical model from data to elucidate the relationships between variables . but how can we train graphical models on a massive data set ? in this paper , we show how to construct coresets - compressed data sets which can be used as proxy for the original data and have provably bounded worst case error - for gaussian dependency networks ( dns ), i . e ., cyclic directed graphical models over gaussians , where the parents of eac ←
→ a computationally efficient limited memory cma - es for large scale optimization ; we propose a computationally efficient limited memory covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy for large scale optimization , which we call the lm - cma - es . the lm - cma - es is a stochastic , derivative - free algorithm for numerical optimization of non - linear , non - convex optimization problems in continuous domain . inspired by the limited memory bfgs method of liu and nocedal ( 1989 ), the lm - cma - es samples candidate solutions ac ←
→ robust mixture of experts modeling using the $ t $ distribution ; mixture of experts ( moe ) is a popular framework for modeling heterogeneity in data for regression , classification , and clustering . for regression and cluster analyses of continuous data , moe usually use normal experts following the gaussian distribution . however , for a set of data containing a group or groups of observations with heavy tails or atypical observations , the use of normal experts is unsuitable and can unduly affect the fit of the m ←
→ consistently estimating markov chains with noisy aggregate data ; we address the problem of estimating the parameters of a time - homogeneous markov chain given only noisy , aggregate data . this arises when a population of individuals behave independently according to a markov chain , but individual sample paths cannot be observed due to limitations of the observation process or the need to protect privacy . instead , only population - level counts of the number of individuals in each state at each time step are av ←
→ deep discrete hashing with self - supervised pairwise labels ; hashing methods have been widely used for applications of large - scale image retrieval and classification . non - deep hashing methods using handcrafted features have been significantly outperformed by deep hashing methods due to their better feature representation and end - to - end learning framework . however , the most striking successes in deep hashing have mostly involved discriminative models , which require labels . in this paper , we propose a novel u ←
→ artificial generation of big data for improving image classification : a generative adversarial network approach on sar data ; very high spatial resolution ( vhsr ) large - scale sar image databases are still an unresolved issue in the remote sensing field . in this work , we propose such a dataset and use it to explore patch - based classification in urban and periurban areas , considering 7 distinct semantic classes . in this context , we investigate the accuracy of large cnn classification models and pre - trained n ←
→ optimal localist and distributed coding of spatiotemporal spike patterns through stdp and coincidence detection ; repeating spatiotemporal spike patterns exist and carry information . here we investigate how a single neuron can optimally signal the presence of one given pattern ( localist coding ), or of either one of several patterns ( distributed coding , i . e . the neuron ' s response is ambiguous but the identity of the pattern could be inferred from the response of multiple neurons ). intuitively , we should co ←
→ image segmentation algorithms overview ; the technology of image segmentation is widely used in medical image processing , face recognition pedestrian detection , etc . the current image segmentation techniques include region - based segmentation , edge detection segmentation , segmentation based on clustering , segmentation based on weakly - supervised learning in cnn , etc . this paper analyzes and summarizes these algorithms of image segmentation , and compares the advantages and disadvantages of different algorithms ←
→ unified backpropagation for multi - objective deep learning ; a common practice in most of deep convolutional neural architectures is to employ fully - connected layers followed by softmax activation to minimize cross - entropy loss for the sake of classification . recent studies show that substitution or addition of the softmax objective to the cost functions of support vector machines or linear discriminant analysis is highly beneficial to improve the classification performance in hybrid neural networks . we prop ←
→ handwritten digit recognition with a committee of deep neural nets on gpus ; the competitive mnist handwritten digit recognition benchmark has a long history of broken records since 1998 . the most recent substantial improvement by others dates back 7 years ( error rate 0 . 4 %) . recently we were able to significantly improve this result , using graphics cards to greatly speed up training of simple but deep mlps , which achieved 0 . 35 %, outperforming all the previous more complex methods . here we report another ←
→ netizen - style commenting on fashion photos : dataset and diversity measures ; recently , deep neural network models have achieved promising results in image captioning task . yet , " vanilla " sentences , only describing shallow appearances ( e . g ., types , colors ), generated by current works are not satisfied netizen style resulting in lacking engagements , contexts , and user intentions . to tackle this problem , we propose netizen style commenting ( nsc ), to automatically generate characteristic comments to a user - co ←
→ grounding the lexical semantics of verbs in visual perception using force dynamics and event logic ; this paper presents an implemented system for recognizing the occurrence of events described by simple spatial - motion verbs in short image sequences . the semantics of these verbs is specified with event - logic expressions that describe changes in the state of force - dynamic relations between the participants of the event . an efficient finite representation is introduced for the infinite sets of intervals tha ←
→ lifted rule injection for relation embeddings ; methods based on representation learning currently hold the state - of - the - art in many natural language processing and knowledge base inference tasks . yet , a major challenge is how to efficiently incorporate commonsense knowledge into such models . a recent approach regularizes relation and entity representations by propositionalization of first - order logic rules . however , propositionalization does not scale beyond domains with only few entities and rules . in thi ←
→ model - consistent sparse estimation through the bootstrap ; we consider the least - square linear regression problem with regularization by the $\ ell ^ 1 $- norm , a problem usually referred to as the lasso . in this paper , we first present a detailed asymptotic analysis of model consistency of the lasso in low - dimensional settings . for various decays of the regularization parameter , we compute asymptotic equivalents of the probability of correct model selection . for a specific rate decay , we show that the lasso sel ←
→ large - scale optimal transport and mapping estimation ; this paper presents a novel two - step approach for the fundamental problem of learning an optimal map from one distribution to another . first , we learn an optimal transport ( ot ) plan , which can be thought as a one - to - many map between the two distributions . to that end , we propose a stochastic dual approach of regularized ot , and show empirically that it scales better than a recent related approach when the amount of samples is very large . second , we esti ←
→ why do linear svms trained on hog features perform so well ? ; linear support vector machines trained on hog features are now a de facto standard across many visual perception tasks . their popularisation can largely be attributed to the step - change in performance they brought to pedestrian detection , and their subsequent successes in deformable parts models . this paper explores the interactions that make the hog - svm symbiosis perform so well . by connecting the feature extraction and learning processes rather ←
→ a fused elastic net logistic regression model for multi - task binary classification ; multi - task learning has shown to significantly enhance the performance of multiple related learning tasks in a variety of situations . we present the fused logistic regression , a sparse multi - task learning approach for binary classification . specifically , we introduce sparsity inducing penalties over parameter differences of related logistic regression models to encode similarity across related tasks . the resulting joint l ←
→ encoding a taxonomy of web attacks with different - length vectors ; web attacks , i . e . attacks exclusively using the http protocol , are rapidly becoming one of the fundamental threats for information systems connected to the internet . when the attacks suffered by web servers through the years are analyzed , it is observed that most of them are very similar , using a reduced number of attacking techniques . it is generally agreed that classification can help designers and programmers to better understand attacks ←
→ face destylization ; numerous style transfer methods which produce artistic styles of portraits have been proposed to date . however , the inverse problem of converting the stylized portraits back into realistic faces is yet to be investigated thoroughly . reverting an artistic portrait to its original photo - realistic face image has potential to facilitate human perception and identity analysis . in this paper , we propose a novel face destylization neural network ( fdnn ) to restore the latent photo - realistic fac ←
→ computationally efficient influence maximization in stochastic and adversarial models : algorithms and analysis ; we consider the problem of influence maximization in fixed networks , for both stochastic and adversarial contagion models . the common goal is to select a subset of nodes of a specified size to infect so that the number of infected nodes at the conclusion of the epidemic is as large as possible . in the stochastic setting , the epidemic spreads according to a general triggering model , which includ ←
→ approximating higher - order distances using random projections ; we provide a simple method and relevant theoretical analysis for efficiently estimating higher - order lp distances . while the analysis mainly focuses on l4 , our methodology extends naturally to p = 6 , 8 , 10 ..., ( i . e ., when p is even ). distance - based methods are popular in machine learning . in large - scale applications , storing , computing , and retrieving the distances can be both space and time prohibitive . efficient algorithms exist for estimating ←
→ engineering fast multilevel support vector machines ; the computational complexity of solving nonlinear support vector machine ( svm ) is prohibitive on large - scale data . in particular , this issue becomes very sensitive when the data represents additional difficulties such as highly imbalanced class sizes . typically , nonlinear kernels produce significantly higher classification quality to linear kernels but introduce extra kernel and model parameters which computationally expensive fitting . this increases the ←
→ bayesian manifold learning : the locally linear latent variable model ( ll - lvm ) ; we introduce the locally linear latent variable model ( ll - lvm ), a probabilistic model for non - linear manifold discovery that describes a joint distribution over observations , their manifold coordinates and locally linear maps conditioned on a set of neighbourhood relationships . the model allows straightforward variational optimisation of the posterior distribution on coordinates and locally linear maps from the latent space to ←
→ the self - organizing symbiotic agent ; in [ n . a . baas , emergence , hierarchies , and hyper - structures , in c . g . langton ed ., artificial life iii , addison wesley , 1994 .] a general framework for the study of emergence and hyper - structure was presented . this approach is mostly concerned with the description of such systems . in this paper we will try to bring forth a different aspect of this model we feel will be useful in the engineering of agent based solutions , namely the symbiotic approach . in this approach a s ←
→ kannada named entity recognition and classification ( nerc ) based on multinomial naïve bayes ( mnb ) classifier ; named entity recognition and classification ( nerc ) is a process of identification of proper nouns in the text and classification of those nouns into certain predefined categories like person name , location , organization , date , and time etc . nerc in kannada is an essential and challenging task . the aim of this work is to develop a novel model for nerc , based on multinomial na \" ive bayes ( mnb ) clas ←
→ enhance feature discrimination for unsupervised hashing ; we introduce a novel approach to improve unsupervised hashing . specifically , we propose a very efficient embedding method : gaussian mixture model embedding ( gemb ). the proposed method , using gaussian mixture model , embeds feature vector into a low - dimensional vector and , simultaneously , enhances the discriminative property of features before passing them into hashing . our experiment shows that the proposed method boosts the hashing performance of man ←
→ feature selection for mauc - oriented classification systems ; feature selection is an important pre - processing step for many pattern classification tasks . traditionally , feature selection methods are designed to obtain a feature subset that can lead to high classification accuracy . however , classification accuracy has recently been shown to be an inappropriate performance metric of classification systems in many cases . instead , the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve ( auc ) and its multi - cl ←
→ image generation and editing with variational info generative adversarialnetworks ; recently there has been an enormous interest in generative models for images in deep learning . in pursuit of this , generative adversarial networks ( gan ) and variational auto - encoder ( vae ) have surfaced as two most prominent and popular models . while vaes tend to produce excellent reconstructions but blurry samples , gans generate sharp but slightly distorted images . in this paper we propose a new model called variational in ←
→ using artificial intelligence to identify state secrets ; whether officials can be trusted to protect national security information has become a matter of great public controversy , reigniting a long - standing debate about the scope and nature of official secrecy . the declassification of millions of electronic records has made it possible to analyze these issues with greater rigor and precision . using machine - learning methods , we examined nearly a million state department cables from the 1970s to identify fea ←
→ face recognition using 3d facial shape and color map information : comparison and combination ; in this paper , we investigate the use of 3d surface geometry for face recognition and compare it to one based on color map information . the 3d surface and color map data are from the caesar anthropometric database . we find that the recognition performance is not very different between 3d surface and color map information using a principal component analysis algorithm . we also discuss the different techniques for ←
→ automatic color image segmentation using a square elemental region - based seeded region growing and merging method ; this paper presents an efficient automatic color image segmentation method using a seeded region growing and merging method based on square elemental regions . our segmentation method consists of the three steps : generating seed regions , merging the regions , and applying a pixel - wise boundary determination algorithm to the resultant polygonal regions . the major features of our method are as f ←
→ optimal estimation for large - eddy simulation of turbulence and application to the analysis of subgrid models ; the tools of optimal estimation are applied to the study of subgrid models for large - eddy simulation of turbulence . the concept of optimal estimator is introduced and its properties are analyzed in the context of applications to a priori tests of subgrid models . attention is focused on the cook and riley model in the case of a scalar field in isotropic turbulence . using dns data , the relevance of ←
→ automated extraction of number of subjects in randomised controlled trials ; we present a simple approach for automatically extracting the number of subjects involved in randomised controlled trials ( rct ). our approach first applies a set of rule - based techniques to extract candidate study sizes from the abstracts of the articles . supervised classification is then performed over the candidates with support vector machines , using a small set of lexical , structural , and contextual features . with only a smal ←
→ hamiltonian abc ; approximate bayesian computation ( abc ) is a powerful and elegant framework for performing inference in simulation - based models . however , due to the difficulty in scaling likelihood estimates , abc remains useful for relatively low - dimensional problems . we introduce hamiltonian abc ( habc ), a set of likelihood - free algorithms that apply recent advances in scaling bayesian learning using hamiltonian monte carlo ( hmc ) and stochastic gradients . we find that a small number forward simulations can ←
→ detection of bleeding in wireless capsule endoscopy images using range ratio color ; wireless capsule endoscopy ( wce ) is device to detect abnormalities in colon , esophagus , small intestinal and stomach , to distinguish bleeding in wce images from non bleeding is a hard job by human reviewing and very time consuming . consequently , automation for classifying bleeding frames not only will expedite the process but will reduce the burden on the doctors . using the purity of the red color we can detect the bleeding ←
→ bayesian optimization for probabilistic programs ; we present the first general purpose framework for marginal maximum a posteriori estimation of probabilistic program variables . by using a series of code transformations , the evidence of any probabilistic program , and therefore of any graphical model , can be optimized with respect to an arbitrary subset of its sampled variables . to carry out this optimization , we develop the first bayesian optimization package to directly exploit the source code of its targ ←
→ automatic tracking of protein vesicles ; with the advance of fluorescence imaging technologies , recently cell biologists are able to record the movement of protein vesicles within a living cell . automatic tracking of the movements of these vesicles become key for qualitative analysis of dynamics of theses vesicles . in this thesis , we formulate such tracking problem as video object tracking problem , and design a dynamic programming method for tracking single object . our experiments on simulation data show th ←
→ generalization bound for kernel similarity learning ; similarity learning has received a large amount of interest and is an important tool for many scientific and industrial applications . in this framework , we wish to infer the distance ( similarity ) between points with respect to an arbitrary distance function $ d $. here , we formulate the problem as a regression from a feature space $\ mathcal { x }$ to an arbitrary vector space $\ mathcal { y }$, where the euclidean distance is proportional to $ d $. we then give rad ←
→ bounding the sensitivity of polynomial threshold functions ; we give the first non - trivial upper bounds on the average sensitivity and noise sensitivity of polynomial threshold functions . more specifically , for a boolean function f on n variables equal to the sign of a real , multivariate polynomial of total degree d we prove 1 ) the average sensitivity of f is at most o ( n ^{ 1 - 1 /( 4d + 6 )}) ( we also give a combinatorial proof of the bound o ( n ^{ 1 - 1 / 2 ^ d }). 2 ) the noise sensitivity of f with noise rate \ delta is ←
→ user clustering in online advertising via topic models ; in the domain of online advertising , our aim is to serve the best ad to a user who visits a certain webpage , to maximize the chance of a desired action to be performed by this user after seeing the ad . while it is possible to generate a different prediction model for each user to tell if he / she will act on a given ad , the prediction result typically will be quite unreliable with huge variance , since the desired actions are extremely sparse , and the se ←
→ plan3d : viewpoint and trajectory optimization for aerial multi - view stereo reconstruction ; we introduce a new method that efficiently computes a set of rich viewpoints and trajectories for high - quality 3d reconstructions in outdoor environments . the input images of the reconstruction are taken with a commodity rgb camera which is mounted on an autonomously navigated quadcopter , and the obtained recordings are fed into a multi - view stereo reconstruction pipeline that produces high - quality results but is c ←
→ a variational approximation for bayesian networks with discrete and continuous latent variables ; we show how to use a variational approximation to the logistic function to perform approximate inference in bayesian networks containing discrete nodes with continuous parents . essentially , we convert the logistic function to a gaussian , which facilitates exact inference , and then iteratively adjust the variational parameters to improve the quality of the approximation . we demonstrate experimentally that this ←
→ on the satisfiability problem for sparql patterns ; the satisfiability problem for sparql patterns is undecidable in general , since the expressive power of sparql 1 . 0 is comparable with that of the relational algebra . the goal of this paper is to delineate the boundary of decidability of satisfiability in terms of the constraints allowed in filter conditions . the classes of constraints considered are bound - constraints , negated bound - constraints , equalities , nonequalities , constant - equalities , and constant - n ←
→ xor at a single vertex -- artificial dendrites ; new to neuroscience with implications for ai , the exclusive or , or any other boolean gate may be biologically accomplished within a single region where active dendrites merge . this is demonstrated below using dynamic circuit analysis . medical knowledge aside , this observation points to the possibility of specially coated conductors to accomplish artificial dendrites .←
→ dynamic network surgery for efficient dnns ; deep learning has become a ubiquitous technology to improve machine intelligence . however , most of the existing deep models are structurally very complex , making them difficult to be deployed on the mobile platforms with limited computational power . in this paper , we propose a novel network compression method called dynamic network surgery , which can remarkably reduce the network complexity by making on - the - fly connection pruning . unlike the previous methods whic ←
→ exploiting linear structure within convolutional networks for efficient evaluation ; we present techniques for speeding up the test - time evaluation of large convolutional networks , designed for object recognition tasks . these models deliver impressive accuracy but each image evaluation requires millions of floating point operations , making their deployment on smartphones and internet - scale clusters problematic . the computation is dominated by the convolution operations in the lower layers of the model . we ←
→ it ' s written all over your face : full - face appearance - based gaze estimation ; eye gaze is an important non - verbal cue for human affect analysis . recent gaze estimation work indicated that information from the full face region can benefit performance . pushing this idea further , we propose an appearance - based method that , in contrast to a long - standing line of work in computer vision , only takes the full face image as input . our method encodes the face image using a convolutional neural network with spatial ←
→ quality classifiers for open source software repositories ; open source software ( oss ) often relies on large repositories , like sourceforge , for initial incubation . the oss repositories offer a large variety of meta - data providing interesting information about projects and their success . in this paper we propose a data mining approach for training classifiers on the oss meta - data provided by such data repositories . the classifiers learn to predict the successful continuation of an oss project . the ` successf ←
→ matrix variate rbm and its applications ; restricted boltzmann machine ( rbm ) is an importan - t generative model modeling vectorial data . while applying an rbm in practice to images , the data have to be vec - torized . this results in high - dimensional data and valu - able spatial information has got lost in vectorization . in this paper , a matrix - variate restricted boltzmann machine ( mvrbm ) model is proposed by generalizing the classic rbm to explicitly model matrix data . in the new rbm model , both input and hid ←
→ automated low - cost terrestrial laser scanner for measuring diameters at breast height and heights of forest trees ; terrestrial laser scanner is a kind of fast , high - precision data acquisition device , which had been more and more applied to the research areas of forest inventory . in this study , a kind of automated low - cost terrestrial laser scanner was designed and implemented based on a two - dimensional laser radar sensor sick lms - 511 and a stepper motor . the new scanner was named as bee , which can scan t ←
→ bayesian unification of gradient and bandit - based learning for accelerated global optimisation ; bandit based optimisation has a remarkable advantage over gradient based approaches due to their global perspective , which eliminates the danger of getting stuck at local optima . however , for continuous optimisation problems or problems with a large number of actions , bandit based approaches can be hindered by slow learning . gradient based approaches , on the other hand , navigate quickly in high - dimensional con ←
→ syntactic structures and code parameters ; we assign binary and ternary error - correcting codes to the data of syntactic structures of world languages and we study the distribution of code points in the space of code parameters . we show that , while most codes populate the lower region approximating a superposition of thomae functions , there is a substantial presence of codes above the gilbert - varshamov bound and even above the asymptotic bound and the plotkin bound . we investigate the dynamics induced on the ←
→ proceedings of the third conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 1987 ) ; this is the proceedings of the third conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in seattle , wa , july 10 - 12 , 1987 ←
→ policy distillation ; policies for complex visual tasks have been successfully learned with deep reinforcement learning , using an approach called deep q - networks ( dqn ), but relatively large ( task - specific ) networks and extensive training are needed to achieve good performance . in this work , we present a novel method called policy distillation that can be used to extract the policy of a reinforcement learning agent and train a new network that performs at the expert level while being dramatically smaller and ←
→ exploring the evolution of a trade - off between vigilance and foraging in group - living organisms ; despite the fact that grouping behavior has been actively studied for over a century , the relative importance of the numerous proposed fitness benefits of grouping remain unclear . we use a digital model of evolving prey under simulated predation to directly explore the evolution of gregarious foraging behavior according to one such benefit , the " many eyes " hypothesis . according to this hypothesis , collective ←
→ a study of retrieval algorithms of sparse messages in networks of neural cliques ; associative memories are data structures addressed using part of the content rather than an index . they offer good fault reliability and biological plausibility . among different families of associative memories , sparse ones are known to offer the best efficiency ( ratio of the amount of bits stored to that of bits used by the network itself ). their retrieval process performance has been shown to benefit from the use of itera ←
→ monotonicity of fitness landscapes and mutation rate control ; the typical view in evolutionary biology is that mutation rates are minimised . contrary to that view , studies in combinatorial optimisation and search have shown a clear advantage of using variable mutation rates as a control parameter to optimise the performance of evolutionary algorithms . ronald fisher ' s work is the basis of much biological theory in this area . he used euclidean geometry of continuous , infinite phenotypic spaces to study the r ←
→ linear shape deformation models with local support using graph - based structured matrix factorisation ; representing 3d shape deformations by linear models in high - dimensional space has many applications in computer vision and medical imaging , such as shape - based interpolation or segmentation . commonly , using principal components analysis a low - dimensional ( affine ) subspace of the high - dimensional shape space is determined . however , the resulting factors ( the most dominant eigenvectors of the covariance ma ←
→ efficient differentially private learning improves drug sensitivity prediction ; users of a personalised recommendation system face a dilemma : recommendations can be improved by learning from data , but only if the other users are willing to share their private information . good personalised predictions are vitally important in precision medicine , but genomic information on which the predictions are based is also particularly sensitive , as it directly identifies the patients and hence cannot easily be anon ←
→ decentralized failure diagnosis of stochastic discrete event systems ; recently , the diagnosability of {\ it stochastic discrete event systems } ( sdess ) was investigated in the literature , and , the failure diagnosis considered was {\ it centralized }. in this paper , we propose an approach to {\ it decentralized } failure diagnosis of sdess , where the stochastic system uses multiple local diagnosers to detect failures and each local diagnoser possesses its own information . in a way , the centralized failure diagnos ←
→ evolving the structure of evolution strategies ; various variants of the well known covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy ( cma - es ) have been proposed recently , which improve the empirical performance of the original algorithm by structural modifications . however , in practice it is often unclear which variation is best suited to the specific optimization problem at hand . as one approach to tackle this issue , algorithmic mechanisms attached to cma - es variants are considered and extracted as function ←
→ a novel multi - task deep learning model for skin lesion segmentation and classification ; in this study , a multi - task deep neural network is proposed for skin lesion analysis . the proposed multi - task learning model solves different tasks ( e . g ., lesion segmentation and two independent binary lesion classifications ) at the same time by exploiting commonalities and differences across tasks . this results in improved learning efficiency and potential prediction accuracy for the task - specific models , when compar ←
→ risk and parameter convergence of logistic regression ; the logistic loss is strictly convex and does not attain its infimum ; consequently the solutions of logistic regression are in general off at infinity . this work provides a convergence analysis of gradient descent applied to logistic regression under no assumptions on the problem instance . firstly , the risk is shown to converge at a rate $\ mathcal { o }(\ ln ( t )^ 2 / t )$. secondly , the parameter convergence is characterized along a unique pair of complementary ←
→ cross : efficient low - rank tensor completion ; the completion of tensors , or high - order arrays , attracts significant attention in recent research . current literature on tensor completion primarily focuses on recovery from a set of uniformly randomly measured entries , and the required number of measurements to achieve recovery is not guaranteed to be optimal . in addition , the implementation of some previous methods are np - hard . in this article , we propose a framework for low - rank tensor completion via a novel ←
→ deep convolutional networks on graph - structured data ; deep learning ' s recent successes have mostly relied on convolutional networks , which exploit fundamental statistical properties of images , sounds and video data : the local stationarity and multi - scale compositional structure , that allows expressing long range interactions in terms of shorter , localized interactions . however , there exist other important examples , such as text documents or bioinformatic data , that may lack some or all of these strong stat ←
→ a deep and autoregressive approach for topic modeling of multimodal data ; topic modeling based on latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) has been a framework of choice to deal with multimodal data , such as in image annotation tasks . another popular approach to model the multimodal data is through deep neural networks , such as the deep boltzmann machine ( dbm ). recently , a new type of topic model called the document neural autoregressive distribution estimator ( docnade ) was proposed and demonstrated state - of - the -←
→ how many vote operations are needed to manipulate a voting system ? ; in this paper , we propose a framework to study a general class of strategic behavior in voting , which we call vote operations . we prove the following theorem : if we fix the number of alternatives , generate $ n $ votes i . i . d . according to a distribution $\ pi $, and let $ n $ go to infinity , then for any $\ epsilon > 0 $, with probability at least $ 1 -\ epsilon $, the minimum number of operations that are needed for the strategic individual to achieve ←
→ new techniques for inferring l - systems using genetic algorithm ; lindenmayer systems ( l - systems ) are a formal grammar system that iteratively rewrites all symbols of a string , in parallel . when visualized with a graphical interpretation , the images have self - similar shapes that appear frequently in nature , and they have been particularly successful as a concise , reusable technique for simulating plants . the l - system inference problem is to find an l - system to simulate a given plant . this is currently done m ←
→ online photometric calibration for auto exposure video for realtime visual odometry and slam ; recent direct visual odometry and slam algorithms have demonstrated impressive levels of precision . however , they require a photometric camera calibration in order to achieve competitive results . hence , the respective algorithm cannot be directly applied to an off - the - shelf - camera or to a video sequence acquired with an unknown camera . in this work we propose a method for online photometric calibration which ena ←
→ unbiased statistics of a csp - a controlled - bias generator ; we show that estimating the complexity ( mean and distribution ) of the instances of a fixed size constraint satisfaction problem ( csp ) can be very hard . we deal with the main two aspects of the problem : defining a measure of complexity and generating random unbiased instances . for the first problem , we rely on a general framework and a measure of complexity we presented at cisse08 . for the generation problem , we restrict our analysis to the sudoku ←
→ it takes ( only ) two : adversarial generator - encoder networks ; we present a new autoencoder - type architecture that is trainable in an unsupervised mode , sustains both generation and inference , and has the quality of conditional and unconditional samples boosted by adversarial learning . unlike previous hybrids of autoencoders and adversarial networks , the adversarial game in our approach is set up directly between the encoder and the generator , and no external mappings are trained in the process of learning . ←
→ character distributions of classical chinese literary texts : zipf ' s law , genres , and epochs ; we collect 14 representative corpora for major periods in chinese history in this study . these corpora include poetic works produced in several dynasties , novels of the ming and qing dynasties , and essays and news reports written in modern chinese . the time span of these corpora ranges between 1046 bce and 2007 ce . we analyze their character and word distributions from the viewpoint of the zipf ' s law , and look fo ←
→ online feature ranking for intrusion detection systems ; many current approaches to the design of intrusion detec - tion systems apply feature selection in a static , non - adaptive fashion . these methods often neglect the dynamic nature of network data which requires to use adaptive feature selection techniques . in this paper , we present a simple technique based on incremental learning of support vector machines in order to rank the features in real time within a streaming model for network data . some illustra ←
→ building robust deep neural networks for road sign detection ; deep neural networks are built to generalize outside of training set in mind by using techniques such as regularization , early stopping and dropout . but considerations to make them more resilient to adversarial examples are rarely taken . as deep neural networks become more prevalent in mission - critical and real - time systems , miscreants start to attack them by intentionally making deep neural networks to misclassify an object of one type to be se ←
→ automatic mapping of nes games with mappy ; game maps are useful for human players , general - game - playing agents , and data - driven procedural content generation . these maps are generally made by hand - assembling manually - created screenshots of game levels . besides being tedious and error - prone , this approach requires additional effort for each new game and level to be mapped . the results can still be hard for humans or computational systems to make use of , privileging visual appearance over semantic informatio ←
→ person re - identification by saliency learning ; human eyes can recognize person identities based on small salient regions , i . e . human saliency is distinctive and reliable in pedestrian matching across disjoint camera views . however , such valuable information is often hidden when computing similarities of pedestrian images with existing approaches . inspired by our user study result of human perception on human saliency , we propose a novel perspective for person re - identification based on learning human salie ←
→ dreaming more data : class - dependent distributions over diffeomorphisms for learned data augmentation ; data augmentation is a key element in training high - dimensional models . in this approach , one synthesizes new observations by applying pre - specified transformations to the original training data ; e . g .~ new images are formed by rotating old ones . current augmentation schemes , however , rely on manual specification of the applied transformations , making data augmentation an implicit form of feature engineeri ←
→ hypergraph $ p $- laplacian : a differential geometry view ; the graph laplacian plays key roles in information processing of relational data , and has analogies with the laplacian in differential geometry . in this paper , we generalize the analogy between graph laplacian and differential geometry to the hypergraph setting , and propose a novel hypergraph $ p $- laplacian . unlike the existing two - node graph laplacians , this generalization makes it possible to analyze hypergraphs , where the edges are allowed to connec ←
→ asymptotic learnability of reinforcement problems with arbitrary dependence ; we address the problem of reinforcement learning in which observations may exhibit an arbitrary form of stochastic dependence on past observations and actions . the task for an agent is to attain the best possible asymptotic reward where the true generating environment is unknown but belongs to a known countable family of environments . we find some sufficient conditions on the class of environments under which an agent exists whi ←
→ regression phalanxes ; tomal et al . ( 2015 ) introduced the notion of " phalanxes " in the context of rare - class detection in two - class classification problems . a phalanx is a subset of features that work well for classification tasks . in this paper , we propose a different class of phalanxes for application in regression settings . we define a " regression phalanx " - a subset of features that work well together for prediction . we propose a novel algorithm which automatically chooses regression phalanxes from high ←
→ detecting context dependent messages in a conversational environment ; while automatic response generation for building chatbot systems has drawn a lot of attention recently , there is limited understanding on when we need to consider the linguistic context of an input text in the generation process . the task is challenging , as messages in a conversational environment are short and informal , and evidence that can indicate a message is context dependent is scarce . after a study of social conversation data cra ←
→ multifractal analysis of sentence lengths in english literary texts ; this paper presents analysis of 30 literary texts written in english by different authors . for each text , there were created time series representing length of sentences in words and analyzed its fractal properties using two methods of multifractal analysis : mfdfa and wtmm . both methods showed that there are texts which can be considered multifractal in this representation but a majority of texts are not multifractal or even not fractal a ←
→ face photo sketch synthesis via larger patch and multiresolution spline ; face photo sketch synthesis has got some researchers ' attention in recent years because of its potential applications in digital entertainment and law enforcement . some patches based methods have been proposed to solve this problem . these methods usually focus more on how to get a sketch patch for a given photo patch than how to blend these generated patches . however , without appropriately blending method , some jagged parts and mottle ←
→ counterfactual fairness ; machine learning can impact people with legal or ethical consequences when it is used to automate decisions in areas such as insurance , lending , hiring , and predictive policing . in many of these scenarios , previous decisions have been made that are unfairly biased against certain subpopulations , for example those of a particular race , gender , or sexual orientation . since this past data may be biased , machine learning predictors must account for this to avoid perpetuating or creatin ←
→ active control of camera parameters for object detection algorithms ; camera parameters not only play an important role in determining the visual quality of perceived images , but also affect the performance of vision algorithms , for a vision - guided robot . by quantitatively evaluating four object detection algorithms , with respect to varying ambient illumination , shutter speed and voltage gain , it is observed that the performance of the algorithms is highly dependent on these variables . from this observation ←
→ discrimination between arabic and latin from bilingual documents ; 2011 international conference on communications , computing and control applications ( ccca )←
→ a quorum sensing inspired algorithm for dynamic clustering ; quorum sensing is a decentralized biological process , through which a community of cells with no global awareness coordinate their functional behaviors based solely on cell - medium interactions and local decisions . this paper draws inspirations from quorum sensing and colony competition to derive a new algorithm for data clustering . the algorithm treats each data as a single cell , and uses knowledge of local connectivity to cluster cells into multi ←
→ output constraint transfer for kernelized correlation filter in tracking ; kernelized correlation filter ( kcf ) is one of the state - of - the - art object trackers . however , it does not reasonably model the distribution of correlation response during tracking process , which might cause the drifting problem , especially when targets undergo significant appearance changes due to occlusion , camera shaking , and / or deformation . in this paper , we propose an output constraint transfer ( oct ) method that by modeling the di ←
→ distortion varieties ; the distortion varieties of a given projective variety are parametrized by duplicating coordinates and multiplying them with monomials . we study their degrees and defining equations . exact formulas are obtained for the case of one - parameter distortions . these are based on chow polytopes and gr \" obner bases . multi - parameter distortions are studied using tropical geometry . the motivation for distortion varieties comes from multi - view geometry in computer vision . our theory furnishes a n ←
→ online learning and resource - bounded dimension : winnow yields new lower bounds for hard sets ; we establish a relationship between the online mistake - bound model of learning and resource - bounded dimension . this connection is combined with the winnow algorithm to obtain new results about the density of hard sets under adaptive reductions . this improves previous work of fu ( 1995 ) and lutz and zhao ( 2000 ), and solves one of lutz and mayordomo ' s " twelve problems in resource - bounded measure " ( 1999 ).←
→ symbolic , distributed and distributional representations for natural language processing in the era of deep learning : a survey ; natural language and symbols are intimately correlated . recent advances in machine learning ( ml ) and in natural language processing ( nlp ) seem to contradict the above intuition : symbols are fading away , erased by vectors or tensors called distributed and distributional representations . however , there is a strict link between distributed / distributional representations and symbols ←
→ a comparison of relaxations of multiset cannonical correlation analysis and applications ; canonical correlation analysis is a statistical technique that is used to find relations between two sets of variables . an important extension in pattern analysis is to consider more than two sets of variables . this problem can be expressed as a quadratically constrained quadratic program ( qcqp ), commonly referred to multi - set canonical correlation analysis ( mcca ). this is a non - convex problem and so greedy algorith ←
→ a framework for visually realistic multi - robot simulation in natural environment ; this paper presents a generalized framework for the simulation of multiple robots and drones in highly realistic models of natural environments . the proposed simulation architecture uses the unreal engine4 for generating both optical and depth sensor outputs from any position and orientation within the environment and provides several key domain specific simulation capabilities . various components and functionalities of the ←
→ active discriminative text representation learning ; we propose a new active learning ( al ) method for text classification with convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). in al , one selects the instances to be manually labeled with the aim of maximizing model performance with minimal effort . neural models capitalize on word embeddings as representations ( features ), tuning these to the task at hand . we argue that al strategies for multi - layered neural models should focus on selecting instances that most affect the ←
→ provable inductive matrix completion ; consider a movie recommendation system where apart from the ratings information , side information such as user ' s age or movie ' s genre is also available . unlike standard matrix completion , in this setting one should be able to predict inductively on new users / movies . in this paper , we study the problem of inductive matrix completion in the exact recovery setting . that is , we assume that the ratings matrix is generated by applying feature vectors to a low - rank matrix and ←
→ practical reasoning with norms for autonomous software agents ( full edition ) ; autonomous software agents operating in dynamic environments need to constantly reason about actions in pursuit of their goals , while taking into consideration norms which might be imposed on those actions . normative practical reasoning supports agents making decisions about what is best for them to ( not ) do in a given situation . what makes practical reasoning challenging is the interplay between goals that agents are pursuing ←
→ semantic interpretation of temporal information by abductive inference ; besides temporal information explicitly available in verbs and adjuncts , the temporal interpretation of a text also depends on general world knowledge and default assumptions . we will present a theory for describing the relation between , on the one hand , verbs , their tenses and adjuncts and , on the other , the eventualities and periods of time they represent and their relative temporal locations . the theory is formulated in logic and ←
→ sentibench - a benchmark comparison of state - of - the - practice sentiment analysis methods ; in the last few years thousands of scientific papers have investigated sentiment analysis , several startups that measure opinions on real data have emerged and a number of innovative products related to this theme have been developed . there are multiple methods for measuring sentiments , including lexical - based and supervised machine learning methods . despite the vast interest on the theme and wide popularity of some ←
→ an application of bayesian classification to interval encoded temporal mining with prioritized items ; in real life , media information has time attributes either implicitly or explicitly known as temporal data . this paper investigates the usefulness of applying bayesian classification to an interval encoded temporal database with prioritized items . the proposed method performs temporal mining by encoding the database with weighted items which prioritizes the items according to their importance from the us ←
→ direct acoustics - to - word models for english conversational speech recognition ; recent work on end - to - end automatic speech recognition ( asr ) has shown that the connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ) loss can be used to convert acoustics to phone or character sequences . such systems are used with a dictionary and separately - trained language model ( lm ) to produce word sequences . however , they are not truly end - to - end in the sense of mapping acoustics directly to words without an intermediate phone repr ←
→ adaptive stochastic dual coordinate ascent for conditional random fields ; this work investigates training conditional random fields ( crf ) by stochastic dual coordinate ascent ( sdca ). sdca enjoys a linear convergence rate and a strong empirical performance for independent classification problems . however , it has never been used to train crf . yet it benefits from an exact line search with a single marginalization oracle call , unlike previous approaches . in this paper , we adapt sdca to train crf and we enhanc ←
→ copasul manual - contour - based parametric and superpositional intonation stylization ; the purposes of the copasul toolkit are ( 1 ) automatic prosodic annotation and ( 2 ) prosodic feature extraction from syllable to utterance level . copasul stands for contour - based , parametric , superpositional intonation stylization . in this framework intonation is represented as a superposition of global and local contours that are described parametrically in terms of polynomial coefficients . on the global level ( usually a ←
→ the fog of war : a machine learning approach to forecasting weather on mars ; for over a decade , scientists at nasa ' s jet propulsion laboratory ( jpl ) have been recording measurements from the martian surface as a part of the mars exploration rovers mission . one quantity of interest has been the opacity of mars ' s atmosphere for its importance in day - to - day estimations of the amount of power available to the rover from its solar arrays . this paper proposes the use of neural networks as a method for forecasti ←
→ how easy is it to learn a controlled natural language for building a knowledge base ? ; recent developments in controlled natural language editors for knowledge engineering ( ke ) have given rise to expectations that they will make ke tasks more accessible and perhaps even enable non - engineers to build knowledge bases . this exploratory research focussed on novices and experts in knowledge engineering during their attempts to learn a controlled natural language ( cnl ) known as owl simplified english and use it ←
→ improved runtime bounds for the univariate marginal distribution algorithm via anti - concentration ; unlike traditional evolutionary algorithms which produce offspring via genetic operators , estimation of distribution algorithms ( edas ) sample solutions from probabilistic models which are learned from selected individuals . it is hoped that edas may improve optimisation performance on epistatic fitness landscapes by learning variable interactions . however , hardly any rigorous results are available to support ←
→ neural emoji recommendation in dialogue systems ; emoji is an essential component in dialogues which has been broadly utilized on almost all social platforms . it could express more delicate feelings beyond plain texts and thus smooth the communications between users , making dialogue systems more anthropomorphic and vivid . in this paper , we focus on automatically recommending appropriate emojis given the contextual information in multi - turn dialogue systems , where the challenges locate in understanding the w ←
→ pose estimation from a single depth image for arbitrary kinematic skeletons ; we present a method for estimating pose information from a single depth image given an arbitrary kinematic structure without prior training . for an arbitrary skeleton and depth image , an evolutionary algorithm is used to find the optimal kinematic configuration to explain the observed image . results show that our approach can correctly estimate poses of 39 and 78 degree - of - freedom models from a single depth image , even in cases ←
→ existence and finiteness conditions for risk - sensitive planning : results and conjectures ; decision - theoretic planning with risk - sensitive planning objectives is important for building autonomous agents or decision - support systems for real - world applications . however , this line of research has been largely ignored in the artificial intelligence and operations research communities since planning with risk - sensitive planning objectives is more complicated than planning with risk - neutral planning objectives .←
→ pyramidal ror for image classification ; the residual networks of residual networks ( ror ) exhibits excellent performance in the image classification task , but sharply increasing the number of feature map channels makes the characteristic information transmission incoherent , which losses a certain of information related to classification prediction , limiting the classification performance . in this paper , a pyramidal ror network model is proposed by analysing the performance characteristics of ror and combini ←
→ a bi - directional refinement algorithm for the calculus of ( co ) inductive constructions ; the paper describes the refinement algorithm for the calculus of ( co ) inductive constructions ( cic ) implemented in the interactive theorem prover matita . the refinement algorithm is in charge of giving a meaning to the terms , types and proof terms directly written by the user or generated by using tactics , decision procedures or general automation . the terms are written in an " external syntax " meant to be user friendly ←
→ analytic feature selection for support vector machines ; support vector machines ( svms ) rely on the inherent geometry of a data set to classify training data . because of this , we believe svms are an excellent candidate to guide the development of an analytic feature selection algorithm , as opposed to the more commonly used heuristic methods . we propose a filter - based feature selection algorithm based on the inherent geometry of a feature set . through observation , we identified six geometric properties that ←
→ a general iterative shrinkage and thresholding algorithm for non - convex regularized optimization problems ; non - convex sparsity - inducing penalties have recently received considerable attentions in sparse learning . recent theoretical investigations have demonstrated their superiority over the convex counterparts in several sparse learning settings . however , solving the non - convex optimization problems associated with non - convex penalties remains a big challenge . a commonly used approach is the multi - stage ←
→ end - to - end united video dehazing and detection ; the recent development of cnn - based image dehazing has revealed the effectiveness of end - to - end modeling . however , extending the idea to end - to - end video dehazing has not been explored yet . in this paper , we propose an end - to - end video dehazing network ( evd - net ), to exploit the temporal consistency between consecutive video frames . a thorough study has been conducted over a number of structure options , to identify the best temporal fusion strategy . furthermor ←
→ 1 - bit matrix completion : pac - bayesian analysis of a variational approximation ; due to challenging applications such as collaborative filtering , the matrix completion problem has been widely studied in the past few years . different approaches rely on different structure assumptions on the matrix in hand . here , we focus on the completion of a ( possibly ) low - rank matrix with binary entries , the so - called 1 - bit matrix completion problem . our approach relies on tools from machine learning theory : empirical ri ←
→ making the best of data derived from a daily practice in clinical legal medicine for research and practice - the example of spe3dlab ; forensic science suffers from a lack of studies with high - quality design , such as randomized controlled trials ( rct ). evidence in forensic science may be of insufficient quality , which is a major concern . results from rct are criticized for providing artificial results that are not useful in real life and unfit for individualized prescription . various sources of collected ←
→ learning interpretable models of phenotypes from whole genome sequences with the set covering machine ; the increased affordability of whole genome sequencing has motivated its use for phenotypic studies . we address the problem of learning interpretable models for discrete phenotypes from whole genomes . we propose a general approach that relies on the set covering machine and a k - mer representation of the genomes . we show results for the problem of predicting the resistance of pseudomonas aeruginosa , an i ←
→ person re - identification by deep joint learning of multi - loss classification ; existing person re - identification ( re - id ) methods rely mostly on either localised or global feature representation alone . this ignores their joint benefit and mutual complementary effects . in this work , we show the advantages of jointly learning local and global features in a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) by aiming to discover correlated local and global features in different context . specifically , we formulate a method fo ←
→ computationally - optimal real - resource strategies ; this paper focuses on managing the cost of deliberation before action . in many problems , the overall quality of the solution reflects costs incurred and resources consumed in deliberation as well as the cost and benefit of execution , when both the resource consumption in deliberation phase , and the costs in deliberation and execution are uncertain and may be described by probability distribution functions . a feasible ( in terms of resource consumption ) strat ←
→ playing for benchmarks ; we present a benchmark suite for visual perception . the benchmark is based on more than 250k high - resolution video frames , all annotated with ground - truth data for both low - level and high - level vision tasks , including optical flow , semantic instance segmentation , object detection and tracking , object - level 3d scene layout , and visual odometry . ground - truth data for all tasks is available for every frame . the data was collected while driving , riding , and walking a total of 184 kilome ←
→ less regret via online conditioning ; we analyze and evaluate an online gradient descent algorithm with adaptive per - coordinate adjustment of learning rates . our algorithm can be thought of as an online version of batch gradient descent with a diagonal preconditioner . this approach leads to regret bounds that are stronger than those of standard online gradient descent for general online convex optimization problems . experimentally , we show that our algorithm is competitive with state - of - the - art algorithms f ←
→ expert and non - expert opinion about technological unemployment ; there is significant concern that technological advances , especially in robotics and artificial intelligence ( ai ), could lead to high levels of unemployment in the coming decades . studies have estimated that around half of all current jobs are at risk of automation . to look into this issue in more depth , we surveyed experts in robotics and ai about the risk , and compared their views with those of non - experts . whilst the experts predicted a sig ←
→ distributive stochastic learning for delay - optimal ofdma power and subband allocation ; in this paper , we consider the distributive queue - aware power and subband allocation design for a delay - optimal ofdma uplink system with one base station , $ k $ users and $ n_f $ independent subbands . each mobile has an uplink queue with heterogeneous packet arrivals and delay requirements . we model the problem as an infinite horizon average reward markov decision problem ( mdp ) where the control actions are functions of th ←
→ a characterization of markov equivalence classes for directed acyclic graphs with latent variables ; different directed acyclic graphs ( dags ) may be markov equivalent in the sense that they entail the same conditional independence relations among the observed variables . meek ( 1995 ) characterizes markov equivalence classes for dags ( with no latent variables ) by presenting a set of orientation rules that can correctly identify all arrow orientations shared by all dags in a markov equivalence class , given a ←
→ accelerating hessian - free optimization for deep neural networks by implicit preconditioning and sampling ; hessian - free training has become a popular parallel second or - der optimization technique for deep neural network training . this study aims at speeding up hessian - free training , both by means of decreasing the amount of data used for training , as well as through reduction of the number of krylov subspace solver iterations used for implicit estimation of the hessian . in this paper , we develop an l - bfg ←
→ prophit : causal inverse classification for multiple continuously valued treatment policies ; inverse classification uses an induced classifier as a queryable oracle to guide test instances towards a preferred posterior class label . the result produced from the process is a set of instance - specific feature perturbations , or recommendations , that optimally improve the probability of the class label . in this work , we adopt a causal approach to inverse classification , eliciting treatment policies ( i . e ., featu ←
→ improved depth imaging by constrained full - waveform inversion ; we propose a formulation of full - wavefield inversion ( fwi ) as a constrained optimization problem , and describe a computationally efficient technique for solving constrained full - wavefield inversion ( cfwi ). the technique is based on using a total - variation regularization method , with the regularization weighted in favor of constraining deeper subsurface model sections . the method helps to promote " edge - preserving " blocky model inversion where fi ←
→ excitation backprop for rnns ; deep models are state - of - the - art for many vision tasks including video action recognition and video captioning . models are trained to caption or classify activity in videos , but little is known about the evidence used to make such decisions . grounding decisions made by deep networks has been studied in spatial visual content , giving more insight into model predictions for images . however , such studies are relatively lacking for models of spatiotemporal visual content - videos .←
→ dpc - net : deep pose correction for visual localization ; we present a novel method to fuse the power of deep networks with the computational efficiency of geometric and probabilistic localization algorithms . in contrast to other methods that completely replace a classical visual estimator with a deep network , we propose an approach that uses a convolutional neural network to learn difficult - to - model corrections to the estimator from ground - truth training data . to this end , we derive a novel loss function for ←
→ on the power of truncated svd for general high - rank matrix estimation problems ; we show that given an estimate $\ widehat { a }$ that is close to a general high - rank positive semi - definite ( psd ) matrix $ a $ in spectral norm ( i . e ., $\|\ widehat { a }- a \| _2 \ leq \ delta $), the simple truncated svd of $\ widehat { a }$ produces a multiplicative approximation of $ a $ in frobenius norm . this observation leads to many interesting results on general high - rank matrix estimation problems , which we briefly summarize below ($ a $ i ←
→ training deep neural networks on noisy labels with bootstrapping ; current state - of - the - art deep learning systems for visual object recognition and detection use purely supervised training with regularization such as dropout to avoid overfitting . the performance depends critically on the amount of labeled examples , and in current practice the labels are assumed to be unambiguous and accurate . however , this assumption often does not hold ; e . g . in recognition , class labels may be missing ; in detection , object ←
→ fast face - swap using convolutional neural networks ; we consider the problem of face swapping in images , where an input identity is transformed into a target identity while preserving pose , facial expression , and lighting . to perform this mapping , we use convolutional neural networks trained to capture the appearance of the target identity from an unstructured collection of his / her photographs . this approach is enabled by framing the face swapping problem in terms of style transfer , where the goal is to rend ←
→ a revision - based approach to resolving conflicting information ; in this paper , we propose a revision - based approach for conflict resolution by generalizing the disjunctive maxi - adjustment ( dma ) approach ( benferhat et al . 2004 ). revision operators can be classified into two different families : the model - based ones and the formula - based ones . so the revision - based approach has two different versions according to which family of revision operators is chosen . two particular revision operators are considered , o ←
→ an arabic - hebrew parallel corpus of ted talks ; we describe an arabic - hebrew parallel corpus of ted talks built upon wit3 , the web inventory that repurposes the original content of the ted website in a way which is more convenient for mt researchers . the benchmark consists of about 2 , 000 talks , whose subtitles in arabic and hebrew have been accurately aligned and rearranged in sentences , for a total of about 3 . 5m tokens per language . talks have been partitioned in train , development and test sets similarly ←
→ land cover mapping using ensemble feature selection methods ; ensemble classification is an emerging approach to land cover mapping whereby the final classification output is a result of a consensus of classifiers . intuitively , an ensemble system should consist of base classifiers which are diverse i . e . classifiers whose decision boundaries err differently . in this paper ensemble feature selection is used to impose diversity in ensembles . the features of the constituent base classifiers for each ensemble we ←
→ a supervised approach to extractive summarisation of scientific papers ; automatic summarisation is a popular approach to reduce a document to its main arguments . recent research in the area has focused on neural approaches to summarisation , which can be very data - hungry . however , few large datasets exist and none for the traditionally popular domain of scientific publications , which opens up challenging research avenues centered on encoding large , complex documents . in this paper , we introduce a new datase ←
→ scaling properties of human brain functional networks ; we investigate scaling properties of human brain functional networks in the resting - state . analyzing network degree distributions , we statistically test whether their tails scale as power - law or not . initial studies , based on least - squares fitting , were shown to be inadequate for precise estimation of power - law distributions . subsequently , methods based on maximum - likelihood estimators have been proposed and applied to address this question . neverthele ←
→ random input sampling for complex models using markov chain monte carlo ; many random processes can be simulated as the output of a deterministic model accepting random inputs . such a model usually describes a complex mathematical or physical stochastic system and the randomness is introduced in the input variables of the model . when the statistics of the output event are known , these input variables have to be chosen in a specific way for the output to have the prescribed statistics . because the probabilit ←
→ bayesian inference with posterior regularization and applications to infinite latent svms ; existing bayesian models , especially nonparametric bayesian methods , rely on specially conceived priors to incorporate domain knowledge for discovering improved latent representations . while priors can affect posterior distributions through bayes ' rule , imposing posterior regularization is arguably more direct and in some cases more natural and general . in this paper , we present regularized bayesian inference ( regb ←
→ towards robust neural networks via random self - ensemble ; recent studies have revealed the vulnerability of deep neural networks - a small adversarial perturbation that is imperceptible to human can easily make a well - trained deep neural network mis - classify . this makes it unsafe to apply neural networks in security - critical applications . in this paper , we propose a new defensive algorithm called random self - ensemble ( rse ) by combining two important concepts : ${\ bf randomness }$ and ${\ bf ensemble }$. to prot ←
→ exploring the entire regularization path for the asymmetric cost linear support vector machine ; we propose an algorithm for exploring the entire regularization path of asymmetric - cost linear support vector machines . empirical evidence suggests the predictive power of support vector machines depends on the regularization parameters of the training algorithms . the algorithms exploring the entire regularization paths have been proposed for single - cost support vector machines thereby providing the complete k ←
→ one big net for everything ; i apply recent work on " learning to think " ( 2015 ) and on powerplay ( 2011 ) to the incremental training of an increasingly general problem solver , continually learning to solve new tasks without forgetting previous skills . the problem solver is a single recurrent neural network ( or similar general purpose computer ) called one . one is unusual in the sense that it is trained in various ways , e . g ., by black box optimization / reinforcement learning / artificial evolution as well as s ←
→ classification of alzheimer ' s disease structural mri data by deep learning convolutional neural networks ; recently , machine learning techniques especially predictive modeling and pattern recognition in biomedical sciences from drug delivery system to medical imaging has become one of the important methods which are assisting researchers to have deeper understanding of entire issue and to solve complex medical problems . deep learning is a powerful machine learning algorithm in classification while extract ←
→ learning high dynamic range from outdoor panoramas ; outdoor lighting has extremely high dynamic range . this makes the process of capturing outdoor environment maps notoriously challenging since special equipment must be used . in this work , we propose an alternative approach . we first capture lighting with a regular , ldr omnidirectional camera , and aim to recover the hdr after the fact via a novel , learning - based inverse tonemapping method . we propose a deep autoencoder framework which regresses linear , hig ←
→ algorithms for learning sparse additive models with interactions in high dimensions ; a function $ f : \ mathbb { r }^ d \ rightarrow \ mathbb { r }$ is a sparse additive model ( spam ), if it is of the form $ f (\ mathbf { x }) = \ sum_ { l \ in \ mathcal { s }}\ phi_ { l }( x_l )$ where $\ mathcal { s } \ subset [ d ]$, $|\ mathcal { s }| \ ll d $. assuming $\ phi $' s , $\ mathcal { s }$ to be unknown , there exists extensive work for estimating $ f $ from its samples . in this work , we consider a generalized version of spams , that also allows for the presence ←
→ detection and demarcation of tumor using vector quantization in mri images ; segmenting a mri images into homogeneous texture regions representing disparate tissue types is often a useful preprocessing step in the computer - assisted detection of breast cancer . that is why we proposed new algorithm to detect cancer in mammogram breast cancer images . in this paper we proposed segmentation using vector quantization technique . here we used linde buzo - gray algorithm ( lbg ) for segmentation of mri images . initial ←
→ mugshot identification from manipulated facial images ; editing on digital images is ubiquitous . identification of deliberately modified facial images is a new challenge for face identification system . in this paper , we address the problem of identification of a face or person from heavily altered facial images . in this face identification problem , the input to the system is a manipulated or transformed face image and the system reports back the determined identity from a database of known individuals . such ←
→ an optimal algorithm for linear bandits ; we provide the first algorithm for online bandit linear optimization whose regret after t rounds is of order sqrt { td ln n } on any finite class x of n actions in d dimensions , and of order d * sqrt { t } ( up to log factors ) when x is infinite . these bounds are not improvable in general . the basic idea utilizes tools from convex geometry to construct what is essentially an optimal exploration basis . we also present an application to a model of linear bandits with expert ad ←
→ multi - evidence filtering and fusion for multi - label classification , object detection and semantic segmentation based on weakly supervised learning ; supervised object detection and semantic segmentation require object or even pixel level annotations . when there exist image level labels only , it is challenging for weakly supervised algorithms to achieve accurate predictions . the accuracy achieved by top weakly supervised algorithms is still significantly lower than their fully supervised counterparts . in ←
→ stochastic optimization approaches for solving sudoku ; in this paper the sudoku problem is solved using stochastic search techniques and these are : cultural genetic algorithm ( cga ), repulsive particle swarm optimization ( rpso ), quantum simulated annealing ( qsa ) and the hybrid method that combines genetic algorithm with simulated annealing ( hgasa ). the results obtained show that the cga , qsa and hgasa are able to solve the sudoku puzzle with cga finding a solution in 28 seconds , while qsa finding a solution ←
→ low - cost learning via active data procurement ; we design mechanisms for online procurement of data held by strategic agents for machine learning tasks . the challenge is to use past data to actively price future data and give learning guarantees even when an agent ' s cost for revealing her data may depend arbitrarily on the data itself . we achieve this goal by showing how to convert a large class of no - regret algorithms into online posted - price and learning mechanisms . our results in a sense parallel classic ←
→ face recognition using color local binary pattern from mutually independent color channels ; in this paper , a high performance face recognition system based on local binary pattern ( lbp ) using the probability distribution functions ( pdf ) of pixels in different mutually independent color channels which are robust to frontal homogenous illumination and planer rotation is proposed . the illumination of faces is enhanced by using the state - of - the - art technique which is using discrete wavelet transform ( dwt ) an ←
→ discriminative sparse coding on multi - manifold for data representation and classification ; sparse coding has been popularly used as an effective data representation method in various applications , such as computer vision , medical imaging and bioinformatics , etc . however , the conventional sparse coding algorithms and its manifold regularized variants ( graph sparse coding and laplacian sparse coding ), learn the codebook and codes in a unsupervised manner and neglect the class information available in the t ←
→ replication study : development and validation of deep learning algorithm for detection of diabetic retinopathy in retinal fundus photographs ; we have replicated some experiments in ' development and validation of a deep learning algorithm for detection of diabetic retinopathy in retinal fundus photographs ' that was published in jama 2016 ; 316 ( 22 ). we re - implemented the methods since the source code is not available . the original study used fundus images from eyepacs and three hospitals in india for trai ←
→ a spatial mapping algorithm with applications in deep learning - based structure classification ; convolutional neural network ( cnn )- based machine learning systems have made breakthroughs in feature extraction and image recognition tasks in two dimensions ( 2d ). although there is significant ongoing work to apply cnn technology to domains involving complex 3d data , the success of such efforts has been constrained , in part , by limitations in data representation techniques . most current approaches rely upon lo ←
→ learning joint intensity - depth sparse representations ; this paper presents a method for learning overcomplete dictionaries composed of two modalities that describe a 3d scene : image intensity and scene depth . we propose a novel joint basis pursuit ( jbp ) algorithm that finds related sparse features in two modalities using conic programming and integrate it into a two - step dictionary learning algorithm . jbp differs from related convex algorithms because it finds joint sparsity models with different atoms and ←
→ a fast greedy algorithm for generalized column subset selection ; this paper defines a generalized column subset selection problem which is concerned with the selection of a few columns from a source matrix a that best approximate the span of a target matrix b . the paper then proposes a fast greedy algorithm for solving this problem and draws connections to different problems that can be efficiently solved using the proposed algorithm .←
→ teaching uavs to race using ue4sim ; automating the navigation of unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs ) in diverse scenarios has gained much attention in the recent years . however , teaching uavs to fly in challenging environments remains an unsolved problem , mainly due to the lack of data for training . in this paper , we develop a photo - realistic simulator that can afford the generation of large amounts of training data ( both images rendered from the uav camera and its controls ) to teach a uav to autonomously race ←
→ tree memory networks for modelling long - term temporal dependencies ; in the domain of sequence modelling , recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) have been capable of achieving impressive results in a variety of application areas including visual question answering , part - of - speech tagging and machine translation . however this success in modelling short term dependencies has not successfully transitioned to application areas such as trajectory prediction , which require capturing both short term and long term relatio ←
→ context augmentation for convolutional neural networks ; recent enhancements of deep convolutional neural networks ( convnets ) empowered by enormous amounts of labeled data have closed the gap with human performance for many object recognition tasks . these impressive results have generated interest in understanding and visualization of convnets . in this work , we study the effect of background in the task of image classification . our results show that changing the backgrounds of the training datasets can have ←
→ online learning with preference feedback ; we propose a new online learning model for learning with preference feedback . the model is especially suited for applications like web search and recommender systems , where preference data is readily available from implicit user feedback ( e . g . clicks ). in particular , at each time step a potentially structured object ( e . g . a ranking ) is presented to the user in response to a context ( e . g . query ), providing him or her with some unobserved amount of utility . as feedba ←
→ learning large - scale topological maps using sum - product networks ; in order to perform complex actions in human environments , an autonomous robot needs the ability to understand the environment , that is , to gather and maintain spatial knowledge . topological map is commonly used for representing large scale , global maps such as floor plans . although much work has been done in topological map extraction , we have found little previous work on the problem of learning the topological map using a probabilistic mo ←
→ riemannian metric learning for symmetric positive definite matrices ; over the past few years , symmetric positive definite ( spd ) matrices have been receiving considerable attention from computer vision community . though various distance measures have been proposed in the past for comparing spd matrices , the two most widely - used measures are affine - invariant distance and log - euclidean distance . this is because these two measures are true geodesic distances induced by riemannian geometry . in this work , we foc ←
→ agent based approaches to engineering autonomous space software ; current approaches to the engineering of space software such as satellite control systems are based around the development of feedback controllers using packages such as matlab ' s simulink toolbox . these provide powerful tools for engineering real time systems that adapt to changes in the environment but are limited when the controller itself needs to be adapted . we are investigating ways in which ideas from temporal logics and agent program ←
→ reasoning about the transfer of control ; we present dcl - pc : a logic for reasoning about how the abilities of agents and coalitions of agents are altered by transferring control from one agent to another . the logical foundation of dcl - pc is cl - pc , a logic for reasoning about cooperation in which the abilities of agents and coalitions of agents stem from a distribution of atomic boolean variables to individual agents -- the choices available to a coalition correspond to assignments to the variables the coali ←
→ a novice guide towards human motion analysis and understanding ; human motion analysis and understanding has been , and is still , the focus of attention of many disciplines which is considered an obvious indicator of the wide and massive importance of the subject . the purpose of this article is to shed some light on this very important subject , so it can be a good insight for a novice computer vision researcher in this field by providing him / her with a wealth of knowledge about the subject covering many dire ←
→ relief - based feature selection : introduction and review ; feature selection plays a critical role in data mining , driven by increasing feature dimensionality in target problems and growing interest in advanced but computationally expensive methodologies able to model complex associations . specifically , there is a need for feature selection methods that are computationally efficient , yet sensitive to complex patterns of association , e . g . interactions , so that informative features are not mistakenly eliminate ←
→ model - based hierarchical clustering ; we present an approach to model - based hierarchical clustering by formulating an objective function based on a bayesian analysis . this model organizes the data into a cluster hierarchy while specifying a complex feature - set partitioning that is a key component of our model . features can have either a unique distribution in every cluster or a common distribution over some ( or even all ) of the clusters . the cluster subsets over which these features have such a common distr ←
→ a first step in combining cognitive event features and natural language representations to predict emotions ; we explore the representational space of emotions by combining methods from different academic fields . cognitive science has proposed appraisal theory as a view on human emotion with previous research showing how human - rated abstract event features can predict fine - grained emotions and capture the similarity space of neural patterns in mentalizing brain regions . at the same time , natural language ←
→" rapid " regions - of - interest detection in big histopathological images ; the sheer volume and size of histopathological images ( e . g ., 10 ^ 6 mpixel ) underscores the need for faster and more accurate regions - of - interest ( roi ) detection algorithms . in this paper , we propose such an algorithm , which has four main components that help achieve greater accuracy and faster speed : first , while using coarse - to - fine topology preserving segmentation as the baseline , the proposed algorithm uses a superpixel regularity opti ←
→ test cost and misclassification cost trade - off using reframing ; many solutions to cost - sensitive classification ( and regression ) rely on some or all of the following assumptions : we have complete knowledge about the cost context at training time , we can easily re - train whenever the cost context changes , and we have technique - specific methods ( such as cost - sensitive decision trees ) that can take advantage of that information . in this paper we address the problem of selecting models and minimising joint cost ←
→ convolutional neural networks for breast cancer screening : transfer learning with exponential decay ; in this paper , we propose a computer assisted diagnosis ( cad ) system based on a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) model , to build an end - to - end learning process that classifies breast mass lesions . we investigate the impact that has transfer learning when large data is scarce , and explore the proper way to fine - tune the layers to learn features that are more specific to the new data . the proposed ap ←
→ fast nonparametric classification based on data depth ; a new procedure , called dda - procedure , is developed to solve the problem of classifying d - dimensional objects into q >= 2 classes . the procedure is completely nonparametric ; it uses q - dimensional depth plots and a very efficient algorithm for discrimination analysis in the depth space [ 0 , 1 ]^ q . specifically , the depth is the zonoid depth , and the algorithm is the alpha - procedure . in case of more than two classes several binary classifications are perfor ←
→ localizing moments in video with natural language ; we consider retrieving a specific temporal segment , or moment , from a video given a natural language text description . methods designed to retrieve whole video clips with natural language determine what occurs in a video but not when . to address this issue , we propose the moment context network ( mcn ) which effectively localizes natural language queries in videos by integrating local and global video features over time . a key obstacle to training our mcn mo ←
→ pac - bayesian learning and domain adaptation ; in machine learning , domain adaptation ( da ) arises when the distribution gen - erating the test ( target ) data differs from the one generating the learning ( source ) data . it is well known that da is an hard task even under strong assumptions , among which the covariate - shift where the source and target distributions diverge only in their marginals , i . e . they have the same labeling function . another popular approach is to consider an hypothesis class that moves clos ←
→ symbolic probabilistic inference with evidence potential ; recent research on the symbolic probabilistic inference ( spi ) algorithm [ 2 ] has focused attention on the importance of resolving general queries in bayesian networks . spi applies the concept of dependency - directed backward search to probabilistic inference , and is incremental with respect to both queries and observations . in response to this research we have extended the evidence potential algorithm [ 3 ] with the same features . we call the extension s ←
→ learning with noise : enhance distantly supervised relation extraction with dynamic transition matrix ; distant supervision significantly reduces human efforts in building training data for many classification tasks . while promising , this technique often introduces noise to the generated training data , which can severely affect the model performance . in this paper , we take a deep look at the application of distant supervision in relation extraction . we show that the dynamic transition matrix can effectivel ←
→ tangled splines ; extracting shape information from object bound - aries is a well studied problem in vision , and has found tremen - dous use in applications like object recognition . conversely , studying the space of shapes represented by curves satisfying certain constraints is also intriguing . in this paper , we model and analyze the space of shapes represented by a 3d curve ( space curve ) formed by connecting n pieces of quarter of a unit circle . such a space curve is what we call a tangle , the name coming f ←
→ fast and accurate inference with adaptive ensemble prediction in image classification with deep neural networks ; ensembling multiple predictions is a widely used technique to improve the accuracy of various machine learning tasks . in image classification tasks , for example , averaging the predictions for multiple patches extracted from the input image significantly improves accuracy . using multiple networks trained independently to make predictions improves accuracy further . one obvious drawback of the en ←
→ gridnet with automatic shape prior registration for automatic mri cardiac segmentation ; in this paper , we propose a fully automatic mri cardiac segmentation method based on a novel deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) designed for the 2017 acdc miccai challenge . the novelty of our network comes with its embedded shape prior and its loss function tailored to the cardiac anatomy . our model includes a cardiac centerof - mass regression module which allows for an automatic shape prior registration . also , si ←
→ towards verifiably ethical robot behaviour ; ensuring that autonomous systems work ethically is both complex and difficult . however , the idea of having an additional ` governor ' that assesses options the system has , and prunes them to select the most ethical choices is well understood . recent work has produced such a governor consisting of a ` consequence engine ' that assesses the likely future outcomes of actions then applies a safety / ethical logic to select actions . although this is appealing , it is impossi ←
→ casict tibetan word segmentation system for mlws2017 ; we participated in the mlws 2017 on tibetan word segmentation task , our system is trained in a unrestricted way , by introducing a baseline system and 76w tibetan segmented sentences of ours . in the system character sequence is processed by the baseline system into word sequence , then a subword unit ( bpe algorithm ) split rare words into subwords with its corresponding features , after that a neural network classifier is adopted to token each subword into ←
→ efficient optimal learning for contextual bandits ; we address the problem of learning in an online setting where the learner repeatedly observes features , selects among a set of actions , and receives reward for the action taken . we provide the first efficient algorithm with an optimal regret . our algorithm uses a cost sensitive classification learner as an oracle and has a running time $\ mathrm { polylog }( n )$, where $ n $ is the number of classification rules among which the oracle might choose . this is expone ←
→ a survey of voice translation methodologies - acoustic dialect decoder ; speech translation has always been about giving source text or audio input and waiting for system to give translated output in desired form . in this paper , we present the acoustic dialect decoder ( add ) - a voice to voice ear - piece translation device . we introduce and survey the recent advances made in the field of speech engineering , to employ in the add , particularly focusing on the three major processing steps of recognition , transla ←
→ regret analysis for continuous dueling bandit ; the dueling bandit is a learning framework wherein the feedback information in the learning process is restricted to a noisy comparison between a pair of actions . in this research , we address a dueling bandit problem based on a cost function over a continuous space . we propose a stochastic mirror descent algorithm and show that the algorithm achieves an $ o (\ sqrt { t \ log t })$- regret bound under strong convexity and smoothness assumptions for the cost function . su ←
→ the mixing method : coordinate descent for low - rank semidefinite programming ; in this paper , we propose a coordinate descent approach to low - rank structured semidefinite programming . the approach , which we call the mixing method , is extremely simple to implement , has no free parameters , and typically attains an order of magnitude or better improvement in optimization performance over the current state of the art . we show that for certain problems , the method is strictly decreasing and guaranteed to conver ←
→ the mehler - fock transform and some applications in texture analysis and color processing ; many stochastic processes are defined on special geometrical objects like spheres and cones . we describe how tools from harmonic analysis , i . e . fourier analysis on groups , can be used to investigate probability density functions ( pdfs ) on groups and homogeneous spaces . we consider the special case of the lorentz group su ( 1 , 1 ) and the unit disk with its hyperbolic geometry , but the procedure can be generalized to a m ←
→ finding modes by probabilistic hypergraphs shifting ; in this paper , we develop a novel paradigm , namely hypergraph shift , to find robust graph modes by probabilistic voting strategy , which are semantically sound besides the self - cohesiveness requirement in forming graph modes . unlike the existing techniques to seek graph modes by shifting vertices based on pair - wise edges ( i . e , an edge with $ 2 $ ends ), our paradigm is based on shifting high - order edges ( hyperedges ) to deliver graph modes . specifically , we c ←
→ instance embedding transfer to unsupervised video object segmentation ; we propose a method for unsupervised video object segmentation by transferring the knowledge encapsulated in image - based instance embedding networks . the instance embedding network produces an embedding vector for each pixel that enables identifying all pixels belonging to the same object . though trained on static images , the instance embeddings are stable over consecutive video frames , which allows us to link objects together over time ←
→ prototyping virtual reality serious games for building earthquake preparedness : the auckland city hospital case study ; enhancing evacuee safety is a key factor in reducing the number of injuries and deaths that result from earthquakes . one way this can be achieved is by training occupants . virtual reality ( vr ) and serious games ( sgs ), represent novel techniques that may overcome the limitations of traditional training approaches . vr and sgs have been examined in the fire emergency context , however , their ←
→ a lower bound analysis of population - based evolutionary algorithms for pseudo - boolean functions ; evolutionary algorithms ( eas ) are population - based general - purpose optimization algorithms , and have been successfully applied in various real - world optimization tasks . however , previous theoretical studies often employ eas with only a parent or offspring population and focus on specific problems . furthermore , they often only show upper bounds on the running time , while lower bounds are also necessary to get ←
→ adversarial defense based on structure - to - signal autoencoders ; adversarial attack methods have demonstrated the fragility of deep neural networks . their imperceptible perturbations are frequently able fool classifiers into potentially dangerous misclassifications . we propose a novel way to interpret adversarial perturbations in terms of the effective input signal that classifiers actually use . based on this , we apply specially trained autoencoders , referred to as s2snets , as defense mechanism . they follow ←
→ extreme clicking for efficient object annotation ; manually annotating object bounding boxes is central to building computer vision datasets , and it is very time consuming ( annotating ilsvrc [ 53 ] took 35s for one high - quality box [ 62 ]). it involves clicking on imaginary corners of a tight box around the object . this is difficult as these corners are often outside the actual object and several adjustments are required to obtain a tight box . we propose extreme clicking instead : we ask the annotator to click o ←
→ joint multi - view face alignment in the wild ; the de facto algorithm for facial landmark estimation involves running a face detector with a subsequent deformable model fitting on the bounding box . this encompasses two basic problems : i ) the detection and deformable fitting steps are performed independently , while the detector might not provide best - suited initialisation for the fitting step , ii ) the face appearance varies hugely across different poses , which makes the deformable face fitting very challengin ←
→ neural networks for beginners . a fast implementation in matlab , torch , tensorflow ; this report provides an introduction to some machine learning tools within the most common development environments . it mainly focuses on practical problems , skipping any theoretical introduction . it is oriented to both students trying to approach machine learning and experts looking for new frameworks .←
→ analysis and optimization of fasttext linear text classifier ; the paper [ 1 ] shows that simple linear classifier can compete with complex deep learning algorithms in text classification applications . combining bag of words ( bow ) and linear classification techniques , fasttext [ 1 ] attains same or only slightly lower accuracy than deep learning algorithms [ 2 - 9 ] that are orders of magnitude slower . we proved formally that fasttext can be transformed into a simpler equivalent classifier , which unlike fasttext do ←
→ multi - relational learning using weighted tensor decomposition with modular loss ; we propose a modular framework for multi - relational learning via tensor decomposition . in our learning setting , the training data contains multiple types of relationships among a set of objects , which we represent by a sparse three - mode tensor . the goal is to predict the values of the missing entries . to do so , we model each relationship as a function of a linear combination of latent factors . we learn this latent representa ←
→ very deep convolutional neural networks for robust speech recognition ; this paper describes the extension and optimization of our previous work on very deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for effective recognition of noisy speech in the aurora 4 task . the appropriate number of convolutional layers , the sizes of the filters , pooling operations and input feature maps are all modified : the filter and pooling sizes are reduced and dimensions of input feature maps are extended to allow adding more convolu ←
→ imitation from observation : learning to imitate behaviors from raw video via context translation ; imitation learning is an effective approach for autonomous systems to acquire control policies when an explicit reward function is unavailable , using supervision provided as demonstrations from an expert , typically a human operator . however , standard imitation learning methods assume that the agent receives examples of observation - action tuples that could be provided , for instance , to a supervised learning a ←
→ differential contrastive divergence ; this paper has been retracted .←
→ learning hidden unit contributions for unsupervised acoustic model adaptation ; this work presents a broad study on the adaptation of neural network acoustic models by means of learning hidden unit contributions ( lhuc ) -- a method that linearly re - combines hidden units in a speaker - or environment - dependent manner using small amounts of unsupervised adaptation data . we also extend lhuc to a speaker adaptive training ( sat ) framework that leads to a more adaptable dnn acoustic model , working both in a speak ←
→ relative upper confidence bound for the k - armed dueling bandit problem ; this paper proposes a new method for the k - armed dueling bandit problem , a variation on the regular k - armed bandit problem that offers only relative feedback about pairs of arms . our approach extends the upper confidence bound algorithm to the relative setting by using estimates of the pairwise probabilities to select a promising arm and applying upper confidence bound with the winner as a benchmark . we prove a finite - time regret bound ←
→ trading regret for efficiency : online convex optimization with long term constraints ; in this paper we propose a framework for solving constrained online convex optimization problem . our motivation stems from the observation that most algorithms proposed for online convex optimization require a projection onto the convex set $\ mathcal { k }$ from which the decisions are made . while for simple shapes ( e . g . euclidean ball ) the projection is straightforward , for arbitrary complex sets this is the main computat ←
→ a hierarchical graphical model for record linkage ; the task of matching co - referent records is known among other names as rocord linkage . for large record - linkage problems , often there is little or no labeled data available , but unlabeled data shows a reasonable clear structure . for such problems , unsupervised or semi - supervised methods are preferable to supervised methods . in this paper , we describe a hierarchical graphical model framework for the linakge - problem in an unsupervised setting . in addition to ←
→ generalized multi - view embedding for visual recognition and cross - modal retrieval ; in this paper , the problem of multi - view embedding from different visual cues and modalities is considered . we propose a unified solution for subspace learning methods using the rayleigh quotient , which is extensible for multiple views , supervised learning , and non - linear embeddings . numerous methods including canonical correlation analysis , partial least sqaure regression and linear discriminant analysis are studied using ←
→ intention - net : integrating planning and deep learning for goal - directed autonomous navigation ; how can a delivery robot navigate reliably to a destination in a new office building , with minimal prior information ? to tackle this challenge , this paper introduces a two - level hierarchical approach , which integrates model - free deep learning and model - based path planning . at the low level , a neural - network motion controller , called the intention - net , is trained end - to - end to provide robust local navigation . th ←
→ on denoising autoencoders trained to minimise binary cross - entropy ; denoising autoencoders ( daes ) are powerful deep learning models used for feature extraction , data generation and network pre - training . daes consist of an encoder and decoder which may be trained simultaneously to minimise a loss ( function ) between an input and the reconstruction of a corrupted version of the input . there are two common loss functions used for training autoencoders , these include the mean - squared error ( mse ) and the binary ←
→ an even faster and more unifying algorithm for comparing trees via unbalanced bipartite matchings ; a widely used method for determining the similarity of two labeled trees is to compute a maximum agreement subtree of the two trees . previous work on this similarity measure is only concerned with the comparison of labeled trees of two special kinds , namely , uniformly labeled trees ( i . e ., trees with all their nodes labeled by the same symbol ) and evolutionary trees ( i . e ., leaf - labeled trees with distinct sy ←
→ applications of deep learning and reinforcement learning to biological data ; rapid advances of hardware - based technologies during the past decades have opened up new possibilities for life scientists to gather multimodal data in various application domains ( e . g ., omics , bioimaging , medical imaging , and [ brain / body ]- machine interfaces ), thus generating novel opportunities for development of dedicated data intensive machine learning techniques . overall , recent research in deep learning ( dl ), reinforcement ←
→ alternating minimization for mixed linear regression ; mixed linear regression involves the recovery of two ( or more ) unknown vectors from unlabeled linear measurements ; that is , where each sample comes from exactly one of the vectors , but we do not know which one . it is a classic problem , and the natural and empirically most popular approach to its solution has been the em algorithm . as in other settings , this is prone to bad local minima ; however , each iteration is very fast ( alternating between guessing ←
→ causal discovery as semi - supervised learning ; in this short report , we discuss an approach to estimating causal graphs in which indicators of causal influence between variables are treated as labels in a machine learning formulation . available data on the variables of interest are used as " inputs " to estimate the labels . we frame the problem as one of semi - supervised learning : available interventional data or background knowledge provide labels on some edges in the graph and the remaining edges are treated ←
→ principled option learning in markov decision processes ; it is well known that options can make planning more efficient , among their many benefits . thus far , algorithms for autonomously discovering a set of useful options were heuristic . naturally , a principled way of finding a set of useful options may be more promising and insightful . in this paper we suggest a mathematical characterization of good sets of options using tools from information theory . this characterization enables us to find conditions fo ←
→ a dependent partition - valued process for multitask clustering and time evolving network modelling ; the fundamental aim of clustering algorithms is to partition data points . we consider tasks where the discovered partition is allowed to vary with some covariate such as space or time . one approach would be to use fragmentation - coagulation processes , but these , being markov processes , are restricted to linear or tree structured covariate spaces . we define a partition - valued process on an arbitrary covariate ←
→ tact : a transfer actor - critic learning framework for energy saving in cellular radio access networks ; recent works have validated the possibility of improving energy efficiency in radio access networks ( rans ), achieved by dynamically turning on / off some base stations ( bss ). in this paper , we extend the research over bs switching operations , which should match up with traffic load variations . instead of depending on the dynamic traffic loads which are still quite challenging to precisely forecast , we firs ←
→ the graphical lasso : new insights and alternatives ; the graphical lasso \ citep { fht2007a } is an algorithm for learning the structure in an undirected gaussian graphical model , using $\ ell_1 $ regularization to control the number of zeros in the precision matrix ${\ b \ theta }={\ b \ sigma }^{- 1 }$ \ citep { bga2008 , yuan_lin_07 }. the {\ texttt r } package \ gl \ \ citep { fht2007a } is popular , fast , and allows one to efficiently build a path of models for different values of the tuning parameter . convergence of \ gl \ can be tri ←
→ magnetic skyrmion - based synaptic devices ; magnetic skyrmions are promising candidates for next - generation information carriers , owing to their small size , topological stability , and ultralow depinning current density . a wide variety of skyrmionic device concepts and prototypes have been proposed , highlighting their potential applications . here , we report on a bioinspired skyrmionic device with synaptic plasticity . the synaptic weight of the proposed device can be strengthened / weakened by positive / negative ←
→ classification dynamique d ' un flux documentaire : une évaluation statique préalable de l ' algorithme germen ; data - stream clustering is an ever - expanding subdomain of knowledge extraction . most of the past and present research effort aims at efficient scaling up for the huge data repositories . our approach focuses on qualitative improvement , mainly for " weak signals " detection and precise tracking of topical evolutions in the framework of information watch - though scalability is intrinsically guaranteed i ←
→ natural tts synthesis by conditioning wavenet on mel spectrogram predictions ; this paper describes tacotron 2 , a neural network architecture for speech synthesis directly from text . the system is composed of a recurrent sequence - to - sequence feature prediction network that maps character embeddings to mel - scale spectrograms , followed by a modified wavenet model acting as a vocoder to synthesize timedomain waveforms from those spectrograms . our model achieves a mean opinion score ( mos ) of $ 4 . 53 $ comparable ←
→ a multi - agent system approach to load - balancing and resource allocation for distributed computing ; in this research we use a decentralized computing approach to allocate and schedule tasks on a massively distributed grid . using emergent properties of multi - agent systems , the algorithm dynamically creates and dissociates clusters to serve the changing resource demands of a global task queue . the algorithm is compared to a standard first - in first - out ( fifo ) scheduling algorithm . experiments done on a simul ←
→ poisson -- gamma dynamical systems ; we introduce a new dynamical system for sequentially observed multivariate count data . this model is based on the gamma -- poisson construction --- a natural choice for count data --- and relies on a novel bayesian nonparametric prior that ties and shrinks the model parameters , thus avoiding overfitting . we present an efficient mcmc inference algorithm that advances recent work on augmentation schemes for inference in negative binomial models . finally , we demonstrate the model ' s ←
→ maximum margin bayesian networks ; we consider the problem of learning bayesian network classifiers that maximize the marginover a set of classification variables . we find that this problem is harder for bayesian networks than for undirected graphical models like maximum margin markov networks . the main difficulty is that the parameters in a bayesian network must satisfy additional normalization constraints that an undirected graphical model need not respect . these additional constraints complicate the opti ←
→ automatic text summarization approaches to speed up topic model learning process ; the number of documents available into internet moves each day up . for this reason , processing this amount of information effectively and expressibly becomes a major concern for companies and scientists . methods that represent a textual document by a topic representation are widely used in information retrieval ( ir ) to process big data such as wikipedia articles . one of the main difficulty in using topic model on huge data ←
→ bayesian optimization using monotonicity information and its application in machine learning hyperparameter ; we propose an algorithm for a family of optimization problems where the objective can be decomposed as a sum of functions with monotonicity properties . the motivating problem is optimization of hyperparameters of machine learning algorithms , where we argue that the objective , validation error , can be decomposed as monotonic functions of the hyperparameters . our proposed algorithm adapts bayesian o ←
→ class rectification hard mining for imbalanced deep learning ; recognising detailed facial or clothing attributes in images of people is a challenging task for computer vision , especially when the training data are both in very large scale and extremely imbalanced among different attribute classes . to address this problem , we formulate a novel scheme for batch incremental hard sample mining of minority attribute classes from imbalanced large scale training data . we develop an end - to - end deep learning framew ←
→ a classification of adjectives for polarity lexicons enhancement ; subjective language detection is one of the most important challenges in sentiment analysis . because of the weight and frequency in opinionated texts , adjectives are considered a key piece in the opinion extraction process . these subjective units are more and more frequently collected in polarity lexicons in which they appear annotated with their prior polarity . however , at the moment , any polarity lexicon takes into account prior polarity v ←
→ a machine learning approach for efficient uncertainty quantification using multiscale methods ; several multiscale methods account for sub - grid scale features using coarse scale basis functions . for example , in the multiscale finite volume method the coarse scale basis functions are obtained by solving a set of local problems over dual - grid cells . we introduce a data - driven approach for the estimation of these coarse scale basis functions . specifically , we employ a neural network predictor fitted using a ←
→ policy evaluation and optimization with continuous treatments ; we study the problem of policy evaluation and learning from batched contextual bandit data when treatments are continuous , going beyond previous work on discrete treatments . previous work for discrete treatment / action spaces focuses on inverse probability weighting ( ipw ) and doubly robust ( dr ) methods that use a rejection sampling approach for evaluation and the equivalent weighted classification problem for learning . in the continuous setting ,←
→ rotation invariant face detection using wavelet , pca and radial basis function networks ; this paper introduces a novel method for human face detection with its orientation by using wavelet , principle component analysis ( pca ) and redial basis networks . the input image is analyzed by two - dimensional wavelet and a two - dimensional stationary wavelet . the common goals concern are the image clearance and simplification , which are parts of de - noising or compression . we applied an effective procedure to reduce t ←
→ a general memory - bounded learning algorithm ; in an era of big data there is a growing need for memory - bounded learning algorithms . in the last few years researchers have investigated what cannot be learned under memory constraints . in this paper we focus on the complementary question of what can be learned under memory constraints . we show that if a hypothesis class fulfills a combinatorial condition defined in this paper , there is a memory - bounded learning algorithm for this class . we prove that certain n ←
→ hierarchical scene parsing by weakly supervised learning with image descriptions ; this paper investigates a fundamental problem of scene understanding : how to parse a scene image into a structured configuration ( i . e ., a semantic object hierarchy with object interaction relations ). we propose a deep architecture consisting of two networks : i ) a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) extracting the image representation for pixel - wise object labeling and ii ) a recursive neural network ( rsnn ) discovering the hie ←
→ distance measures for reduced ordering based vector filters ; reduced ordering based vector filters have proved successful in removing long - tailed noise from color images while preserving edges and fine image details . these filters commonly utilize variants of the minkowski distance to order the color vectors with the aim of distinguishing between noisy and noise - free vectors . in this paper , we review various alternative distance measures and evaluate their performance on a large and diverse set of images u ←
→ deep convolutional features for image based retrieval and scene categorization ; several recent approaches showed how the representations learned by convolutional neural networks can be repurposed for novel tasks . most commonly it has been shown that the activation features of the last fully connected layers ( fc7 or fc6 ) of the network , followed by a linear classifier outperform the state - of - the - art on several recognition challenge datasets . instead of recognition , this paper focuses on the image retrieva ←
→ two discourse driven language models for semantics ; natural language understanding often requires deep semantic knowledge . expanding on previous proposals , we suggest that some important aspects of semantic knowledge can be modeled as a language model if done at an appropriate level of abstraction . we develop two distinct models that capture semantic frame chains and discourse information while abstracting over the specific mentions of predicates and entities . for each model , we investigate four implementa ←
→ pose - driven deep convolutional model for person re - identification ; feature extraction and matching are two crucial components in person re - identification ( reid ). the large pose deformations and the complex view variations exhibited by the captured person images significantly increase the difficulty of learning and matching of the features from person images . to overcome these difficulties , in this work we propose a pose - driven deep convolutional ( pdc ) model to learn improved feature extraction and matching ←
→ k *- nearest neighbors : from global to local ; the weighted k - nearest neighbors algorithm is one of the most fundamental non - parametric methods in pattern recognition and machine learning . the question of setting the optimal number of neighbors as well as the optimal weights has received much attention throughout the years , nevertheless this problem seems to have remained unsettled . in this paper we offer a simple approach to locally weighted regression / classification , where we make the bias - variance tradeoff ←
→ optimizing scoring function of dynamic programming of pairwise profile alignment using derivative free neural network ; a profile comparison method with position - specific scoring matrix ( pssm ) is one of the most accurate alignment methods . currently , cosine similarity and correlation coefficient are used as scoring functions of dynamic programming to calculate similarity between pssms . however , it is unclear that these functions are optimal for profile alignment methods . at least , by definition , these fun ←
→ evaluation of a supervised learning approach for stock market operations ; data mining methods have been widely applied in financial markets , with the purpose of providing suitable tools for prices forecasting and automatic trading . particularly , learning methods aim to identify patterns in time series and , based on such patterns , to recommend buy / sell operations . the objective of this work is to evaluate the performance of random forests , a supervised learning method based on ensembles of decision trees , f ←
→ causal independence for knowledge acquisition and inference ; i introduce a temporal belief - network representation of causal independence that a knowledge engineer can use to elicit probabilistic models . like the current , atemporal belief - network representation of causal independence , the new representation makes knowledge acquisition tractable . unlike the atemproal representation , however , the temporal representation can simplify inference , and does not require the use of unobservable variables . the repres ←
→ action - based character ai in video - games with cogbots architecture : a preliminary report ; in this paper we propose an architecture for specifying the interaction of non - player characters ( npcs ) in the game - world in a way that abstracts common tasks in four main conceptual components , namely perception , deliberation , control , action . we argue that this architecture , inspired by ai research on autonomous agents and robots , can offer a number of benefits in the form of abstraction , modularity , re - usability ←
→ reinforcement learning for port - hamiltonian systems ; passivity - based control ( pbc ) for port - hamiltonian systems provides an intuitive way of achieving stabilization by rendering a system passive with respect to a desired storage function . however , in most instances the control law is obtained without any performance considerations and it has to be calculated by solving a complex partial differential equation ( pde ). in order to address these issues we introduce a reinforcement learning approach into the ene ←
→ real time clustering of time series using triangular potentials ; motivated by the problem of computing investment portfolio weightings we investigate various methods of clustering as alternatives to traditional mean - variance approaches . such methods can have significant benefits from a practical point of view since they remove the need to invert a sample covariance matrix , which can suffer from estimation error and will almost certainly be non - stationary . the general idea is to find groups of assets which ←
→ an efficient memetic , permutation - based evolutionary algorithm for real - world train timetabling ; train timetabling is a difficult and very tightly constrained combinatorial problem that deals with the construction of train schedules . we focus on the particular problem of local reconstruction of the schedule following a small perturbation , seeking minimisation of the total accumulated delay by adapting times of departure and arrival for each train and allocation of resources ( tracks , routing nodes , etc .).←
→ leveraging sentence - level information with encoder lstm for semantic slot filling ; recurrent neural network ( rnn ) and one of its specific architectures , long short - term memory ( lstm ), have been widely used for sequence labeling . in this paper , we first enhance lstm - based sequence labeling to explicitly model label dependencies . then we propose another enhancement to incorporate the global information spanning over the whole input sequence . the latter proposed method , encoder - labeler lstm , first encodes t ←
→ multiple kernel multivariate performance learning using cutting plane algorithm ; in this paper , we propose a multi - kernel classifier learning algorithm to optimize a given nonlinear and nonsmoonth multivariate classifier performance measure . moreover , to solve the problem of kernel function selection and kernel parameter tuning , we proposed to construct an optimal kernel by weighted linear combination of some candidate kernels . the learning of the classifier parameter and the kernel weight are unified in ←
→ bounding the fat shattering dimension of a composition function class built using a continuous logic connective ; we begin this report by describing the probably approximately correct ( pac ) model for learning a concept class , consisting of subsets of a domain , and a function class , consisting of functions from the domain to the unit interval . two combinatorial parameters , the vapnik - chervonenkis ( vc ) dimension and its generalization , the fat shattering dimension of scale e , are explained and a few example ←
→ learning correlation space for time series ; we propose an approximation algorithm for efficient correlation search in time series data . in our method , we use fourier transform and neural network to embed time series into a low - dimensional euclidean space . the given space is learned such that time series correlation can be effectively approximated from euclidean distance between corresponding embedded vectors . therefore , search for correlated time series can be done using an index in the embedding space for ←
→ thermal human face recognition based on haar wavelet transform and series matching technique ; thermal infrared ( ir ) images represent the heat patterns emitted from hot object and they do not consider the energies reflected from an object . objects living or non - living emit different amounts of ir energy according to their body temperature and characteristics . humans are homoeothermic and hence capable of maintaining constant temperature under different surrounding temperature . face recognition from therma ←
→ robust artificial neural networks and outlier detection . technical report ; large outliers break down linear and nonlinear regression models . robust regression methods allow one to filter out the outliers when building a model . by replacing the traditional least squares criterion with the least trimmed squares criterion , in which half of data is treated as potential outliers , one can fit accurate regression models to strongly contaminated data . high - breakdown methods have become very well established in l ←
→ mixed integer linear programming for exact finite - horizon planning in decentralized pomdps ; we consider the problem of finding an n - agent joint - policy for the optimal finite - horizon control of a decentralized pomdp ( dec - pomdp ). this is a problem of very high complexity ( nexp - hard in n >= 2 ). in this paper , we propose a new mathematical programming approach for the problem . our approach is based on two ideas : first , we represent each agent ' s policy in the sequence - form and not in the tree - form , thereby ob ←
→ automated management of pothole related disasters using image processing and geotagging ; potholes though seem inconsequential , may cause accidents resulting in loss of human life . in this paper , we present an automated system to efficiently manage the potholes in a ward by deploying geotagging and image processing techniques that overcomes the drawbacks associated with the existing survey - oriented systems . image processing is used for identification of target pothole regions in the 2d images using edge d ←
→ robust cardiac motion estimation using ultrafast ultrasound data : a low - rank - topology - preserving approach ; cardiac motion estimation is an important diagnostic tool to detect heart diseases and it has been explored with modalities such as mri and conventional ultrasound ( us ) sequences . us cardiac motion estimation still presents challenges because of the complex motion patterns and the presence of noise . in this work , we propose a novel approach to estimate the cardiac motion using ultrafast ultrasound d ←
→ efficient gpu implementation for single block orthogonal dictionary learning ; dictionary training for sparse representations involves dealing with large chunks of data and complex algorithms that determine time consuming implementations . sbo is an iterative dictionary learning algorithm based on constructing unions of orthonormal bases via singular value decomposition , that represents each data item through a single best fit orthobase . in this paper we present a gpgpu approach of implementing sbo in open ←
→ prediction error reduction function as a variable importance score ; this paper introduces and develops a novel variable importance score function in the context of ensemble learning and demonstrates its appeal both theoretically and empirically . our proposed score function is simple and more straightforward than its counterpart proposed in the context of random forest , and by avoiding permutations , it is by design computationally more efficient than the random forest variable importance function . just like ←
→ fast supervised hashing with decision trees for high - dimensional data ; supervised hashing aims to map the original features to compact binary codes that are able to preserve label based similarity in the hamming space . non - linear hash functions have demonstrated the advantage over linear ones due to their powerful generalization capability . in the literature , kernel functions are typically used to achieve non - linearity in hashing , which achieve encouraging retrieval performance at the price of slow evaluat ←
→ quantification in - the - wild : data - sets and baselines ; quantification is the task of estimating the class - distribution of a data - set . while typically considered as a parameter estimation problem with strict assumptions on the data - set shift , we consider quantification in - the - wild , on two large scale data - sets from marine ecology : a survey of caribbean coral reefs , and a plankton time series from martha ' s vineyard coastal observatory . we investigate several quantification methods from the literature and indic ←
→ improved neural relation detection for knowledge base question answering ; relation detection is a core component for many nlp applications including knowledge base question answering ( kbqa ). in this paper , we propose a hierarchical recurrent neural network enhanced by residual learning that detects kb relations given an input question . our method uses deep residual bidirectional lstms to compare questions and relation names via different hierarchies of abstraction . additionally , we propose a simple kbqa sy ←
→ a cnn - based spatial feature fusion algorithm for hyperspectral imagery classification ; the shortage of training samples remains one of the main obstacles in applying the artificial neural networks ( ann ) to the hyperspectral images classification . to fuse the spatial and spectral information , pixel patches are often utilized to train a model , which may further aggregate this problem . in the existing works , an ann model supervised by center - loss ( annc ) was introduced . training merely with spectral informat ←
→ automatic goal generation for reinforcement learning agents ; reinforcement learning is a powerful technique to train an agent to perform a task . however , an agent that is trained using reinforcement learning is only capable of achieving the single task that is specified via its reward function . such an approach does not scale well to settings in which an agent needs to perform a diverse set of tasks , such as navigating to varying positions in a room or moving objects to varying locations . instead , we propo ←
→ differential evolution for quantum robust control : algorithm , applications and experiments ; robust control design for quantum systems has been recognized as a key task in quantum information technology , molecular chemistry and atomic physics . in this paper , an improved differential evolution algorithm of msms_de is proposed to search robust fields for various quantum control problems . in msms_de , multiple samples are used for fitness evaluation and a mixed strategy is employed for mutation operation . in ←
→ latent fingerprint minutia extraction using fully convolutional network ; minutiae play a major role in fingerprint identification . extracting reliable minutiae is difficult for latent fingerprints which are usually of poor quality . as the limitation of traditional handcrafted features , a fully convolutional network ( fcn ) is utilized to learn features directly from data to overcome complex background noises . raw fingerprints are mapped to a correspondingly - sized minutia - score map with a fixed stride . and th ←
→ cutting the error by half : investigation of very deep cnn and advanced training strategies for document image classification ; we present an exhaustive investigation of recent deep learning architectures , algorithms , and strategies for the task of document image classification to finally reduce the error by more than half . existing approaches , such as the deepdocclassifier , apply standard convolutional network architectures with transfer learning from the object recognition domain . the contribution of the ←
→ pruning techniques for mixed ensembles of genetic programming models ; the objective of this paper is to define an effective strategy for building an ensemble of genetic programming ( gp ) models . ensemble methods are widely used in machine learning due to their features : they average out biases , they reduce the variance and they usually generalize better than single models . despite these advantages , building ensemble of gp models is not a well - developed topic in the evolutionary computation community . to fil ←
→ data - driven dynamic decision models ; this article outlines a method for automatically generating models of dynamic decision - making that both have strong predictive power and are interpretable in human terms . this is useful for designing empirically grounded agent - based simulations and for gaining direct insight into observed dynamic processes . we use an efficient model representation and a genetic algorithm - based estimation process to generate simple approximations that explain most of the structure of com ←
→ npc : neighbors progressive competition algorithm for classification of imbalanced data sets ; learning from many real - world datasets is limited by a problem called the class imbalance problem . a dataset is imbalanced when one class ( the majority class ) has significantly more samples than the other class ( the minority class ). such datasets cause typical machine learning algorithms to perform poorly on the classification task . to overcome this issue , this paper proposes a new approach neighbors progressive ←
→ category enhanced word embedding ; distributed word representations have been demonstrated to be effective in capturing semantic and syntactic regularities . unsupervised representation learning from large unlabeled corpora can learn similar representations for those words that present similar co - occurrence statistics . besides local occurrence statistics , global topical information is also important knowledge that may help discriminate a word from another . in this paper , we incorporate category information o ←
→ no internal regret via neighborhood watch ; we present an algorithm which attains o (\ sqrt { t }) internal ( and thus external ) regret for finite games with partial monitoring under the local observability condition . recently , this condition has been shown by ( bartok , pal , and szepesvari , 2011 ) to imply the o (\ sqrt { t }) rate for partial monitoring games against an i . i . d . opponent , and the authors conjectured that the same holds for non - stochastic adversaries . our result is in the affirmative , and it completes the ←
→ reference distance estimator ; a theoretical study is presented for a simple linear classifier called reference distance estimator ( rde ), which assigns the weight of each feature j as p ( r | j )- p ( r ), where r is a reference feature relevant to the target class y . the analysis shows that if r performs better than random guess in predicting y and is conditionally independent with each feature j , the rde will have the same classification performance as that from p ( y | j )- p ( y ), a classifier trained with the gold stan ←
→ monte carlo matrix inversion policy evaluation ; in 1950 , forsythe and leibler ( 1950 ) introduced a statistical technique for finding the inverse of a matrix by characterizing the elements of the matrix inverse as expected values of a sequence of random walks . barto and duff ( 1994 ) subsequently showed relations between this technique and standard dynamic programming and temporal differencing methods . the advantage of the monte carlo matrix inversion ( mcmi ) approach is that it scales better with respect to st ←
→ impala : scalable distributed deep - rl with importance weighted actor - learner architectures ; in this work we aim to solve a large collection of tasks using a single reinforcement learning agent with a single set of parameters . a key challenge is to handle the increased amount of data and extended training time . we have developed a new distributed agent impala ( importance weighted actor - learner architecture ) that not only uses resources more efficiently in single - machine training but also scales to thousand ←
→ fast linear model for knowledge graph embeddings ; this paper shows that a simple baseline based on a bag - of - words ( bow ) representation learns surprisingly good knowledge graph embeddings . by casting knowledge base completion and question answering as supervised classification problems , we observe that modeling co - occurences of entities and relations leads to state - of - the - art performance with a training time of a few minutes using the open sourced library fasttext .←
→ learning class - specific word representations for early detection of hoaxes in social media ; as people increasingly use social media as a source for news consumption , its unmoderated nature enables the diffusion of hoaxes , which in turn jeopardises the credibility of information gathered from social media platforms . to mitigate this problem , we study the development of a hoax detection system that can distinguish true and false reports early on . we introduce a semi - automated approach that leverages the wi ←
→ syllable analysis to build a dictation system in telugu language ; in recent decades , speech interactive systems gained increasing importance . to develop dictation system like dragon for indian languages it is most important to adapt the system to a speaker with minimum training . in this paper we focus on the importance of creating speech database at syllable units and identifying minimum text to be considered while training any speech recognition system . there are systems developed for continuous speech re ←
→ a thermodynamical approach towards multi - criteria decision making ( mcdm ) ; in multi - criteria decision making ( mcdm ) problems , ratings are assigned to the alternatives on different criteria by the expert group . in this paper , we propose a thermodynamically consistent model for mcdm using the analogies for thermodynamical indicators - energy , exergy and entropy . the most commonly used method for analysing mcdm problem is technique for order of preference by similarity to ideal solution ( topsis ). the conventio ←
→ contextualizing geometric data analysis and related data analytics : a virtual microscope for big data analytics ; the relevance and importance of contextualizing data analytics is described . qualitative characteristics might form the context of quantitative analysis . topics that are at issue include : contrast , baselining , secondary data sources , supplementary data sources , dynamic and heterogeneous data . in geometric data analysis , especially with the correspondence analysis platform , various case studies ←
→ grainy numbers ; grainy numbers are defined as tuples of bits . they form a lattice where the meet and the join operations are an addition and a multiplication . they may be substituted for the real numbers in the definition of fuzzy sets . the aim is to propose an alternative negation for the complement that we ' ll call supplement .←
→ revisiting complex moments for 2d shape representation and image normalization ; when comparing 2d shapes , a key issue is their normalization . translation and scale are easily taken care of by removing the mean and normalizing the energy . however , defining and computing the orientation of a 2d shape is not so simple . in fact , although for elongated shapes the principal axis can be used to define one of two possible orientations , there is no such tool for general shapes . as we show in the paper , previous a ←
→ distributional equivalence and structure learning for bow - free acyclic path diagrams ; we consider the problem of structure learning for bow - free acyclic path diagrams ( baps ). baps can be viewed as a generalization of linear gaussian dag models that allow for certain hidden variables . we present a first method for this problem using a greedy score - based search algorithm . we also prove some necessary and some sufficient conditions for distributional equivalence of baps which are used in an algorithmic ap - ←
→ texture segmentation based video compression using convolutional neural networks ; there has been a growing interest in using different approaches to improve the coding efficiency of modern video codec in recent years as demand for web - based video consumption increases . in this paper , we propose a model - based approach that uses texture analysis / synthesis to reconstruct blocks in texture regions of a video to achieve potential coding gains using the av1 codec developed by the alliance for open media ( aom ).←
→ question answering over knowledge base with neural attention combining global knowledge information ; with the rapid growth of knowledge bases ( kbs ) on the web , how to take full advantage of them becomes increasingly important . knowledge base - based question answering ( kb - qa ) is one of the most promising approaches to access the substantial knowledge . meantime , as the neural network - based ( nn - based ) methods develop , nn - based kb - qa has already achieved impressive results . however , previous work did not put ←
→ automatic generation of language - independent features for cross - lingual classification ; many applications require categorization of text documents using predefined categories . the main approach to performing text categorization is learning from labeled examples . for many tasks , it may be difficult to find examples in one language but easy in others . the problem of learning from examples in one or more languages and classifying ( categorizing ) in another is called cross - lingual learning . in this work , we p ←
→ bart : a bayesian reasoning tool for knowledge based systems ; as the technology for building knowledge based systems has matured , important lessons have been learned about the relationship between the architecture of a system and the nature of the problems it is intended to solve . we are implementing a knowledge engineering tool called bart that is designed with these lessons in mind . bart is a bayesian reasoning tool that makes belief networks and other probabilistic techniques available to knowledge engin ←
→ an approach for reducing outliers of non local means image denoising filter ; we propose an adaptive approach for non local means ( nlm ) image filtering termed as non local adaptive clipped means ( nlacm ), which reduces the effect of outliers and improves the denoising quality as compared to traditional nlm . common method to neglect outliers from a data population is computation of mean in a range defined by mean and standard deviation . in nlacm we perform the median within the defined range based on statis ←
→ face clustering : representation and pairwise constraints ; clustering face images according to their identity has two important applications : ( i ) grouping a collection of face images when no external labels are associated with images , and ( ii ) indexing for efficient large scale face retrieval . the clustering problem is composed of two key parts : face representation and choice of similarity for grouping faces . we first propose a representation based on resnet , which has been shown to perform very well in ima ←
→ online learning with feedback graphs : beyond bandits ; we study a general class of online learning problems where the feedback is specified by a graph . this class includes online prediction with expert advice and the multi - armed bandit problem , but also several learning problems where the online player does not necessarily observe his own loss . we analyze how the structure of the feedback graph controls the inherent difficulty of the induced $ t $- round learning problem . specifically , we show that any feedbac ←
→ gradient based seeded region grow method for ct angiographic image segmentation ; segmentation of medical images using seeded region growing technique is increasingly becoming a popular method because of its ability to involve high - level knowledge of anatomical structures in seed selection process . region based segmentation of medical images are widely used in varied clinical applications like visualization , bone detection , tumor detection and unsupervised image retrieval in clinical databases . as medical ←
→ naturalizing a programming language via interactive learning ; our goal is to create a convenient natural language interface for performing well - specified but complex actions such as analyzing data , manipulating text , and querying databases . however , existing natural language interfaces for such tasks are quite primitive compared to the power one wields with a programming language . to bridge this gap , we start with a core programming language and allow users to " naturalize " the core language incrementally b ←
→ staff line removal using generative adversarial networks ; staff line removal is a crucial pre - processing step in optical music recognition . it is a challenging task to simultaneously reduce the noise and also retain the quality of music symbol context in ancient degraded music score images . in this paper we propose a novel approach for staff line removal , based on generative adversarial networks . we convert staff line images into patches and feed them into a u - net , used as generator . the generator intends ←
→ closed - loop learning of visual control policies ; in this paper we present a general , flexible framework for learning mappings from images to actions by interacting with the environment . the basic idea is to introduce a feature - based image classifier in front of a reinforcement learning algorithm . the classifier partitions the visual space according to the presence or absence of few highly informative local descriptors that are incrementally selected in a sequence of attempts to remove perceptual aliasing . ←
→ multitask learning with ctc and segmental crf for speech recognition ; segmental conditional random fields ( scrfs ) and connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ) are two sequence labeling methods used for end - to - end training of speech recognition models . both models define a transcription probability by marginalizing decisions about latent segmentation alternatives to derive a sequence probability : the former uses a globally normalized joint model of segment labels and durations , and the latter classifies ←
→ dynamic island model based on spectral clustering in genetic algorithm ; how to maintain relative high diversity is important to avoid premature convergence in population - based optimization methods . island model is widely considered as a major approach to achieve this because of its flexibility and high efficiency . the model maintains a group of sub - populations on different islands and allows sub - populations to interact with each other via predefined migration policies . however , current island model has som ←
→ learning gradient descent : better generalization and longer horizons ; training deep neural networks is a highly nontrivial task , involving carefully selecting appropriate training algorithms , scheduling step sizes and tuning other hyperparameters . trying different combinations can be quite labor - intensive and time consuming . recently , researchers have tried to use deep learning algorithms to exploit the landscape of the loss function of the training problem of interest , and learn how to optimize over it in ←
→ locnet : improving localization accuracy for object detection ; we propose a novel object localization methodology with the purpose of boosting the localization accuracy of state - of - the - art object detection systems . our model , given a search region , aims at returning the bounding box of an object of interest inside this region . to accomplish its goal , it relies on assigning conditional probabilities to each row and column of this region , where these probabilities provide useful information regarding the loca ←
→ generation , implementation and appraisal of an n - gram based stemming algorithm ; a language independent stemmer has always been looked for . single n - gram tokenization technique works well , however , it often generates stems that start with intermediate characters , rather than initial ones . we present a novel technique that takes the concept of n gram stemming one step ahead and compare our method with an established algorithm in the field , porter ' s stemmer . results indicate that our n gram stemmer is not i ←
→ semi - automatic definite description annotation : a first report ; studies in referring expression generation ( reg ) often make use of corpora of definite descriptions produced by human subjects in controlled experiments . experiments of this kind , which are essential for the study of reference phenomena and many others , may however include a considerable amount of noise . human subjects may easily lack attention , or may simply misunderstand the task at hand and , as a result , the elicited data may include large ←
→ person re - identification with correspondence structure learning ; this paper addresses the problem of handling spatial misalignments due to camera - view changes or human - pose variations in person re - identification . we first introduce a boosting - based approach to learn a correspondence structure which indicates the patch - wise matching probabilities between images from a target camera pair . the learned correspondence structure can not only capture the spatial correspondence pattern between cameras but also han ←
→ transforming business rules into natural language text ; the aim of the project presented in this paper is to design a system for an nlg architecture , which supports the documentation process of ebusiness models . a major task is to enrich the formal description of an ebusiness model with additional information needed in an nlg task .←
→ anytime algorithms for speech parsing ? ; this paper discusses to which extent the concept of `` anytime algorithms '' can be applied to parsing algorithms with feature unification . we first try to give a more precise definition of what an anytime algorithm is . we arque that parsing algorithms have to be classified as contract algorithms as opposed to ( truly ) interruptible algorithms . with the restriction that the transaction being active at the time an interrupt is issued has to be completed before the interr ←
→ intrinsic subspace evaluation of word embedding representations ; we introduce a new methodology for intrinsic evaluation of word representations . specifically , we identify four fundamental criteria based on the characteristics of natural language that pose difficulties to nlp systems ; and develop tests that directly show whether or not representations contain the subspaces necessary to satisfy these criteria . current intrinsic evaluations are mostly based on the overall similarity or full - space similarity ←
→ object classification in images of neoclassical furniture using deep learning ; this short paper outlines research results on object classification in images of neoclassical furniture . the motivation was to provide an object recognition framework which is able to support the alignment of furniture images with a symbolic level model . a data - driven bottom - up research routine in the neoclassica research framework is the main use - case . it strives to deliver tools for analyzing the spread of aesthetic forms wh ←
→ a deep learning approach for population estimation from satellite imagery ; knowing where people live is a fundamental component of many decision making processes such as urban development , infectious disease containment , evacuation planning , risk management , conservation planning , and more . while bottom - up , survey driven censuses can provide a comprehensive view into the population landscape of a country , they are expensive to realize , are infrequently performed , and only provide population counts over b ←
→ multi - stage multi - recursive - input fully convolutional networks for neuronal boundary detection ; in the field of connectomics , neuroscientists seek to identify cortical connectivity comprehensively . neuronal boundary detection from the electron microscopy ( em ) images is often done to assist the automatic reconstruction of neuronal circuit . but the segmentation of em images is a challenging problem , as it requires the detector to be able to detect both filament - like thin and blob - like thick membrane , while ←
→ hybrid multi - camera visual servoing to moving target ; visual servoing is a well - known task in robotics . however , there are still challenges when multiple sources are combined to accurately guide the robot or occlusions appear . in this paper we present a novel visual servoing approach using hybrid multi - camera input data to lead a robot arm accurately to dynamically moving target points in the presence of partial occlusions . the approach uses four rgbd sensors as eye - to - hand ( etoh ) visual input , and an arm -←
→ learning and - or models to represent context and occlusion for car detection and viewpoint estimation ; this paper presents a method for learning and - or models to represent context and occlusion for car detection and viewpoint estimation . the learned and - or model represents car - to - car context and occlusion configurations at three levels : ( i ) spatially - aligned cars , ( ii ) single car under different occlusion configurations , and ( iii ) a small number of parts . the and - or model embeds a grammar for representing ←
→ a parzen - based distance between probability measures as an alternative of summary statistics in approximate bayesian computation ; approximate bayesian computation ( abc ) are likelihood - free monte carlo methods . abc methods use a comparison between simulated data , using different parameters drew from a prior distribution , and observed data . this comparison process is based on computing a distance between the summary statistics from the simulated data and the observed data . for complex models , it is usually ←
→ a lbp based correspondence identification scheme for multi - view sensing network ; in this paper , we describes a correspondence identification method between two - views of regular rgb camera that can be run in real - time . the basic idea is first applying normalized cross correlation to retrieve a sparse set of matching pairs from image pair . then loopy belief propagation scheme is applied to the the set of possible candidates to densely identify correspondences from different views . the experiment results de ←
→ deepskeleton : learning multi - task scale - associated deep side outputs for object skeleton extraction in natural images ; object skeletons are useful for object representation and object detection . they are complementary to the object contour , and provide extra information , such as how object scale ( thickness ) varies among object parts . but object skeleton extraction from natural images is very challenging , because it requires the extractor to be able to capture both local and non - local image context in ord ←
→ a harmonic mean linear discriminant analysis for robust image classification ; linear discriminant analysis ( lda ) is a widely - used supervised dimensionality reduction method in computer vision and pattern recognition . in null space based lda ( nlda ), a well - known lda extension , between - class distance is maximized in the null space of the within - class scatter matrix . however , there are some limitations in nlda . firstly , for many data sets , null space of within - class scatter matrix does not exist , thus nlda ←
→ actor - critic algorithms for learning nash equilibria in n - player general - sum games ; we consider the problem of finding stationary nash equilibria ( ne ) in a finite discounted general - sum stochastic game . we first generalize a non - linear optimization problem from filar and vrieze [ 2004 ] to a $ n $- player setting and break down this problem into simpler sub - problems that ensure there is no bellman error for a given state and an agent . we then provide a characterization of solution points of these sub - problems ←
→ a novel architecture for computing approximate radon transform ; radon transform is a type of transform which is used in image processing to transfer the image into intercept - slope coordinate . its diagonal properties made it appropriate for some applications which need processes in different degrees . radon transform computation needs a lot of arithmetic operations which makes it a compute - intensive algorithm . in literature an approximate algorithm for computing radon transform is introduces which reduces th ←
→ a definition of artificial intelligence ; in this paper we offer a formal definition of artificial intelligence and this directly gives us an algorithm for construction of this object . really , this algorithm is useless due to the combinatory explosion . the main innovation in our definition is that it does not include the knowledge as a part of the intelligence . so according to our definition a newly born baby also is an intellect . here we differs with turing ' s definition which suggests that an intellect i ←
→ state representation learning for control : an overview ; representation learning algorithms are designed to learn abstract features that characterize data . state representation learning ( srl ) focuses on a particular kind of representation learning where learned features are in low dimension , evolve through time , and are influenced by actions of an agent . as the representation learned captures the variation in the environment generated by agents , this kind of representation is particularly suitable for robot ←
→ asymptotic risks of viterbi segmentation ; we consider the maximum likelihood ( viterbi ) alignment of a hidden markov model ( hmm ). in an hmm , the underlying markov chain is usually hidden and the viterbi alignment is often used as the estimate of it . this approach will be referred to as the viterbi segmentation . the goodness of the viterbi segmentation can be measured by several risks . in this paper , we prove the existence of asymptotic risks . being independent of data , the asymptotic risks can be considered ←
→ simple heuristics for the assembly line worker assignment and balancing problem ; we propose simple heuristics for the assembly line worker assignment and balancing problem . this problem typically occurs in assembly lines in sheltered work centers for the disabled . different from the classical simple assembly line balancing problem , the task execution times vary according to the assigned worker . we develop a constructive heuristic framework based on task and worker priority rules defining the order in whi ←
→ robust 3d action recognition through sampling local appearances and global distributions ; 3d action recognition has broad applications in human - computer interaction and intelligent surveillance . however , recognizing similar actions remains challenging since previous literature fails to capture motion and shape cues effectively from noisy depth data . in this paper , we propose a novel two - layer bag - of - visual - words ( bovw ) model , which suppresses the noise disturbances and jointly encodes both motion and sha ←
→ super - fan : integrated facial landmark localization and super - resolution of real - world low resolution faces in arbitrary poses with gans ; this paper addresses two challenging tasks : improving the quality of real - world low resolution face images via super - resolution and accurately locating the facial landmarks on such poor resolution images . to this end , we make the following 5 contributions : ( a ) we propose super - fan : the very first end - to - end system that addresses both tasks simultaneously , i . e . both impr ←
→ labelbank : revisiting global perspectives for semantic segmentation ; semantic segmentation requires a detailed labeling of image pixels by object category . information derived from local image patches is necessary to describe the detailed shape of individual objects . however , this information is ambiguous and can result in noisy labels . global inference of image content can instead capture the general semantic concepts present . we advocate that holistic inference of image concepts provides valuable informa ←
→ vision - based navigation ii : error analysis for a navigation algorithm based on optical - flow and a digital terrain map ; the paper deals with the error analysis of a navigation algorithm that uses as input a sequence of images acquired by a moving camera and a digital terrain map ( dtm ) of the region been imaged by the camera during the motion . the main sources of error are more or less straightforward to identify : camera resolution , structure of the observed terrain and dtm accuracy , field of view and came ←
→ differentially private empirical risk minimization revisited : faster and more general ; in this paper we study the differentially private empirical risk minimization ( erm ) problem in different settings . for smooth ( strongly ) convex loss function with or without ( non )- smooth regularization , we give algorithms that achieve either optimal or near optimal utility bounds with less gradient complexity compared with previous work . for erm with smooth convex loss function in high - dimensional ($ p \ gg n $) setting , w ←
→ iterative spectral clustering for unsupervised object localization ; this paper addresses the problem of unsupervised object localization in an image . unlike previous supervised and weakly supervised algorithms that require bounding box or image level annotations for training classifiers in order to learn features representing the object , we propose a simple yet effective technique for localization using iterative spectral clustering . this iterative spectral clustering approach along with appropriate cluste ←
→ a bayesian network model for interesting itemsets ; mining itemsets that are the most interesting under a statistical model of the underlying data is a commonly used and well - studied technique for exploratory data analysis , with the most recent interestingness models exhibiting state of the art performance . continuing this highly promising line of work , we propose the first , to the best of our knowledge , generative model over itemsets , in the form of a bayesian network , and an associated novel measure of in ←
→ improved spoken document summarization with coverage modeling techniques ; extractive summarization aims at selecting a set of indicative sentences from a source document as a summary that can express the major theme of the document . a general consensus on extractive summarization is that both relevance and coverage are critical issues to address . the existing methods designed to model coverage can be characterized by either reducing redundancy or increasing diversity in the summary . maximal margin relevanc ←
→ a deep reinforcement learning chatbot ; we present milabot : a deep reinforcement learning chatbot developed by the montreal institute for learning algorithms ( mila ) for the amazon alexa prize competition . milabot is capable of conversing with humans on popular small talk topics through both speech and text . the system consists of an ensemble of natural language generation and retrieval models , including template - based models , bag - of - words models , sequence - to - sequence neural network and latent variable neura ←
→ global gene expression analysis using machine learning methods ; microarray is a technology to quantitatively monitor the expression of large number of genes in parallel . it has become one of the main tools for global gene expression analysis in molecular biology research in recent years . the large amount of expression data generated by this technology makes the study of certain complex biological problems possible and machine learning methods are playing a crucial role in the analysis process . at present , ←
→ online metric - weighted linear representations for robust visual tracking ; in this paper , we propose a visual tracker based on a metric - weighted linear representation of appearance . in order to capture the interdependence of different feature dimensions , we develop two online distance metric learning methods using proximity comparison information and structured output learning . the learned metric is then incorporated into a linear representation of appearance . we show that online distance metric learning ←
→ semantic jitter : dense supervision for visual comparisons via synthetic images ; distinguishing subtle differences in attributes is valuable , yet learning to make visual comparisons remains non - trivial . not only is the number of possible comparisons quadratic in the number of training images , but also access to images adequately spanning the space of fine - grained visual differences is limited . we propose to overcome the sparsity of supervision problem via synthetically generated images . building on a stat ←
→ generating thematic chinese poetry using conditional variational autoencoders with hybrid decoders ; computer poetry generation is our first step towards computer writing . writing must have a theme . the current approaches of using sequence - to - sequence models with attention often produce non - thematic poems . we present a novel conditional variational autoencoder with a hybrid decoder adding the deconvolutional neural networks to the general recurrent neural networks to fully learn topic information via late ←
→ one - shot coresets : the case of k - clustering ; scaling clustering algorithms to massive data sets is a challenging task . recently , several successful approaches based on data summarization methods , such as coresets and sketches , were proposed . while these techniques provide provably good and small summaries , they are inherently problem dependent - the practitioner has to commit to a fixed clustering objective before even exploring the data . however , can one construct small data summaries for a wide range of ←
→ moment based estimation of stochastic kronecker graph parameters ; stochastic kronecker graphs supply a parsimonious model for large sparse real world graphs . they can specify the distribution of a large random graph using only three or four parameters . those parameters have however proved difficult to choose in specific applications . this article looks at method of moments estimators that are computationally much simpler than maximum likelihood . the estimators are fast and in our examples , they typically y ←
→ a self - organizing neural network architecture for learning human - object interactions ; the visual recognition of transitive actions comprising human - object interactions is a key component for artificial systems operating in natural environments . this challenging task requires jointly the recognition of articulated body actions as well as the extraction of semantic elements from the scene such as the identity of the manipulated objects . in this paper , we present a self - organizing neural network for the rec ←
→ a literature survey of various fingerprint de - noising techniques to justify the need of a new de - noising model based upon pixel component analysis ; image preprocessing is a vital step in the field of image processing for biometric pattern recognition . this paper studies and reviews various classical and modern fingerprint image de - noising models . the various model used for de - noising ranges widely from transform matrix using frequency , histogram model de - noising , de - noising by introducing gabor filter ←
→ delay - optimal power and subcarrier allocation for ofdma systems via stochastic approximation ; in this paper , we consider delay - optimal power and subcarrier allocation design for ofdma systems with $ n_f $ subcarriers , $ k $ mobiles and one base station . there are $ k $ queues at the base station for the downlink traffic to the $ k $ mobiles with heterogeneous packet arrivals and delay requirements . we shall model the problem as a $ k $- dimensional infinite horizon average reward markov decision problem ( mdp ) where ←
→ a formal framework for deliberated judgment ; while the philosophical literature has extensively studied how decisions relate to arguments , reasons and justifications , decision theory almost entirely ignores the latter notions and rather focuses on preference and belief . in this article , we argue that decision theory can largely benefit from explicitly taking into account the stance that decision - makers take towards arguments and counter - arguments . to that end , we elaborate a formal framework aiming to inte ←
→ k - plane regression ; in this paper , we present a novel algorithm for piecewise linear regression which can learn continuous as well as discontinuous piecewise linear functions . the main idea is to repeatedly partition the data and learn a liner model in in each partition . while a simple algorithm incorporating this idea does not work well , an interesting modification results in a good algorithm . the proposed algorithm is similar in spirit to $ k $- means clustering algorithm . we show that our algorithm can als ←
→ towards cnn map representation and compression for camera relocalisation ; this paper presents a study on the use of convolutional neural networks for camera relocalisation and its application to map compression . we follow state of the art visual relocalisation results and evaluate response to different data inputs -- namely , depth , grayscale , rgb , spatial position and combinations of these . we use a cnn map representation and introduce the notion of map compression under this paradigm by using smaller cnn ←
→ learning pixel - distribution prior with wider convolution for image denoising ; in this work , we explore an innovative strategy for image denoising by using convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) to learn pixel - distribution from noisy data . by increasing cnn ' s width with large reception fields and more channels in each layer , cnns can reveal the ability to learn pixel - distribution , which is a prior existing in many different types of noise . the key to our approach is a discovery that wider cnns tends to learn ←
→ cost adaptation for robust decentralized swarm behaviour ; the multi - agent swarm system is a robust paradigm which can drive efficient completion of complex tasks even under energy limitations and time constraints . however , coordination of a swarm from a centralized command center can be difficult , particularly as the swarm becomes large and spans wide ranges . here , we leverage propagation of messages based on mesh - networking protocols for global communication in the swarm and online cost - optimization throu ←
→ vertical landing for micro air vehicles using event - based optical flow ; small flying robots can perform landing maneuvers using bio - inspired optical flow by maintaining a constant divergence . however , optical flow is typically estimated from frame sequences recorded by standard miniature cameras . this requires processing full images on - board , limiting the update rate of divergence measurements , and thus the speed of the control loop and the robot . event - based cameras overcome these limitations by only meas ←
→ unsure when to stop ? ask your semantic neighbors ; in iterative supervised learning algorithms it is common to reach a point in the search where no further induction seems to be possible with the available data . if the search is continued beyond this point , the risk of overfitting increases significantly . following the recent developments in inductive semantic stochastic methods , this paper studies the feasibility of using information gathered from the semantic neighborhood to decide when to stop the search ←
→ a benchmark for breast ultrasound image segmentation ( busis ) ; breast ultrasound ( bus ) image segmentation is challenging and critical for bus computer - aided diagnosis ( cad ) systems . many bus segmentation approaches have been proposed in the last two decades , but the performances of most approaches have been assessed using relatively small private datasets with differ - ent quantitative metrics , which result in discrepancy in performance comparison . therefore , there is a pressing need for building a benchmark ←
→ wisdom of crowds cluster ensemble ; the wisdom of crowds is a phenomenon described in social science that suggests four criteria applicable to groups of people . it is claimed that , if these criteria are satisfied , then the aggregate decisions made by a group will often be better than those of its individual members . inspired by this concept , we present a novel feedback framework for the cluster ensemble problem , which we call wisdom of crowds cluster ensemble ( wocce ). although many conventional cluster ense ←
→ predicting causes of reformulation in intelligent assistants ; intelligent assistants ( ias ) such as siri and cortana conversationally interact with users and execute a wide range of actions ( e . g ., searching the web , setting alarms , and chatting ). ias can support these actions through the combination of various components such as automatic speech recognition , natural language understanding , and language generation . however , the complexity of these components hinders developers from determining which componen ←
→ learning to rank scientific documents from the crowd ; finding related published articles is an important task in any science , but with the explosion of new work in the biomedical domain it has become especially challenging . most existing methodologies use text similarity metrics to identify whether two articles are related or not . however biomedical knowledge discovery is hypothesis - driven . the most related articles may not be ones with the highest text similarities . in this study , we first develop an inno ←
→ the ` face on mars ': a photographic approach for the search of signs of past civilizations from a macroscopic point of view , factoring long - term erosion in image reconstruction ; this short article presents an alternative view of high resolution imaging from various sources with the aim of the discovery of potential sites of archaeological importance , or sites that exhibit ` anomalies ' such that they may merit closer inspection and analysis . it is conjectured , and to a certain extent demonstrated here , th ←
→ centrality - constrained graph embedding ; visual rendering of graphs is a key task in the mapping of complex network data . although most graph drawing algorithms emphasize aesthetic appeal , certain applications such as travel - time maps place more importance on visualization of structural network properties . the present paper advocates a graph embedding approach with centrality considerations to comply with node hierarchy . the problem is formulated as one of constrained multi - dimensional scaling ( mds ), and it ←
→ video object segmentation using supervoxel - based gerrymandering ; pixels operate locally . superpixels have some potential to collect information across many pixels ; supervoxels have more potential by implicitly operating across time . in this paper , we explore this well established notion thoroughly analyzing how supervoxels can be used in place of and in conjunction with other means of aggregating information across space - time . focusing on the problem of strictly unsupervised video object segmentation , we d ←
→ minimal solvers for monocular rolling shutter compensation under ackermann motion ; modern automotive vehicles are often equipped with a budget commercial rolling shutter camera . these devices often produce distorted images due to the inter - row delay of the camera while capturing the image . recent methods for monocular rolling shutter motion compensation utilize blur kernel and the straightness property of line segments . however , these methods are limited to handling rotational motion and also are not fas ←
→ a theory of local learning , the learning channel , and the optimality of backpropagation ; in a physical neural system , where storage and processing are intimately intertwined , the rules for adjusting the synaptic weights can only depend on variables that are available locally , such as the activity of the pre - and post - synaptic neurons , resulting in local learning rules . a systematic framework for studying the space of local learning rules is obtained by first specifying the nature of the local variables , ←
→ pattern decomposition with complex combinatorial constraints : application to materials discovery ; identifying important components or factors in large amounts of noisy data is a key problem in machine learning and data mining . motivated by a pattern decomposition problem in materials discovery , aimed at discovering new materials for renewable energy , e . g . for fuel and solar cells , we introduce combifd , a framework for factor based pattern decomposition that allows the incorporation of a - priori knowledge ←
→ efficient and accurate gaussian image filtering using running sums ; this paper presents a simple and efficient method to convolve an image with a gaussian kernel . the computation is performed in a constant number of operations per pixel using running sums along the image rows and columns . we investigate the error function used for kernel approximation and its relation to the properties of the input signal . based on natural image statistics we propose a quadratic form kernel error function so that the outpu ←
→ a binary differential evolution algorithm learning from explored solutions ; although real - coded differential evolution ( de ) algorithms can perform well on continuous optimization problems ( coops ), it is still a challenging task to design an efficient binary - coded de algorithm . inspired by the learning mechanism of particle swarm optimization ( pso ) algorithms , we propose a binary learning differential evolution ( blde ) algorithm that can efficiently locate the global optimal solutions by learning from the ←
→ what is around the camera ? ; how much does a single image reveal about the environment it was taken in ? in this paper , we investigate how much of that information can be retrieved from a foreground object , combined with the background ( i . e . the visible part of the environment ). assuming it is not perfectly diffuse , the foreground object acts as a complexly shaped and far - from - perfect mirror . an additional challenge is that its appearance confounds the light coming from the environment with the unknown mater ←
→ on avoidance learning with partial observability ; we study a framework where agents have to avoid aversive signals . the agents are given only partial information , in the form of features that are projections of task states . additionally , the agents have to cope with non - determinism , defined as unpredictability on the way that actions are executed . the goal of each agent is to define its behavior based on feature - action pairs that reliably avoid aversive signals . we study a learning algorithm , called a - lear ←
→ motion planning of an autonomous mobile robot using artificial neural network ; the paper presents the electronic design and motion planning of a robot based on decision making regarding its straight motion and precise turn using artificial neural network ( ann ). the ann helps in learning of robot so that it performs motion autonomously . the weights calculated are implemented in microcontroller . the performance has been tested to be excellent .←
→ automatic wrapper adaptation by tree edit distance matching ; information distributed through the web keeps growing faster day by day , and for this reason , several techniques for extracting web data have been suggested during last years . often , extraction tasks are performed through so called wrappers , procedures extracting information from web pages , e . g . implementing logic - based techniques . many fields of application today require a strong degree of robustness of wrappers , in order not to compromise asset ←
→ learning semantic correspondences in technical documentation ; we consider the problem of translating high - level textual descriptions to formal representations in technical documentation as part of an effort to model the meaning of such documentation . we focus specifically on the problem of learning translational correspondences between text descriptions and grounded representations in the target documentation , such as formal representation of functions or code templates . our approach exploits the parallel ←
→ identification of protein coding regions in genomic dna using unsupervised fmaca based pattern classifier ; genes carry the instructions for making proteins that are found in a cell as a specific sequence of nucleotides that are found in dna molecules . but , the regions of these genes that code for proteins may occupy only a small region of the sequence . identifying the coding regions play a vital role in understanding these genes . in this paper we propose a unsupervised fuzzy multiple attractor cellular a ←
→ lpc ( id ): a sequent calculus proof system for propositional logic extended with inductive definitions ; the logic fo ( id ) uses ideas from the field of logic programming to extend first order logic with non - monotone inductive definitions . such logic formally extends logic programming , abductive logic programming and datalog , and thus formalizes the view on these formalisms as logics of ( generalized ) inductive definitions . the goal of this paper is to study a deductive inference method for pc ( id ), which is th ←
→ classification of questions and learning outcome statements ( los ) into blooms taxonomy ( bt ) by similarity measurements towards extracting of learning outcome from learning material ; blooms taxonomy ( bt ) have been used to classify the objectives of learning outcome by dividing the learning into three different domains ; the cognitive domain , the effective domain and the psychomotor domain . in this paper , we are introducing a new approach to classify the questions and learning outcome statements ( los ) int ←
→ multi - observation regression ; recent work introduced loss functions which measure the error of a prediction based on multiple simultaneous observations or outcomes . in this paper , we explore the theoretical and practical questions that arise when using such multi - observation losses for regression on data sets of $( x , y )$ pairs . when a loss depends on only one observation , the average empirical loss decomposes by applying the loss to each pair , but for the multi - observation case , empirical loss is not even w ←
→ testing apsyn against vector cosine on similarity estimation ; in distributional semantic models ( dsms ), vector cosine is widely used to estimate similarity between word vectors , although this measure was noticed to suffer from several shortcomings . the recent literature has proposed other methods which attempt to mitigate such biases . in this paper , we intend to investigate apsyn , a measure that computes the extent of the intersection between the most associated contexts of two target words , weighting it b ←
→ towards understanding triangle construction problems ; straightedge and compass construction problems are one of the oldest and most challenging problems in elementary mathematics . the central challenge , for a human or for a computer program , in solving construction problems is a huge search space . in this paper we analyze one family of triangle construction problems , aiming at detecting a small core of the underlying geometry knowledge . the analysis leads to a small set of needed definitions , lemmas and pr ←
→ exact and robust conformal inference methods for predictive machine learning with dependent data ; we extend conformal inference to general settings that allow for time series data . our proposal is developed as a randomization method and accounts for potential serial dependence by including block structures in the permutation scheme . as a result , the proposed method retains the exact , model - free validity when the data are i . i . d . or more generally exchangeable , similar to usual conformal inference methods .←
→ deep learning with nonparametric clustering ; clustering is an essential problem in machine learning and data mining . one vital factor that impacts clustering performance is how to learn or design the data representation ( or features ). fortunately , recent advances in deep learning can learn unsupervised features effectively , and have yielded state of the art performance in many classification problems , such as character recognition , object recognition and document categorization . however , little attention h ←
→ understanding the abstract dialectical framework ( preliminary report ) ; among the most general structures extending the framework by dung are the abstract dialectical frameworks ( adfs ). they come equipped with various types of semantics , with the most prominent - the labeling - based one - analyzed in the context of computational complexity , signatures , instantiations and software support . this makes the abstract dialectical frameworks valuable tools for argumentation . however , there are fewer results availab ←
→ multimodal sentiment analysis with word - level fusion and reinforcement learning ; with the increasing popularity of video sharing websites such as youtube and facebook , multimodal sentiment analysis has received increasing attention from the scientific community . contrary to previous works in multimodal sentiment analysis which focus on holistic information in speech segments such as bag of words representations and average facial expression intensity , we develop a novel deep architecture for multimodal s ←
→ dialogue system : a brief review ; a dialogue system is a system which interacts with human in natural language . at present many universities are developing the dialogue system in their regional language . this paper will discuss about dialogue system , its components , challenges and its evaluation . this paper helps the researchers for getting info regarding dialogues system .←
→ sonet network design problems ; this paper presents a new method and a constraint - based objective function to solve two problems related to the design of optical telecommunication networks , namely the synchronous optical network ring assignment problem ( srap ) and the intra - ring synchronous optical network design problem ( idp ). these network topology problems can be represented as a graph partitioning with capacity constraints as shown in previous works . we present here a new objective function and a new loc ←
→ whale swarm algorithm for function optimization ; increasing nature - inspired metaheuristic algorithms are applied to solving the real - world optimization problems , as they have some advantages over the classical methods of numerical optimization . this paper has proposed a new nature - inspired metaheuristic called whale swarm algorithm for function optimization , which is inspired by the whales behavior of communicating with each other via ultrasound for hunting . the proposed whale swarm algorithm has been comp ←
→ deep learning for tactile understanding from visual and haptic data ; robots which interact with the physical world will benefit from a fine - grained tactile understanding of objects and surfaces . additionally , for certain tasks , robots may need to know the haptic properties of an object before touching it . to enable better tactile understanding for robots , we propose a method of classifying surfaces with haptic adjectives ( e . g ., compressible or smooth ) from both visual and physical interaction data . humans ←
→ bio - inspired multi - layer spiking neural network extracts discriminative features from speech signals ; spiking neural networks ( snns ) enable power - efficient implementations due to their sparse , spike - based coding scheme . this paper develops a bio - inspired snn that uses unsupervised learning to extract discriminative features from speech signals , which can subsequently be used in a classifier . the architecture consists of a spiking convolutional / pooling layer followed by a fully connected spiking layer for ←
→ whatever does not kill deep reinforcement learning , makes it stronger ; recent developments have established the vulnerability of deep reinforcement learning ( rl ) to policy manipulation attacks via adversarial perturbations . in this paper , we investigate the robustness and resilience of deep rl to training - time and test - time attacks . through experimental results , we demonstrate that under noncontiguous training - time attacks , deep q - network ( dqn ) agents can recover and adapt to the adversarial conditions by ←
→ deep semi - supervised learning with linguistically motivated sequence labeling task hierarchies ; in this paper we present a novel neural network algorithm for conducting semi - supervised learning for sequence labeling tasks arranged in a linguistically motivated hierarchy . this relationship is exploited to regularise the representations of supervised tasks by backpropagating the error of the unsupervised task through the supervised tasks . we introduce a neural network where lower layers are supervised by j ←
→ learning structural weight uncertainty for sequential decision - making ; learning probability distributions on the weights of neural networks ( nns ) has recently proven beneficial in many applications . bayesian methods , such as stein variational gradient descent ( svgd ), offer an elegant framework to reason about nn model uncertainty . however , by assuming independent gaussian priors for the individual nn weights ( as often applied ), svgd does not impose prior knowledge that there is often structural information ←
→ we are humor beings : understanding and predicting visual humor ; humor is an integral part of human lives . despite being tremendously impactful , it is perhaps surprising that we do not have a detailed understanding of humor yet . as interactions between humans and ai systems increase , it is imperative that these systems are taught to understand subtleties of human expressions such as humor . in this work , we are interested in the question - what content in a scene causes it to be funny ? as a first step toward ←
→ understanding non - optical remote - sensed images : needs , challenges and ways forward ; non - optical remote - sensed images are going to be used more often in man - aging disaster , crime and precision agriculture . with more small satellites and unmanned air vehicles planning to carry radar and hyperspectral image sensors there is going to be an abundance of such data in the recent future . understanding these data in real - time will be crucial in attaining some of the important sustain - able development goals . pro ←
→ a broadcast news corpus for evaluation and tuning of german lvcsr systems ; transcription of broadcast news is an interesting and challenging application for large - vocabulary continuous speech recognition ( lvcsr ). we present in detail the structure of a manually segmented and annotated corpus including over 160 hours of german broadcast news , and propose it as an evaluation framework of lvcsr systems . we show our own experimental results on the corpus , achieved with a state - of - the - art lvcsr decoder , measu ←
→ proteus : a hierarchical portfolio of solvers and transformations ; in recent years , portfolio approaches to solving sat problems and csps have become increasingly common . there are also a number of different encodings for representing csps as sat instances . in this paper , we leverage advances in both sat and csp solving to present a novel hierarchical portfolio - based approach to csp solving , which we call proteus , that does not rely purely on csp solvers . instead , it may decide that it is best to encode a c ←
→ further optimal regret bounds for thompson sampling ; thompson sampling is one of the oldest heuristics for multi - armed bandit problems . it is a randomized algorithm based on bayesian ideas , and has recently generated significant interest after several studies demonstrated it to have better empirical performance compared to the state of the art methods . in this paper , we provide a novel regret analysis for thompson sampling that simultaneously proves both the optimal problem - dependent bound of $( 1 +\ epsilon )←
→ pixelwise instance segmentation with a dynamically instantiated network ; semantic segmentation and object detection research have recently achieved rapid progress . however , the former task has no notion of different instances of the same object , and the latter operates at a coarse , bounding - box level . we propose an instance segmentation system that produces a segmentation map where each pixel is assigned an object class and instance identity label . most approaches adapt object detectors to produce segments ←
→ cell tracking via proposal generation and selection ; microscopy imaging plays a vital role in understanding many biological processes in development and disease . the recent advances in automation of microscopes and development of methods and markers for live cell imaging has led to rapid growth in the amount of image data being captured . to efficiently and reliably extract useful insights from these captured sequences , automated cell tracking is essential . this is a challenging problem due to large variati ←
→ recurrent soft attention model for common object recognition ; we propose the recurrent soft attention model , which integrates the visual attention from the original image to a lstm memory cell through a down - sample network . the model recurrently transmits visual attention to the memory cells for glimpse mask generation , which is a more natural way for attention integration and exploitation in general object detection and recognition problem . we test our model under the metric of the top - 1 accuracy on the c ←
→ relax but stay in control : from value to algorithms for online markov decision processes ; online learning algorithms are designed to perform in non - stationary environments , but generally there is no notion of a dynamic state to model constraints on current and future actions as a function of past actions . state - based models are common in stochastic control settings , but commonly used frameworks such as markov decision processes ( mdps ) assume a known stationary environment . in recent years , there has been ←
→ short communication on quist : a quick clustering algorithm ; in this short communication we introduce the quick clustering algorithm ( quist ), an efficient hierarchical clustering algorithm based on sorting . quist is a poly - logarithmic divisive clustering algorithm that does not assume the number of clusters , and / or the cluster size to be known ahead of time . it is also insensitive to the original ordering of the input .←
→ query answering over contextualized rdf / owl knowledge with forall - existential bridge rules : attaining decidability using acyclicity ( full version ) ; the recent outburst of context - dependent knowledge on the semantic web ( sw ) has led to the realization of the importance of the quads in the sw community . quads , which extend a standard rdf triple , by adding a new parameter of the ` context ' of an rdf triple , thus informs a reasoner to distinguish between the knowledge in various contexts . although this dist ←
→ the initial conditions of the universe from constrained simulations ; i present a new approach to recover the primordial density fluctuations and the cosmic web structure underlying a galaxy distribution . the method is based on sampling gaussian fields which are compatible with a galaxy distribution and a structure formation model . this is achieved by splitting the inversion problem into two gibbs - sampling steps : the first being a gaussianisation step transforming a distribution of point sources at lagrangi ←
→ dual teaching : a practical semi - supervised wrapper method ; semi - supervised wrapper methods are concerned with building effective supervised classifiers from partially labeled data . though previous works have succeeded in some fields , it is still difficult to apply semi - supervised wrapper methods to practice because the assumptions those methods rely on tend to be unrealistic in practice . for practical use , this paper proposes a novel semi - supervised wrapper method , dual teaching , whose assumptions are easy ←
→ improvements of the 3d images captured with time - of - flight cameras ; 3d time - of - flight camera ' s images are affected by errors due to the diffuse ( indirect ) light and to the flare light . the presented method improves the 3d image reducing the distance ' s errors to dark surface objects . this is achieved by placing one or two contrast tags in the scene at different distances from the tof camera . the white and black parts of the tags are situated at the same distance to the camera but the distances measured by t ←
→ a realistic dataset for the smart home device scheduling problem for dcops ; the field of distributed constraint optimization has gained momentum in recent years thanks to its ability to address various applications related to multi - agent cooperation . while techniques to solve distributed constraint optimization problems ( dcops ) are abundant and have matured substantially since the field inception , the number of dcop realistic applications and benchmark used to asses the performance of dcop algorithms is ←
→ multilingual adaptation of rnn based asr systems ; in this work , we focus on multilingual systems based on recurrent neural networks ( rnns ), trained using the connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ) loss function . using a multilingual set of acoustic units poses difficulties . to address this issue , we proposed language feature vectors ( lfvs ) to train language adaptive multilingual systems . language adaptation , in contrast to speaker adaptation , needs to be applied not only on the feature level , but also ←
→ image block loss restoration using sparsity pattern as side information ; in this paper , we propose a method for image block loss restoration based on the notion of sparse representation . we use the sparsity pattern as side information to efficiently restore block losses by iteratively imposing the constraints of spatial and transform domains on the corrupted image . two novel features , including a pre - interpolation and a criterion for stopping the iterations , are proposed to improve the performance . also , t ←
→ deep gradient compression : reducing the communication bandwidth for distributed training ; large - scale distributed training requires significant communication bandwidth for gradient exchange that limits the scalability of multi - node training , and requires expensive high - bandwidth network infrastructure . the situation gets even worse with distributed training on mobile devices ( federated learning ), which suffers from higher latency , lower throughput , and intermittent poor connections . in this paper , we fin ←
→ facial descriptors for human interaction recognition in still images ; this paper presents a novel approach in a rarely studied area of computer vision : human interaction recognition in still images . we explore whether the facial regions and their spatial configurations contribute to the recognition of interactions . in this respect , our method involves extraction of several visual features from the facial regions , as well as incorporation of scene characteristics and deep features to the recognition . extrac ←
→ deep architectures for learning context - dependent ranking functions ; object ranking is an important problem in the realm of preference learning . on the basis of training data in the form of a set of rankings of objects , which are typically represented as feature vectors , the goal is to learn a ranking function that predicts a linear order of any new set of objects . current approaches commonly focus on ranking by scoring , i . e ., on learning an underlying latent utility function that seeks to capture the inhe ←
→ an algorithmic solution to the five - point pose problem based on the cayley representation of rotations ; we give a new algorithmic solution to the well - known five - point relative pose problem . our approach does not deal with the famous cubic constraint on an essential matrix . instead , we use the cayley representation of rotations in order to obtain a polynomial system from epipolar constraints . solving that system , we directly get relative rotation and translation parameters of the cameras in terms of root ←
→ the development of an information criterion for change - point analysis ; change - point analysis is a flexible and computationally tractable tool for the analysis of times series data from systems that transition between discrete states and whose observables are corrupted by noise . the change - point algorithm is used to identify the time indices ( change points ) at which the system transitions between these discrete states . we present a unified information - based approach to testing for the existence of change po ←
→ feature selection for classification of hyperspectral data by minimizing a tight bound on the vc dimension ; hyperspectral data consists of large number of features which require sophisticated analysis to be extracted . a popular approach to reduce computational cost , facilitate information representation and accelerate knowledge discovery is to eliminate bands that do not improve the classification and analysis methods being applied . in particular , algorithms that perform band elimination should be design ←
→ model - agnostic interpretability of machine learning ; understanding why machine learning models behave the way they do empowers both system designers and end - users in many ways : in model selection , feature engineering , in order to trust and act upon the predictions , and in more intuitive user interfaces . thus , interpretability has become a vital concern in machine learning , and work in the area of interpretable models has found renewed interest . in some applications , such models are as accurate as non - inter ←
→ transitive hashing network for heterogeneous multimedia retrieval ; hashing has been widely applied to large - scale multimedia retrieval due to the storage and retrieval efficiency . cross - modal hashing enables efficient retrieval from database of one modality in response to a query of another modality . existing work on cross - modal hashing assumes heterogeneous relationship across modalities for hash function learning . in this paper , we relax the strong assumption by only requiring such heterogeneous relation ←
→ reproducing kernel banach spaces with the l1 norm ii : error analysis for regularized least square regression ; a typical approach in estimating the learning rate of a regularized learning scheme is to bound the approximation error by the sum of the sampling error , the hypothesis error and the regularization error . using a reproducing kernel space that satisfies the linear representer theorem brings the advantage of discarding the hypothesis error from the sum automatically . following this direction , we il ←
→ pixel - level matching for video object segmentation using convolutional neural networks ; we propose a novel video object segmentation algorithm based on pixel - level matching using convolutional neural networks ( cnn ). our network aims to distinguish the target area from the background on the basis of the pixel - level similarity between two object units . the proposed network represents a target object using features from different depth layers in order to take advantage of both the spatial details and the ca ←
→ analysis of dropout in online learning ; deep learning is the state - of - the - art in fields such as visual object recognition and speech recognition . this learning uses a large number of layers and a huge number of units and connections . therefore , overfitting is a serious problem with it , and the dropout which is a kind of regularization tool is used . however , in online learning , the effect of dropout is not well known . this paper presents our investigation on the effect of dropout in online learning . we anal ←
→ latent attention for if - then program synthesis ; automatic translation from natural language descriptions into programs is a longstanding challenging problem . in this work , we consider a simple yet important sub - problem : translation from textual descriptions to if - then programs . we devise a novel neural network architecture for this task which we train end - to - end . specifically , we introduce latent attention , which computes multiplicative weights for the words in the description in a two - stage process with t ←
→ connectivity learning in multi - branch networks ; while much of the work in the design of convolutional networks over the last five years has revolved around the empirical investigation of the importance of depth , filter sizes , and number of feature channels , recent studies have shown that branching , i . e ., splitting the computation along parallel but distinct threads and then aggregating their outputs , represents a new promising dimension for significant improvements in performance . to combat the complexity ←
→ variable computation in recurrent neural networks ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) have been used extensively and with increasing success to model various types of sequential data . much of this progress has been achieved through devising recurrent units and architectures with the flexibility to capture complex statistics in the data , such as long range dependency or localized attention phenomena . however , while many sequential data ( such as video , speech or language ) can have highly variable information f ←
→ lstm - based encoder - decoder for multi - sensor anomaly detection ; mechanical devices such as engines , vehicles , aircrafts , etc ., are typically instrumented with numerous sensors to capture the behavior and health of the machine . however , there are often external factors or variables which are not captured by sensors leading to time - series which are inherently unpredictable . for instance , manual controls and / or unmonitored environmental conditions or load may lead to inherently unpredictable time - series . detec ←
→ building a semantic role labelling system for vietnamese ; semantic role labelling ( srl ) is a task in natural language processing which detects and classifies the semantic arguments associated with the predicates of a sentence . it is an important step towards understanding the meaning of a natural language . there exists srl systems for well - studied languages like english , chinese or japanese but there is not any such system for the vietnamese language . in this paper , we present the first srl system for viet ←
→ on the relation between two rotation metrics ; in their work " global optimization through rotation space search ", richard hartley and fredrik kahl introduce a global optimization strategy for problems in geometric computer vision , based on rotation space search using a branch - and - bound algorithm . in its core , lemma 2 of their publication is the important foundation for a class of global optimization algorithms , which is adopted over a wide range of problems in subsequent publications . this lemma relates a m ←
→ exponentially fast parameter estimation in networks using distributed dual averaging ; in this paper we present an optimization - based view of distributed parameter estimation and observational social learning in networks . agents receive a sequence of random , independent and identically distributed ( i . i . d .) signals , each of which individually may not be informative about the underlying true state , but the signals together are globally informative enough to make the true state identifiable . using an optimiz ←
→ learning wasserstein embeddings ; the wasserstein distance received a lot of attention recently in the community of machine learning , especially for its principled way of comparing distributions . it has found numerous applications in several hard problems , such as domain adaptation , dimensionality reduction or generative models . however , its use is still limited by a heavy computational cost . our goal is to alleviate this problem by providing an approximation mechanism that allows to break its inherent comp ←
→ learning deep representations for word spotting under weak supervision ; convolutional neural networks have made their mark in various fields of computer vision in recent years . they have achieved state - of - the - art performance in the field of document analysis as well . however , cnns require a large amount of annotated training data and , hence , great manual effort . in our approach , we introduce a method to drastically reduce the manual annotation effort while retaining the high performance of a cnn for word s ←
→ divide - and - conquer method for l1 norm matrix factorization in the presence of outliers and missing data ; the low - rank matrix factorization as a l1 norm minimization problem has recently attracted much attention due to its intrinsic robustness to the presence of outliers and missing data . in this paper , we propose a new method , called the divide - and - conquer method , for solving this problem . the main idea is to break the original problem into a series of smallest possible sub - problems , each involving only ←
→ an empirical evaluation of a randomized algorithm for probabilistic inference ; in recent years , researchers in decision analysis and artificial intelligence ( al ) have used bayesian belief networks to build models of expert opinion . using standard methods drawn from the theory of computational complexity , workers in the field have shown that the problem of probabilistic inference in belief networks is difficult and almost certainly intractable . k n et , a software environment for constructing knowledge - bas ←
→ mining top - k approximate frequent patterns ; frequent pattern ( itemset ) mining in transactional databases is one of the most well - studied problems in data mining . one obstacle that limits the practical usage of frequent pattern mining is the extremely large number of patterns generated . such a large size of the output collection makes it difficult for users to understand and use in practice . even restricting the output to the border of the frequent itemset collection does not help much in alleviating the pr ←
→ belief - propagation algorithm and the ising model on networks with arbitrary distributions of motifs ; we generalize the belief - propagation algorithm to sparse random networks with arbitrary distributions of motifs ( triangles , loops , etc .). each vertex in these networks belongs to a given set of motifs ( generalization of the configuration model ). these networks can be treated as sparse uncorrelated hypergraphs in which hyperedges represent motifs . here a hypergraph is a generalization of a graph , where a h ←
→ listening while speaking : speech chain by deep learning ; despite the close relationship between speech perception and production , research in automatic speech recognition ( asr ) and text - to - speech synthesis ( tts ) has progressed more or less independently without exerting much mutual influence on each other . in human communication , on the other hand , a closed - loop speech chain mechanism with auditory feedback from the speaker ' s mouth to her ear is crucial . in this paper , we take a step further and develop a ←
→ towards automatic learning of heuristics for mechanical transformations of procedural code ; the current trends in next - generation exascale systems go towards integrating a wide range of specialized ( co -) processors into traditional supercomputers . due to the efficiency of heterogeneous systems in terms of watts and flops per surface unit , opening the access of heterogeneous platforms to a wider range of users is an important problem to be tackled . however , heterogeneous platforms limit the portability of ←
→ example selection for dictionary learning ; in unsupervised learning , an unbiased uniform sampling strategy is typically used , in order that the learned features faithfully encode the statistical structure of the training data . in this work , we explore whether active example selection strategies - algorithms that select which examples to use , based on the current estimate of the features - can accelerate learning . specifically , we investigate effects of heuristic and saliency - inspired selection algorithms o ←
→ equitability of dependence measure ; a measure of dependence is said to be equitable if it gives similar scores to equally noisy relationship of different types . in practice , we do not know what kind of functional relationship is underlying two given observations , hence the equitability of dependence measure is critical in analysis and by scoring relationships according to an equitable measure one hopes to find important patterns of any type of further examination . in this paper , we introduce our definition ←
→ a two - level classification approach for detecting clickbait posts using text - based features ; the emergence of social media as news sources has led to the rise of clickbait posts attempting to attract users to click on article links without informing them on the actual article content . this paper presents our efforts to create a clickbait detector inspired by fake news detection algorithms , and our submission to the clickbait challenge 2017 . the detector is based almost exclusively on text - based features ←
→ sat as a game ; we propose a funny representation of sat . while the primary interest is to present propositional satisfiability in a playful way for pedagogical purposes , it could also inspire new search heuristics .←
→ salient region detection with convex hull overlap ; in this paper , we establish a novel bottom - up cue named convex hull overlap ( cho ), and then propose an effective approach to detect salient regions using the combination of the cho cue and global contrast cue . our scheme significantly differs from other earlier work in : 1 ) the hierarchical segmentation model based on normalized graph - cut fits the splitting and merging processes in human visual perception ; 2 ) previous work only focuses on color and texture ←
→ texts in , meaning out : neural language models in semantic similarity task for russian ; distributed vector representations for natural language vocabulary get a lot of attention in contemporary computational linguistics . this paper summarizes the experience of applying neural network language models to the task of calculating semantic similarity for russian . the experiments were performed in the course of russian semantic similarity evaluation track , where our models took from the 2nd to the 5th position ,←
→ large - scale music annotation and retrieval : learning to rank in joint semantic spaces ; music prediction tasks range from predicting tags given a song or clip of audio , predicting the name of the artist , or predicting related songs given a song , clip , artist name or tag . that is , we are interested in every semantic relationship between the different musical concepts in our database . in realistically sized databases , the number of songs is measured in the hundreds of thousands or more , and the number of ar ←
→ comic : good features for detection and matching at object boundaries ; feature or interest points typically use information aggregation in 2d patches which does not remain stable at object boundaries when there is object motion against a significantly varying background . level or iso - intensity curves are much more stable under such conditions , especially the longer ones . in this paper , we identify stable portions on long iso - curves and detect corners on them . further , the iso - curve associated with a corner ←
→ face identification and clustering ; in this thesis , we study two problems based on clustering algorithms . in the first problem , we study the role of visual attributes using an agglomerative clustering algorithm to whittle down the search area where the number of classes is high to improve the performance of clustering . we observe that as we add more attributes , the clustering performance increases overall . in the second problem , we study the role of clustering in aggregating templates in a 1 : n open set pro ←
→ distributed heuristic forward search for multi - agent systems ; this paper describes a number of distributed forward search algorithms for solving multi - agent planning problems . we introduce a distributed formulation of non - optimal forward search , as well as an optimal version , mad - a *. our algorithms exploit the structure of multi - agent problems to not only distribute the work efficiently among different agents , but also to remove symmetries and reduce the overall workload . the algorithms ensure that private ←
→ batched large - scale bayesian optimization in high - dimensional spaces ; bayesian optimization ( bo ) has become an effective approach for black - box function optimization problems when function evaluations are expensive and the optimum can be achieved within a relatively small number of queries . however , many cases , such as the ones with high - dimensional inputs , may require a much larger number of observations for optimization . despite an abundance of observations thanks to parallel experiments , current bo tech ←
→ indoor localization using visible light via fusion of multiple classifiers ; a multiple classifiers fusion localization technique using received signal strengths ( rsss ) of visible light is proposed , in which the proposed system transmits different intensity modulated sinusoidal signals by leds and the signals received by a photo diode ( pd ) placed at various grid points . first , we obtain some {\ emph { approximate }} received signal strengths ( rsss ) fingerprints by capturing the peaks of power spectral density ←
→ like what you like : knowledge distill via neuron selectivity transfer ; despite deep neural networks have demonstrated extraordinary power in various applications , their superior performances are at expense of high storage and computational costs . consequently , the acceleration and compression of neural networks have attracted much attention recently . knowledge transfer ( kt ), which aims at training a smaller student network by transferring knowledge from a larger teacher model , is one of the popular solutio ←
→ separating self - expression and visual content in hashtag supervision ; the variety , abundance , and structured nature of hashtags make them an interesting data source for training vision models . for instance , hashtags have the potential to significantly reduce the problem of manual supervision and annotation when learning vision models for a large number of concepts . however , a key challenge when learning from hashtags is that they are inherently subjective because they are provided by users as a form of sel ←
→ fast k - nearest neighbour search via prioritized dci ; most exact methods for k - nearest neighbour search suffer from the curse of dimensionality ; that is , their query times exhibit exponential dependence on either the ambient or the intrinsic dimensionality . dynamic continuous indexing ( dci ) offers a promising way of circumventing the curse and successfully reduces the dependence of query time on intrinsic dimensionality from exponential to sublinear . in this paper , we propose a variant of dci , which we call ←
→ toward smart power grids : communication network design for power grids synchronization ; in smart power grids , keeping the synchronicity of generators and the corresponding controls is of great importance . to do so , a simple model is employed in terms of swing equation to represent the interactions among dynamics of generators and feedback control . in case of having a communication network available , the control can be done based on the transmitted measurements by the communication network . the stability ←
→ learning from what you don ' t observe ; the process of diagnosis involves learning about the state of a system from various observations of symptoms or findings about the system . sophisticated bayesian ( and other ) algorithms have been developed to revise and maintain beliefs about the system as observations are made . nonetheless , diagnostic models have tended to ignore some common sense reasoning exploited by human diagnosticians ; in particular , one can learn from which observations have not been made , in th ←
→ text - independent speaker verification using 3d convolutional neural networks ; in this paper , a novel method using 3d convolutional neural network ( 3d - cnn ) architecture has been proposed for speaker verification in the text - independent setting . at the development phase , a cnn is trained to classify speakers at the utterance - level . in the enrollment stage , the trained network is utilized to directly create a speaker model for each speaker based on the extracted features . finally , in the evaluation phase , t ←
→ vicinity - driven paragraph and sentence alignment for comparable corpora ; parallel corpora have driven great progress in the field of text simplification . however , most sentence alignment algorithms either offer a limited range of alignment types supported , or simply ignore valuable clues present in comparable documents . we address this problem by introducing a new set of flexible vicinity - driven paragraph and sentence alignment algorithms that 1 - n , n - 1 , n - n and long distance null alignments without the nee ←
→ predicting online video engagement using clickstreams ; in the nascent days of e - content delivery , having a superior product was enough to give companies an edge against the competition . with today ' s fiercely competitive market , one needs to be multiple steps ahead , especially when it comes to understanding consumers . focusing on a large set of web portals owned and managed by a private communications company , we propose methods by which these sites ' clickstream data can be used to provide a deep understand ←
→ on inductive abilities of latent factor models for relational learning ; latent factor models are increasingly popular for modeling multi - relational knowledge graphs . by their vectorial nature , it is not only hard to interpret why this class of models works so well , but also to understand where they fail and how they might be improved . we conduct an experimental survey of state - of - the - art models , not towards a purely comparative end , but as a means to get insight about their inductive abilities . to assess t ←
→ hubs in languages : scale free networks of synonyms ; natural languages are described in this paper in terms of networks of synonyms : a word is identified with a node , and synonyms are connected by undirected links . our statistical analysis of the network of synonyms in polish language showed it is scale - free ; similar to what is known for english . the statistical properties of the networks are also similar . thus , the statistical aspects of the networks are good candidates for culture independent elements of ←
→ graphical lasso and thresholding : equivalence and closed - form solutions ; graphical lasso ( gl ) is a popular method for learning the structure of an undirected graphical model , which is based on an $ l_1 $ regularization technique . the first goal of this work is to study the behavior of the optimal solution of gl as a function of its regularization coefficient . we show that if the number of samples is not too small compared to the number of parameters , the sparsity pattern of the optimal solution of gl changes ←
→ on reducing sampling variance in covariate shift using control variates ; covariate shift classification problems can in principle be tackled by importance - weighting training samples . however , the sampling variance of the risk estimator is often scaled up dramatically by the weights . this means that during cross - validation - when the importance - weighted risk is repeatedly evaluated - suboptimal hyperparameter estimates are produced . we study the sampling variances of the importance - weighted versus the oracl ←
→ structured learning of metric ensembles with application to person re - identification ; matching individuals across non - overlapping camera networks , known as person re - identification , is a fundamentally challenging problem due to the large visual appearance changes caused by variations of viewpoints , lighting , and occlusion . approaches in literature can be categoried into two streams : the first stream is to develop reliable features against realistic conditions by combining several visual features in a pre ←
→ a genetic algorithm to optimize a tweet for retweetability ; twitter is a popular microblogging platform . when users send out messages , other users have the ability to forward these messages to their own subgraph . most research focuses on increasing retweetability from a node ' s perspective . here , we center on improving message style to increase the chance of a message being forwarded . to this end , we simulate an artificial twitter - like network with nodes deciding deterministically on retweeting a message or ←
→ optimal query complexity for reconstructing hypergraphs ; in this paper we consider the problem of reconstructing a hidden weighted hypergraph of constant rank using additive queries . we prove the following : let $ g $ be a weighted hidden hypergraph of constant rank with n vertices and $ m $ hyperedges . for any $ m $ there exists a non - adaptive algorithm that finds the edges of the graph and their weights using $$ o (\ frac { m \ log n }{\ log m }) $$ additive queries . this solves the open problem in [ s . choi , j . h . kim . ←
→ risk bounds for infinitely divisible distribution ; in this paper , we study the risk bounds for samples independently drawn from an infinitely divisible ( id ) distribution . in particular , based on a martingale method , we develop two deviation inequalities for a sequence of random variables of an id distribution with zero gaussian component . by applying the deviation inequalities , we obtain the risk bounds based on the covering number for the id distribution . finally , we analyze the asymptotic convergence of ←
→ supporting interoperability of collaborative networks through engineering of a service - based mediation information system ( mise 2 . 0 ) ; the mediation information system engineering project is currently finishing its second iteration ( mise 2 . 0 ). the main objective of this scientific project is to provide any emerging collaborative situation with methods and tools to deploy a mediation information system ( mis ). mise 2 . 0 aims at defining and designing a service - based platform , dedicated to initiating and supp ←
→ networks of influence diagrams : a formalism for representing agents ' beliefs and decision - making processes ; this paper presents networks of influence diagrams ( nid ), a compact , natural and highly expressive language for reasoning about agents beliefs and decision - making processes . nids are graphical structures in which agents mental models are represented as nodes in a network ; a mental model for an agent may itself use descriptions of the mental models of other agents . nids are demonstrated by examples ,←
→ an efficient training algorithm for kernel survival support vector machines ; survival analysis is a fundamental tool in medical research to identify predictors of adverse events and develop systems for clinical decision support . in order to leverage large amounts of patient data , efficient optimisation routines are paramount . we propose an efficient training algorithm for the kernel survival support vector machine ( ssvm ). we directly optimise the primal objective function and employ truncated newton opti ←
→ generating optimal plans in highly - dynamic domains ; generating optimal plans in highly dynamic environments is challenging . plans are predicated on an assumed initial state , but this state can change unexpectedly during plan generation , potentially invalidating the planning effort . in this paper we make three contributions : ( 1 ) we propose a novel algorithm for generating optimal plans in settings where frequent , unexpected events interfere with planning . it is able to quickly distinguish relevant from irre ←
→ learning a natural language interface with neural programmer ; learning a natural language interface for database tables is a challenging task that involves deep language understanding and multi - step reasoning . the task is often approached by mapping natural language queries to logical forms or programs that provide the desired response when executed on the database . to our knowledge , this paper presents the first weakly supervised , end - to - end neural network model to induce such programs on a real - world dat ←
→ hats : histograms of averaged time surfaces for robust event - based object classification ; event - based cameras have recently drawn the attention of the computer vision community thanks to their advantages in terms of high temporal resolution , low power consumption and high dynamic range , compared to traditional frame - based cameras . these properties make event - based cameras an ideal choice for autonomous vehicles , robot navigation or uav vision , among others . however , the accuracy of event - based object clas ←
→ towards empathetic human - robot interactions ; since the late 1990s when speech companies began providing their customer - service software in the market , people have gotten used to speaking to machines . as people interact more often with voice and gesture controlled machines , they expect the machines to recognize different emotions , and understand other high level communication features such as humor , sarcasm and intention . in order to make such communication possible , the machines need an empathy module in t ←
→ a feature - driven active framework for ultrasound - based brain shift compensation ; a reliable ultrasound ( us )- to - us registration method to compensate for brain shift would substantially improve image - guided neurological surgery . developing such a registration method is very challenging , due to factors such as missing correspondence in images , the complexity of brain pathology and the demand for fast computation . we propose a novel feature - driven active framework . here , landmarks and their displacement are ←
→ convolutional neural networks for medical diagnosis from admission notes ; $\ textbf { objective }$ develop an automatic diagnostic system which only uses textual admission information from electronic health records ( ehrs ) and assist clinicians with a timely and statistically proved decision tool . the hope is that the tool can be used to reduce mis - diagnosis . $\ textbf { materials and methods }$ we use the real - world clinical notes from mimic - iii , a freely available dataset consisting of clinical data of more tha ←
→ shirtless and dangerous : quantifying linguistic signals of gender bias in an online fiction writing community ; imagine a princess asleep in a castle , waiting for her prince to slay the dragon and rescue her . tales like the famous sleeping beauty clearly divide up gender roles . but what about more modern stories , borne of a generation increasingly aware of social constructs like sexism and racism ? do these stories tend to reinforce gender stereotypes , or counter them ? in this paper , we present a technique ←
→ learning feature pyramids for human pose estimation ; articulated human pose estimation is a fundamental yet challenging task in computer vision . the difficulty is particularly pronounced in scale variations of human body parts when camera view changes or severe foreshortening happens . although pyramid methods are widely used to handle scale changes at inference time , learning feature pyramids in deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ) is still not well explored . in this work , we design a pyramid residua ←
→ an efficient post - selection inference on high - order interaction models ; finding statistically significant high - order interaction features in predictive modeling is important but challenging task . the difficulty lies in the fact that , for a recent applications with high - dimensional covariates , the number of possible high - order interaction features would be extremely large . identifying statistically significant features from such a huge pool of candidates would be highly challenging both in computational and ←
→ non - parametric bayesian modeling of complex networks ; modeling structure in complex networks using bayesian non - parametrics makes it possible to specify flexible model structures and infer the adequate model complexity from the observed data . this paper provides a gentle introduction to non - parametric bayesian modeling of complex networks : using an infinite mixture model as running example we go through the steps of deriving the model as an infinite limit of a finite parametric model , inferring the model p ←
→ ant colony optimization and hypergraph covering problems ; ant colony optimization ( aco ) is a very popular metaheuristic for solving computationally hard combinatorial optimization problems . runtime analysis of aco with respect to various pseudo - boolean functions and different graph based combinatorial optimization problems has been taken up in recent years . in this paper , we investigate the runtime behavior of an mmas *( max - min ant system ) aco algorithm on some well known hypergraph covering problems that a ←
→ a new training algorithm for kanerva ' s sparse distributed memory ; the sparse distributed memory proposed by pentii kanerva ( sdm in short ) was thought to be a model of human long term memory . the architecture of the sdm permits to store binary patterns and to retrieve them using partially matching patterns . however kanerva ' s model is especially efficient only in handling random data . the purpose of this article is to introduce a new approach of training kanerva ' s sdm that can handle efficiently non - random d ←
→ predicting brain age with deep learning from raw imaging data results in a reliable and heritable biomarker ; machine learning analysis of neuroimaging data can accurately predict chronological age in healthy people and deviations from healthy brain ageing have been associated with cognitive impairment and disease . here we sought to further establish the credentials of " brain - predicted age " as a biomarker of individual differences in the brain ageing process , using a predictive modelling approach based on ←
→ inspiring computer vision system solutions ; the " digital michelangelo project " was a seminal computer vision project in the early 2000 ' s that pushed the capabilities of acquisition systems and involved multiple people from diverse fields , many of whom are now leaders in industry and academia . reviewing this project with modern eyes provides us with the opportunity to reflect on several issues , relevant now as then to the field of computer vision and research in general , that go beyond the technical aspects ←
→ answer sets for logic programs with arbitrary abstract constraint atoms ; in this paper , we present two alternative approaches to defining answer sets for logic programs with arbitrary types of abstract constraint atoms ( c - atoms ). these approaches generalize the fixpoint - based and the level mapping based answer set semantics of normal logic programs to the case of logic programs with arbitrary types of c - atoms . the results are four different answer set definitions which are equivalent when applied to normal ←
→ combining language and vision with a multimodal skip - gram model ; we extend the skip - gram model of mikolov et al . ( 2013a ) by taking visual information into account . like skip - gram , our multimodal models ( mmskip - gram ) build vector - based word representations by learning to predict linguistic contexts in text corpora . however , for a restricted set of words , the models are also exposed to visual representations of the objects they denote ( extracted from natural images ), and must predict linguistic and visual fe ←
→ on the effective use of pretraining for natural language inference ; neural networks have excelled at many nlp tasks , but there remain open questions about the performance of pretrained distributed word representations and their interaction with weight initialization and other hyperparameters . we address these questions empirically using attention - based sequence - to - sequence models for natural language inference ( nli ). specifically , we compare three types of embeddings : random , pretrained ( glove , word2vec ), ←
→ full - network embedding in a multimodal embedding pipeline ; the current state - of - the - art for image annotation and image retrieval tasks is obtained through deep neural networks , which combine an image representation and a text representation into a shared embedding space . in this paper we evaluate the impact of using the full - network embedding in this setting , replacing the original image representation in a competitive multimodal embedding generation scheme . unlike the one - layer image embeddings typically ←
→ barnes - hut - sne ; the paper presents an o ( n log n )- implementation of t - sne -- an embedding technique that is commonly used for the visualization of high - dimensional data in scatter plots and that normally runs in o ( n ^ 2 ). the new implementation uses vantage - point trees to compute sparse pairwise similarities between the input data objects , and it uses a variant of the barnes - hut algorithm - an algorithm used by astronomers to perform n - body simulations - to approximate the forces between the corresponding poi ←
→ dynamic edge - conditioned filters in convolutional neural networks on graphs ; a number of problems can be formulated as prediction on graph - structured data . in this work , we generalize the convolution operator from regular grids to arbitrary graphs while avoiding the spectral domain , which allows us to handle graphs of varying size and connectivity . to move beyond a simple diffusion , filter weights are conditioned on the specific edge labels in the neighborhood of a vertex . together with the proper choice ←
→ stochastic rank aggregation ; this paper addresses the problem of rank aggregation , which aims to find a consensus ranking among multiple ranking inputs . traditional rank aggregation methods are deterministic , and can be categorized into explicit and implicit methods depending on whether rank information is explicitly or implicitly utilized . surprisingly , experimental results on real data sets show that explicit rank aggregation methods would not work as well as implicit methods , although rank information i ←
→ pac - bayesian generalization bound on confusion matrix for multi - class classification ; in this work , we propose a pac - bayes bound for the generalization risk of the gibbs classifier in the multi - class classification framework . the novelty of our work is the critical use of the confusion matrix of a classifier as an error measure ; this puts our contribution in the line of work aiming at dealing with performance measure that are richer than mere scalar criterion such as the misclassification rate . thanks to ←
→ combinatorial structure of the deterministic seriation method with multiple subset solutions ; seriation methods order a set of descriptions given some criterion ( e . g ., unimodality or minimum distance between similarity scores ). seriation is thus inherently a problem of finding the optimal solution among a set of permutations of objects . in this short technical note , we review the combinatorial structure of the classical seriation problem , which seeks a single solution out of a set of objects . we then ext ←
→ provable methods for training neural networks with sparse connectivity ; we provide novel guaranteed approaches for training feedforward neural networks with sparse connectivity . we leverage on the techniques developed previously for learning linear networks and show that they can also be effectively adopted to learn non - linear networks . we operate on the moments involving label and the score function of the input , and show that their factorization provably yields the weight matrix of the first layer of a d ←
→ maximum likelihood estimation based on random subspace eda : application to extrasolar planet detection ; this paper addresses maximum likelihood ( ml ) estimation based model fitting in the context of extrasolar planet detection . this problem is featured by the following properties : 1 ) the candidate models under consideration are highly nonlinear ; 2 ) the likelihood surface has a huge number of peaks ; 3 ) the parameter space ranges in size from a few to dozens of dimensions . these properties make the ml searc ←
→ deep co - training for semi - supervised image recognition ; in this paper , we study the problem of semi - supervised image recognition , which is to learn classifiers using both labeled and unlabeled images . we present deep co - training , a deep learning based method inspired by the co - training framework . the original co - training learns two classifiers on two views which are data from different sources that describe the same instances . to extend this concept to deep learning , deep co - training trains multiple deep n ←
→ on the feasibility of generic deep disaggregation for single - load extraction ; recently , and with the growing development of big energy datasets , data - driven learning techniques began to represent a potential solution to the energy disaggregation problem outperforming engineered and hand - crafted models . however , most proposed deep disaggregation models are load - dependent in the sense that either expert knowledge or a hyper - parameter optimization stage is required prior to training and deployment ( normally ←
→ visual summary of egocentric photostreams by representative keyframes ; building a visual summary from an egocentric photostream captured by a lifelogging wearable camera is of high interest for different applications ( e . g . memory reinforcement ). in this paper , we propose a new summarization method based on keyframes selection that uses visual features extracted by means of a convolutional neural network . our method applies an unsupervised clustering for dividing the photostreams into events , and finally ex ←
→ visualization of features of a series of measurements with one - dimensional cellular structure ; this paper describes the method of visualization of periodic constituents and instability areas in series of measurements , being based on the algorithm of smoothing out and concept of one - dimensional cellular automata . a method can be used at the analysis of temporal series , related to the volumes of thematic publications in web - space .←
→ end - to - end phoneme sequence recognition using convolutional neural networks ; most phoneme recognition state - of - the - art systems rely on a classical neural network classifiers , fed with highly tuned features , such as mfcc or plp features . recent advances in `` deep learning '' approaches questioned such systems , but while some attempts were made with simpler features such as spectrograms , state - of - the - art systems still rely on mfccs . this might be viewed as a kind of failure from deep learning approaches , wh ←
→ self adversarial training for human pose estimation ; this paper presents a deep learning based approach to the problem of human pose estimation . we employ generative adversarial networks as our learning paradigm in which we set up two stacked hourglass networks with the same architecture , one as the generator and the other as the discriminator . the generator is used as a human pose estimator after the training is done . the discriminator distinguishes ground - truth heatmaps from generated ones , and back - prop ←
→ shape complexes in continuous max - flow hierarchical multi - labeling problems ; although topological considerations amongst multiple labels have been previously investigated in the context of continuous max - flow image segmentation , similar investigations have yet to be made about shape considerations in a general and extendable manner . this paper presents shape complexes for segmentation , which capture more complex shapes by combining multiple labels and super - labels constrained by geodesic star convexity . ←
→ efficient estimation of generalization error and bias - variance components of ensembles ; for many applications , an ensemble of base classifiers is an effective solution . the tuning of its parameters ( number of classes , amount of data on which each classifier is to be trained on , etc .) requires g , the generalization error of a given ensemble . the efficient estimation of g is the focus of this paper . the key idea is to approximate the variance of the class scores / probabilities of the base classifiers over th ←
→ shield : fast , practical defense and vaccination for deep learning using jpeg compression ; the rapidly growing body of research in adversarial machine learning has demonstrated that deep neural networks ( dnns ) are highly vulnerable to adversarially generated images . this underscores the urgent need for practical defense that can be readily deployed to combat attacks in real - time . observing that many attack strategies aim to perturb image pixels in ways that are visually imperceptible , we place jpeg compre ←
→ collaborative filtering in a non - uniform world : learning with the weighted trace norm ; we show that matrix completion with trace - norm regularization can be significantly hurt when entries of the matrix are sampled non - uniformly . we introduce a weighted version of the trace - norm regularizer that works well also with non - uniform sampling . our experimental results demonstrate that the weighted trace - norm regularization indeed yields significant gains on the ( highly non - uniformly sampled ) netflix dataset .←
→ reinforcement learning in partially observable markov decision processes using hybrid probabilistic logic programs ; we present a probabilistic logic programming framework to reinforcement learning , by integrating reinforce - ment learning , in pomdp environments , with normal hybrid probabilistic logic programs with probabilistic answer set seman - tics , that is capable of representing domain - specific knowledge . we formally prove the correctness of our approach . we show that the complexity of finding a policy ←
→ a tale of two animats : what does it take to have goals ? ; what does it take for a system , biological or not , to have goals ? here , this question is approached in the context of in silico artificial evolution . by examining the informational and causal properties of artificial organisms (' animats ') controlled by small , adaptive neural networks ( markov brains ), this essay discusses necessary requirements for intrinsic information , autonomy , and meaning . the focus lies on comparing two types of markov brains tha ←
→ nonparametric bayesian models of hierarchical structure in complex networks ; analyzing and understanding the structure of complex relational data is important in many applications including analysis of the connectivity in the human brain . such networks can have prominent patterns on different scales , calling for a hierarchically structured model . we propose two non - parametric bayesian hierarchical network models based on gibbs fragmentation tree priors , and demonstrate their ability to capture nested pat ←
→ an algorithm for left atrial thrombi detection using transesophageal echocardiography ; transesophageal echocardiography ( tee ) is widely used to detect left atrium ( la )/ left atrial appendage ( laa ) thrombi . in this paper , the local binary pattern variance ( lbpv ) features are extracted from region of interest ( roi ). and the dynamic features are formed by using the information of its neighbor frames in the sequence . the sequence is viewed as a bag , and the images in the sequence are considered as the instanc ←
→ improving hypernymy extraction with distributional semantic classes ; in this paper , we show how distributionally - induced semantic classes can be helpful for extracting hypernyms . we present methods for inducing sense - aware semantic classes using distributional semantics and using these induced semantic classes for filtering noisy hypernymy relations . denoising of hypernyms is performed by labeling each semantic class with its hypernyms . on the one hand , this allows us to filter out wrong extractions using ←
→ falkon : an optimal large scale kernel method ; kernel methods provide a principled way to perform non linear , nonparametric learning . they rely on solid functional analytic foundations and enjoy optimal statistical properties . however , at least in their basic form , they have limited applicability in large scale scenarios because of stringent computational requirements in terms of time and especially memory . in this paper , we take a substantial step in scaling up kernel methods , proposing falkon , a novel alg ←
→ a latent source model for online collaborative filtering ; despite the prevalence of collaborative filtering in recommendation systems , there has been little theoretical development on why and how well it works , especially in the " online " setting , where items are recommended to users over time . we address this theoretical gap by introducing a model for online recommendation systems , cast item recommendation under the model as a learning problem , and analyze the performance of a cosine - similarity collaborati ←
→ a behavior analysis - based game bot detection approach considering various play styles ; an approach for game bot detection in mmorpgs is proposed based on the analysis of game playing behavior . since mmorpgs are large scale games , users can play in various ways . this variety in playing behavior makes it hard to detect game bots based on play behaviors . in order to cope with this problem , the proposed approach observes game playing behaviors of users and groups them by their behavioral similarities . then , ←
→ ctd : fast , accurate , and interpretable method for static and dynamic tensor decompositions ; how can we find patterns and anomalies in a tensor , or multi - dimensional array , in an efficient and directly interpretable way ? how can we do this in an online environment , where a new tensor arrives each time step ? finding patterns and anomalies in a tensor is a crucial problem with many applications , including building safety monitoring , patient health monitoring , cyber security , terrorist detection , and fake us ←
→ towards an author - topic - term - model visualization of 100 years of german sociological society proceedings ; author co - citation studies employ factor analysis to reduce high - dimensional co - citation matrices to low - dimensional and possibly interpretable factors , but these studies do not use any information from the text bodies of publications . we hypothesise that term frequencies may yield useful information for scientometric analysis . in our work we ask if word features in combination with bayesian analysis ←
→ egoreid : cross - view self - identification and human re - identification in egocentric and surveillance videos ; human identification remains to be one of the challenging tasks in computer vision community due to drastic changes in visual features across different viewpoints , lighting conditions , occlusion , etc . most of the literature has been focused on exploring human re - identification across viewpoints that are not too drastically different in nature . cameras usually capture oblique or side views of humans ,←
→ application of artificial neural networks in estimating participation in elections ; it is approved that artificial neural networks can be considerable effective in anticipating and analyzing flows in which traditional methods and statics are not able to solve . in this article , by using two - layer feedforward network with tan - sigmoid transmission function in input and output layers , we can anticipate participation rate of public in kohgiloye and boyerahmad province in future presidential election of islami ←
→ benchmarking framework for performance - evaluation of causal inference analysis ; causal inference analysis is the estimation of the effects of actions on outcomes . in the context of healthcare data this means estimating the outcome of counter - factual treatments ( i . e . including treatments that were not observed ) on a patient ' s outcome . compared to classic machine learning methods , evaluation and validation of causal inference analysis is more challenging because ground truth data of counter - factual outcome ←
→ randomized hybrid linear modeling by local best - fit flats ; the hybrid linear modeling problem is to identify a set of d - dimensional affine sets in a d - dimensional euclidean space . it arises , for example , in object tracking and structure from motion . the hybrid linear model can be considered as the second simplest ( behind linear ) manifold model of data . in this paper we will present a very simple geometric method for hybrid linear modeling based on selecting a set of local best fit flats that minimize a glo ←
→ meat adulteration detection through digital image analysis of histological cuts using lbp ; food fraud has been an area of great concern due to its risk to public health , reduction of food quality or nutritional value and for its economic consequences . for this reason , it ' s been object of regulation in many countries ( e . g . [ 1 ], [ 2 ]). one type of food that has been frequently object of fraud through the addition of water or an aqueous solution is bovine meat . the traditional methods used to detect this kin ←
→ unsupervised creation of parameterized avatars ; we study the problem of mapping an input image to a tied pair consisting of a vector of parameters and an image that is created using a graphical engine from the vector of parameters . the mapping ' s objective is to have the output image as similar as possible to the input image . during training , no supervision is given in the form of matching inputs and outputs . this learning problem extends two literature problems : unsupervised domain adaptation and cross d ←
→ imitation learning of motor primitives and language bootstrapping in robots ; imitation learning in robots , also called programing by demonstration , has made important advances in recent years , allowing humans to teach context dependant motor skills / tasks to robots . we propose to extend the usual contexts investigated to also include acoustic linguistic expressions that might denote a given motor skill , and thus we target joint learning of the motor skills and their potential acoustic linguistic name . in ←
→ dyan : a dynamical atoms network for video prediction ; the ability to anticipate the future is essential when making real time critical decisions , provides valuable information to understand dynamic natural scenes , and can help unsupervised video representation learning . state - of - art video prediction is based on lstm recursive networks and / or generative adversarial network learning . these are complex architectures that need to learn large numbers of parameters , are potentially hard to train , slow to run , an ←
→ scalability of genetic programming and probabilistic incremental program evolution ; this paper discusses scalability of standard genetic programming ( gp ) and the probabilistic incremental program evolution ( pipe ). to investigate the need for both effective mixing and linkage learning , two test problems are considered : order problem , which is rather easy for any recombination - based gp , and trap or the deceptive trap problem , which requires the algorithm to learn interactions among subsets of terminals . th ←
→ test set selection using active information acquisition for predictive models ; in this paper , we consider active information acquisition when the prediction model is meant to be applied on a targeted subset of the population . the goal is to label a pre - specified fraction of customers in the target or test set by iteratively querying for information from the non - target or training set . the number of queries is limited by an overall budget . arising in the context of two rather disparate applications - banki ←
→ fast tracking via spatio - temporal context learning ; in this paper , we present a simple yet fast and robust algorithm which exploits the spatio - temporal context for visual tracking . our approach formulates the spatio - temporal relationships between the object of interest and its local context based on a bayesian framework , which models the statistical correlation between the low - level features ( i . e ., image intensity and position ) from the target and its surrounding regions . the tracking problem is posed by c ←
→ non - minimal triangulations for mixed stochastic / deterministic graphical models ; we observe that certain large - clique graph triangulations can be useful to reduce both computational and space requirements when making queries on mixed stochastic / deterministic graphical models . we demonstrate that many of these large - clique triangulations are non - minimal and are thus unattainable via the variable elimination algorithm . we introduce ancestral pairs as the basis for novel triangulation heuristics and prove th ←
→ towards segmenting consumer stereo videos : benchmark , baselines and ensembles ; are we ready to segment consumer stereo videos ? the amount of this data type is rapidly increasing and encompasses rich information of appearance , motion and depth cues . however , the segmentation of such data is still largely unexplored . first , we propose therefore a new benchmark : videos , annotations and metrics to measure progress on this emerging challenge . second , we evaluate several state of the art segmentation methods a ←
→ swivel : improving embeddings by noticing what ' s missing ; we present submatrix - wise vector embedding learner ( swivel ), a method for generating low - dimensional feature embeddings from a feature co - occurrence matrix . swivel performs approximate factorization of the point - wise mutual information matrix via stochastic gradient descent . it uses a piecewise loss with special handling for unobserved co - occurrences , and thus makes use of all the information in the matrix . while this requires computation proportiona ←
→ a lightweight approach for on - the - fly reflectance estimation ; estimating surface reflectance ( brdf ) is one key component for complete 3d scene capture , with wide applications in virtual reality , augmented reality , and human computer interaction . prior work is either limited to controlled environments (\ eg gonioreflectometers , light stages , or multi - camera domes ), or requires the joint optimization of shape , illumination , and reflectance , which is often computationally too expensive (\ eg hours of running ti ←
→ towards 3d human pose estimation in the wild : a weakly - supervised approach ; in this paper , we study the task of 3d human pose estimation in the wild . this task is challenging due to lack of training data , as existing datasets are either in the wild images with 2d pose or in the lab images with 3d pose . we propose a weakly - supervised transfer learning method that uses mixed 2d and 3d labels in a unified deep neutral network that presents two - stage cascaded structure . our network augments a state - of - the -←
→ predicting the quality of short narratives from social media ; an important and difficult challenge in building computational models for narratives is the automatic evaluation of narrative quality . quality evaluation connects narrative understanding and generation as generation systems need to evaluate their own products . to circumvent difficulties in acquiring annotations , we employ upvotes in social media as an approximate measure for story quality . we collected 54 , 484 answers from a crowd - powered questio ←
→ multi - oriented text detection and verification in video frames and scene images ; in this paper , we bring forth a novel approach of video text detection using fourier - laplacian filtering in the frequency domain that includes a verification technique using hidden markov model ( hmm ). the proposed approach deals with the text region appearing not only in horizontal or vertical directions , but also in any other oblique or curved orientation in the image . until now only a few methods have been proposed that lo ←
→ lensless - camera based machine learning for image classification ; machine learning ( ml ) has been widely applied to image classification . here , we extend this application to data generated by a camera comprised of only a standard cmos image sensor with no lens . we first created a database of lensless images of handwritten digits . then , we trained a ml algorithm on this dataset . finally , we demonstrated that the trained ml algorithm is able to classify the digits with accuracy as high as 99 % for 2 digits . our ←
→ co - interest person detection from multiple wearable camera videos ; wearable cameras , such as google glass and go pro , enable video data collection over larger areas and from different views . in this paper , we tackle a new problem of locating the co - interest person ( cip ), i . e ., the one who draws attention from most camera wearers , from temporally synchronized videos taken by multiple wearable cameras . our basic idea is to exploit the motion patterns of people and use them to correlate the persons across dif ←
→ statistical topic models for multi - label document classification ; machine learning approaches to multi - label document classification have to date largely relied on discriminative modeling techniques such as support vector machines . a drawback of these approaches is that performance rapidly drops off as the total number of labels and the number of labels per document increase . this problem is amplified when the label frequencies exhibit the type of highly skewed distributions that are often observed in real ←
→ semantic instance segmentation with a discriminative loss function ; semantic instance segmentation remains a challenging task . in this work we propose to tackle the problem with a discriminative loss function , operating at the pixel level , that encourages a convolutional network to produce a representation of the image that can easily be clustered into instances with a simple post - processing step . the loss function encourages the network to map each pixel to a point in feature space so that pixels belongin ←
→ manifold estimation and singular deconvolution under hausdorff loss ; we find lower and upper bounds for the risk of estimating a manifold in hausdorff distance under several models . we also show that there are close connections between manifold estimation and the problem of deconvolving a singular measure .←
→ chord angle deviation using tangent ( cadt ), an efficient and robust contour - based corner detector ; detection of corner is the most essential process in a large number of computer vision and image processing applications . we have mentioned a number of popular contour - based corner detectors in our paper . among all these detectors chord to triangular arm angle ( ctaa ) has been demonstrated as the most dominant corner detector in terms of average repeatability . we introduce a new effective method to calculate ←
→ talking to the crowd : what do people react to in online discussions ? ; this paper addresses the question of how language use affects community reaction to comments in online discussion forums , and the relative importance of the message vs . the messenger . a new comment ranking task is proposed based on community annotated karma in reddit discussions , which controls for topic and timing of comments . experimental work with discussion threads from six subreddits shows that the importance of different types of l ←
→ from visual words to a visual grammar : using language modelling for image classification ; the bag -- of -- visual -- words ( bovw ) is a visual description technique that aims at shortening the semantic gap by partitioning a low -- level feature space into regions of the feature space that potentially correspond to visual concepts and by giving more value to this space . in this paper we present a conceptual analysis of three major properties of language grammar and how they can be adapted to the computer vision an ←
→ multi - task learning for segmentation of building footprints with deep neural networks ; the increased availability of high resolution satellite imagery allows to sense very detailed structures on the surface of our planet . access to such information opens up new directions in the analysis of remote sensing imagery . however , at the same time this raises a set of new challenges for existing pixel - based prediction methods , such as semantic segmentation approaches . while deep neural networks have achieved sig ←
→ factored particles for scalable monitoring ; exact monitoring in dynamic bayesian networks is intractable , so approximate algorithms are necessary . this paper presents a new family of approximate monitoring algorithms that combine the best qualities of the particle filtering and boyen - koller methods . our algorithms maintain an approximate representation the belief state in the form of sets of factored particles , that correspond to samples of clusters of state variables . empirical results show that our algor ←
→ demystifying resnet ; the residual network ( resnet ), proposed in he et al . ( 2015 ), utilized shortcut connections to significantly reduce the difficulty of training , which resulted in great performance boosts in terms of both training and generalization error . it was empirically observed in he et al . ( 2015 ) that stacking more layers of residual blocks with shortcut 2 results in smaller training error , while it is not true for shortcut of length 1 or 3 . we provide a theoretical explanation for the uniquenes ←
→ learning measures of semi - additive behaviour ; in business analytics , measure values , such as sales numbers or volumes of cargo transported , are often summed along values of one or more corresponding categories , such as time or shipping container . however , not every measure should be added by default ( e . g ., one might more typically want a mean over the heights of a set of people ); similarly , some measures should only be summed within certain constraints ( e . g ., population measures need not be summed over yea ←
→ projection based weight normalization for deep neural networks ; optimizing deep neural networks ( dnns ) often suffers from the ill - conditioned problem . we observe that the scaling - based weight space symmetry property in rectified nonlinear network will cause this negative effect . therefore , we propose to constrain the incoming weights of each neuron to be unit - norm , which is formulated as an optimization problem over oblique manifold . a simple yet efficient method referred to as projection based weight norm ←
→ model - based debugging using multiple abstract models ; this paper introduces an automatic debugging framework that relies on model - based reasoning techniques to locate faults in programs . in particular , model - based diagnosis , together with an abstract interpretation based conflict detection mechanism is used to derive diagnoses , which correspond to possible faults in programs . design information and partial specifications are applied to guide a model revision process , which allows for automatic detection an ←
→ theoretical foundations of forward feature selection methods based on mutual information ; feature selection problems arise in a variety of applications , such as microarray analysis , clinical prediction , text categorization , image classification and face recognition , multi - label learning , and classification of internet traffic . among the various classes of methods , forward feature selection methods based on mutual information have become very popular and are widely used in practice . however , comparative e ←
→ pseudo dynamic transitional modeling of building heating energy demand using artificial neural network ; this paper presents the building heating demand prediction model with occupancy profile and operational heating power level characteristics in short time horizon ( a couple of days ) using artificial neural network . in addition , novel pseudo dynamic transitional model is introduced , which consider time dependent attributes of operational power level characteristics and its effect in the overall model per ←
→ joint regression and ranking for image enhancement ; research on automated image enhancement has gained momentum in recent years , partially due to the need for easy - to - use tools for enhancing pictures captured by ubiquitous cameras on mobile devices . many of the existing leading methods employ machine - learning - based techniques , by which some enhancement parameters for a given image are found by relating the image to the training images with known enhancement parameters . while knowing the structure of the pa ←
→ coevolve : a joint point process model for information diffusion and network co - evolution ; information diffusion in online social networks is affected by the underlying network topology , but it also has the power to change it . online users are constantly creating new links when exposed to new information sources , and in turn these links are alternating the way information spreads . however , these two highly intertwined stochastic processes , information diffusion and network evolution , have been predominant ←
→ managing autonomous mobility on demand systems for better passenger experience ; autonomous mobility on demand systems , though still in their infancy , have very promising prospects in providing urban population with sustainable and safe personal mobility in the near future . while much research has been conducted on both autonomous vehicles and mobility on demand systems , to the best of our knowledge , this is the first work that shows how to manage autonomous mobility on demand systems for better passenger ←
→ approximate inference and stochastic optimal control ; we propose a novel reformulation of the stochastic optimal control problem as an approximate inference problem , demonstrating , that such a interpretation leads to new practical methods for the original problem . in particular we characterise a novel class of iterative solutions to the stochastic optimal control problem based on a natural relaxation of the exact dual formulation . these theoretical insights are applied to the reinforcement learning problem ←
→ towards cooperation in sequential prisoner ' s dilemmas : a deep multiagent reinforcement learning approach ; the iterated prisoner ' s dilemma has guided research on social dilemmas for decades . however , it distinguishes between only two atomic actions : cooperate and defect . in real - world prisoner ' s dilemmas , these choices are temporally extended and different strategies may correspond to sequences of actions , reflecting grades of cooperation . we introduce a sequential prisoner ' s dilemma ( spd ) game to better ←
→ reduced egomotion estimation drift using omnidirectional views ; estimation of camera motion from a given image sequence becomes degraded as the length of the sequence increases . in this letter , this phenomenon is demonstrated and an approach to increase the estimation accuracy is proposed . the proposed method uses an omnidirectional camera in addition to the perspective one and takes advantage of its enlarged view by exploiting the correspondences between the omnidirectional and perspective images . simulat ←
→ deep gaussian covariance network ; the correlation length - scale next to the noise variance are the most used hyperparameters for the gaussian processes . typically , stationary covariance functions are used , which are only dependent on the distances between input points and thus invariant to the translations in the input space . the optimization of the hyperparameters is commonly done by maximizing the log marginal likelihood . this works quite well , if the distances are uniform distributed . in the case of a lo ←
→ batch normalized recurrent neural networks ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) are powerful models for sequential data that have the potential to learn long - term dependencies . however , they are computationally expensive to train and difficult to parallelize . recent work has shown that normalizing intermediate representations of neural networks can significantly improve convergence rates in feedforward neural networks . in particular , batch normalization , which uses mini - batch statistics to standardize featur ←
→ learning boolean halfspaces with small weights from membership queries ; we consider the problem of proper learning a boolean halfspace with integer weights $\{ 0 , 1 ,\ ldots , t \}$ from membership queries only . the best known algorithm for this problem is an adaptive algorithm that asks $ n ^{ o ( t ^ 5 )}$ membership queries where the best lower bound for the number of membership queries is $ n ^ t $ [ learning threshold functions with small weights using membership queries . colt 1999 ] in this paper we close this gap and ←
→ discovering more precise process models from event logs by filtering out chaotic activities ; process discovery is concerned with the automatic generation of a process model that describes a business process from execution data of that business process . real life event logs can contain chaotic activities . these activities are independent of the state of the process and can , therefore , happen at rather arbitrary points in time . we show that the presence of such chaotic activities in an event log heavily im ←
→ deep occlusion reasoning for multi - camera multi - target detection ; people detection in single 2d images has improved greatly in recent years . however , comparatively little of this progress has percolated into multi - camera multi - people tracking algorithms , whose performance still degrades severely when scenes become very crowded . in this work , we introduce a new architecture that combines convolutional neural nets and conditional random fields to explicitly model those ambiguities . one of its key ingredients ←
→ task interaction in an htn planner ; hierarchical task network ( htn ) planning uses task decomposition to plan for an executable sequence of actions as a solution to a problem . in order to reason effectively , an htn planner needs expressive domain knowledge . for instance , a simplified htn planning system such as jshop2 uses such expressivity and avoids some task interactions due to the increased complexity of the planning process . we address the possibility of simplifying the domain representation needed for ←
→ optimization , learning , and games with predictable sequences ; we provide several applications of optimistic mirror descent , an online learning algorithm based on the idea of predictable sequences . first , we recover the mirror prox algorithm for offline optimization , prove an extension to holder - smooth functions , and apply the results to saddle - point type problems . next , we prove that a version of optimistic mirror descent ( which has a close relation to the exponential weights algorithm ) can be used by two ←
→ sum - product - quotient networks ; we present a novel tractable generative model that extends sum - product networks ( spns ) and significantly boosts their power . we call it sum - product - quotient networks ( spqns ), whose core concept is to incorporate conditional distributions into the model by direct computation using quotient nodes , e . g . $ p ( a | b ) = \ frac { p ( a , b )}{ p ( b )}$. we provide sufficient conditions for the tractability of spqns that generalize and relax the decomposable and complete tractability conditions of ←
→ a 3d fully convolutional neural network and a random walker to segment the esophagus in ct ; precise delineation of organs at risk ( oar ) is a crucial task in radiotherapy treatment planning , which aims at delivering high dose to the tumour while sparing healthy tissues . in recent years algorithms showed high performance and the possibility to automate this task for many oar . however , for some oar precise delineation remains challenging . the esophagus with a versatile shape and poor contrast is among these ←
→ a new measure of conditional dependence ; measuring conditional dependencies among the variables of a network is of great interest to many disciplines . this paper studies some shortcomings of the existing dependency measures in detecting direct causal influences or their lack of ability for group selection to capture strong dependencies and accordingly introduces a new statistical dependency measure to overcome them . this measure is inspired by dobrushin ' s coefficients and based on the fact that there is no ←
→ efficient density estimation via piecewise polynomial approximation ; we give a highly efficient " semi - agnostic " algorithm for learning univariate probability distributions that are well approximated by piecewise polynomial density functions . let $ p $ be an arbitrary distribution over an interval $ i $ which is $\ tau $- close ( in total variation distance ) to an unknown probability distribution $ q $ that is defined by an unknown partition of $ i $ into $ t $ intervals and $ t $ unknown degree -$ d $ polynomials specifying ←
→ live - wire 3d medical images segmentation ; this report describes the design , implementation , evaluation and original enhancements to the live - wire method for 2d and 3d image segmentation . live - wire 2d employs a semi - automatic paradigm ; the user is asked to select a few boundary points of the object to segment , to steer the process in the right direction , while the result is displayed in real time . in our implementation segmentation is extended to three dimensions by performing this process on a slice - by - sli ←
→ fusing multi - stream deep networks for video classification ; this paper studies deep network architectures to address the problem of video classification . a multi - stream framework is proposed to fully utilize the rich multimodal information in videos . specifically , we first train three convolutional neural networks to model spatial , short - term motion and audio clues respectively . long short term memory networks are then adopted to explore long - term temporal dynamics . with the outputs of the individual strea ←
→ evaluation of plane detection with ransac according to density of 3d point clouds ; we have implemented a method that detects planar regions from 3d scan data using random sample consensus ( ransac ) algorithm to address the issue of a trade - off between the scanning speed and the point density of 3d scanning . however , the limitation of the implemented method has not been clear yet . in this paper , we conducted an additional experiment to evaluate the implemented method by changing its parameter and environme ←
→ full - force : a target - based method for training recurrent networks ; trained recurrent networks are powerful tools for modeling dynamic neural computations . we present a target - based method for modifying the full connectivity matrix of a recurrent network to train it to perform tasks involving temporally complex input / output transformations . the method introduces a second network during training to provide suitable " target " dynamics useful for performing the task . because it exploits the full recurrent conne ←
→ deep pose consensus networks ; in this paper , we address the problem of estimating a 3d human pose from a single image , which is important but difficult to solve due to many reasons , such as self - occlusions , wild appearance changes , and inherent ambiguities of 3d estimation from a 2d cue . these difficulties make the problem ill - posed , which have become requiring increasingly complex estimators to enhance the performance . on the other hand , most existing methods try to handle this problem based on a single c ←
→ rapid adaptation with conditionally shifted neurons ; we describe a mechanism by which artificial neural networks can learn rapid adaptation - the ability to adapt on the fly , with little data , to new tasks - that we call conditionally shifted neurons . we apply this mechanism in the framework of metalearning , where the aim is to replicate some of the flexibility of human learning in machines . conditionally shifted neurons modify their activation values with task - specific shifts retrieved from a memory modul ←
→ identificación y registro catastral de cuerpos de agua mediante técnicas de procesamiento digital de imagenes ; the effects of global climate change on peruvian glaciers have brought about several processes of deglaciation during the last few years . the immediate effect is the change of size of lakes and rivers . public institutions that monitor water resources currently have only recent studies which make up less than 10 % of the total . the effects of climate change and the lack of updated information inte ←
→ argumentative inference in uncertain and inconsistent knowledge bases ; this paper presents and discusses several methods for reasoning from inconsistent knowledge bases . a so - called argumentative - consequence relation taking into account the existence of consistent arguments in favor of a conclusion and the absence of consistent arguments in favor of its contrary , is particularly investigated . flat knowledge bases , i . e . without any priority between their elements , as well as prioritized ones where some elem ←
→ combining semantic wikis and controlled natural language ; we demonstrate acewiki that is a semantic wiki using the controlled natural language attempto controlled english ( ace ). the goal is to enable easy creation and modification of ontologies through the web . texts in ace can automatically be translated into first - order logic and other languages , for example owl . previous evaluation showed that ordinary people are able to use acewiki without being instructed .←
→ gene similarity - based approaches for determining core - genes of chloroplasts ; in computational biology and bioinformatics , the manner to understand evolution processes within various related organisms paid a lot of attention these last decades . however , accurate methodologies are still needed to discover genes content evolution . in a previous work , two novel approaches based on sequence similarities and genes features have been proposed . more precisely , we proposed to use genes names , sequence similaritie ←
→ deep - learning for classification of colorectal polyps on whole - slide images ; histopathological characterization of colorectal polyps is an important principle for determining the risk of colorectal cancer and future rates of surveillance for patients . this characterization is time - intensive , requires years of specialized training , and suffers from significant inter - observer and intra - observer variability . in this work , we built an automatic image - understanding method that can accurately classify differen ←
→ probabilistic planning via heuristic forward search and weighted model counting ; we present a new algorithm for probabilistic planning with no observability . our algorithm , called probabilistic - ff , extends the heuristic forward - search machinery of conformant - ff to problems with probabilistic uncertainty about both the initial state and action effects . specifically , probabilistic - ff combines conformant - ffs techniques with a powerful machinery for weighted model counting in ( weighted ) cnfs , serving to eleg ←
→ creating intelligent linking for information threading in knowledge networks ; informledge system ( ils ) is a knowledge network with autonomous nodes and intelligent links that integrate and structure the pieces of knowledge . in this paper , we aim to put forward the link dynamics involved in intelligent processing of information in ils . there has been advancement in knowledge management field which involve managing information in databases from a single domain . ils works with information from multiple doma ←
→ light field super - resolution via graph - based regularization ; light field cameras capture the 3d information in a scene with a single exposure . this special feature makes light field cameras very appealing for a variety of applications : from post - capture refocus , to depth estimation and image - based rendering . however , light field cameras suffer by design from strong limitations in their spatial resolution , which should therefore be augmented by computational methods . on the one hand , off - the - shelf single - fr ←
→ infinite shift - invariant grouped multi - task learning for gaussian processes ; multi - task learning leverages shared information among data sets to improve the learning performance of individual tasks . the paper applies this framework for data where each task is a phase - shifted periodic time series . in particular , we develop a novel bayesian nonparametric model capturing a mixture of gaussian processes where each task is a sum of a group - specific function and a component capturing individual variation , in a ←
→ the second order linear model ; we study a fundamental class of regression models called the second order linear model ( slm ). the slm extends the linear model to high order functional space and has attracted considerable research interest recently . yet how to efficiently learn the slm under full generality using nonconvex solver still remains an open question due to several fundamental limitations of the conventional gradient descent learning framework . in this study , we try to attack this problem from a gr ←
→ abstraction super - structuring normal forms : towards a theory of structural induction ; induction is the process by which we obtain predictive laws or theories or models of the world . we consider the structural aspect of induction . we answer the question as to whether we can find a finite and minmalistic set of operations on structural elements in terms of which any theory can be expressed . we identify abstraction ( grouping similar entities ) and super - structuring ( combining topologically e . g ., spatio - tempo ←
→ caffeinated fpgas : fpga framework for convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have gained significant traction in the field of machine learning , particularly due to their high accuracy in visual recognition . recent works have pushed the performance of gpu implementations of cnns to significantly improve their classification and training times . with these improvements , many frameworks have become available for implementing cnns on both cpus and gpus , with no support for fpga impl ←
→ using qualitative relationships for bounding probability distributions ; we exploit qualitative probabilistic relationships among variables for computing bounds of conditional probability distributions of interest in bayesian networks . using the signs of qualitative relationships , we can implement abstraction operations that are guaranteed to bound the distributions of interest in the desired direction . by evaluating incrementally improved approximate networks , our algorithm obtains monotonically tightening ←
→ 6d pose estimation using an improved method based on point pair features ; the point pair feature ( drost et al . 2010 ) has been one of the most successful 6d pose estimation method among model - based approaches as an efficient , integrated and compromise alternative to the traditional local and global pipelines . during the last years , several variations of the algorithm have been proposed . among these extensions , the solution introduced by hinterstoisser et al . ( 2016 ) is a major contribution . this work present ←
→ surface registration using genetic algorithm in reduced search space ; surface registration is a technique that is used in various areas such as object recognition and 3d model reconstruction . problem of surface registration can be analyzed as an optimization problem of seeking a rigid motion between two different views . genetic algorithms can be used for solving this optimization problem , both for obtaining the robust parameter estimation and for its fine - tuning . the main drawback of genetic algorithms is ←
→ ue4sim : a photo - realistic simulator for computer vision applications ; we present a photo - realistic training and evaluation simulator ( ue4sim ) with extensive applications across various fields of computer vision . built on top of the unreal engine , the simulator integrates full featured physics based cars , unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs ), and animated human actors in diverse urban and suburban 3d environments . we demonstrate the versatility of the simulator with two case studies : autonomous uav - based trackin ←
→ spoken language translation for polish ; spoken language translation ( slt ) is becoming more important in the increasingly globalized world , both from a social and economic point of view . it is one of the major challenges for automatic speech recognition ( asr ) and machine translation ( mt ), driving intense research activities in these areas . while past research in slt , due to technology limitations , dealt mostly with speech recorded under controlled conditions , today ' s major challenge is the translation of sp ←
→ genesim : genetic extraction of a single , interpretable model ; models obtained by decision tree induction techniques excel in being interpretable . however , they can be prone to overfitting , which results in a low predictive performance . ensemble techniques are able to achieve a higher accuracy . however , this comes at a cost of losing interpretability of the resulting model . this makes ensemble techniques impractical in applications where decision support , instead of decision making , is crucial . to bridge t ←
→ data - dependent pac - bayes priors via differential privacy ; the probably approximately correct ( pac ) bayes framework ( mcallester , 1999 ) can incorporate knowledge about the learning algorithm and data distribution through the use of distribution - dependent priors , yielding tighter generalization bounds on data - dependent posteriors . using this flexibility , however , is difficult , especially when the data distribution is presumed to be unknown . we show how an {\ epsilon }- differentially private data - dependent prior ←
→ learning to estimate 3d hand pose from single rgb images ; low - cost consumer depth cameras and deep learning have enabled reasonable 3d hand pose estimation from single depth images . in this paper , we present an approach that estimates 3d hand pose from regular rgb images . this task has far more ambiguities due to the missing depth information . to this end , we propose a deep network that learns a network - implicit 3d articulation prior . together with detected keypoints in the images , this network yields good ←
→ nonlinear unmixing of hyperspectral images using a semiparametric model and spatial regularization ; incorporating spatial information into hyperspectral unmixing procedures has been shown to have positive effects , due to the inherent spatial - spectral duality in hyperspectral scenes . current research works that consider spatial information are mainly focused on the linear mixing model . in this paper , we investigate a variational approach to incorporating spatial correlation into a nonlinear unmixing proce ←
→ hierarchized block wise image approximation by greedy pursuit strategies ; an approach for effective implementation of greedy selection methodologies , to approximate an image partitioned into blocks , is proposed . the method is specially designed for approximating partitions on a transformed image . it evolves by selecting , at each iteration step , i ) the elements for approximating each of the blocks partitioning the image and ii ) the hierarchized sequence in which the blocks are approximated to reach the requ ←
→ collaborative filtering and the missing at random assumption ; rating prediction is an important application , and a popular research topic in collaborative filtering . however , both the validity of learning algorithms , and the validity of standard testing procedures rest on the assumption that missing ratings are missing at random ( mar ). in this paper we present the results of a user study in which we collect a random sample of ratings from current users of an online radio service . an analysis of the rating ←
→ generic behaviour similarity measures for evolutionary swarm robotics ; novelty search has shown to be a promising approach for the evolution of controllers for swarm robotics . in existing studies , however , the experimenter had to craft a domain dependent behaviour similarity measure to use novelty search in swarm robotics applications . the reliance on hand - crafted similarity measures places an additional burden to the experimenter and introduces a bias in the evolutionary process . in this paper , we propose ←
→ improving neural parsing by disentangling model combination and reranking effects ; recent work has proposed several generative neural models for constituency parsing that achieve state - of - the - art results . since direct search in these generative models is difficult , they have primarily been used to rescore candidate outputs from base parsers in which decoding is more straightforward . we first present an algorithm for direct search in these generative models . we then demonstrate that the rescoring results ←
→ investigation of a collective decision making system of different neighbourhood - size based on hyper - geometric distribution ; the study of collective decision making system has become the central part of the swarm - intelligence related research in recent years . the most challenging task of modelling a collec - tive decision making system is to develop the macroscopic stochastic equation from its microscopic model . in this report we have investigated the behaviour of a collective decision making system with ←
→ fault detection using immune - based systems and formal language algorithms ; this paper describes two approaches for fault detection : an immune - based mechanism and a formal language algorithm . the first one is based on the feature of immune systems in distinguish any foreign cell from the body own cell . the formal language approach assumes the system as a linguistic source capable of generating a certain language , characterised by a grammar . each algorithm has particular characteristics , which are analysed ←
→ harnessing natural fluctuations : analogue computer for efficient socially maximal decision making ; each individual handles many tasks of finding the most profitable option from a set of options that stochastically provide rewards . our society comprises a collection of such individuals , and the society is expected to maximise the total rewards , while the individuals compete for common rewards . such collective decision making is formulated as the ` competitive multi - armed bandit problem ( cbp )', requiring a ←
→ forecasting human dynamics from static images ; this paper presents the first study on forecasting human dynamics from static images . the problem is to input a single rgb image and generate a sequence of upcoming human body poses in 3d . to address the problem , we propose the 3d pose forecasting network ( 3d - pfnet ). our 3d - pfnet integrates recent advances on single - image human pose estimation and sequence prediction , and converts the 2d predictions into 3d space . we train our 3d - pfnet using a three - step train ←
→ online learning for classification of low - rank representation features and its applications in audio segment classification ; in this paper , a novel framework based on trace norm minimization for audio segment is proposed . in this framework , both the feature extraction and classification are obtained by solving corresponding convex optimization problem with trace norm regularization . for feature extraction , robust principle component analysis ( robust pca ) via minimization a combination of the nuclear norm ←
→ learning to inpaint for image compression ; we study the design of deep architectures for lossy image compression . we present two architectural recipes in the context of multi - stage progressive encoders and empirically demonstrate their importance on compression performance . specifically , we show that : ( a ) predicting the original image data from residuals in a multi - stage progressive architecture facilitates learning and leads to improved performance at approximating the original content and ( b ) learning to ←
→ learning multiple levels of representations with kernel machines ; we propose a connectionist - inspired kernel machine model with three key advantages over traditional kernel machines . first , it is capable of learning distributed and hierarchical representations . second , its performance is highly robust to the choice of kernel function . third , the solution space is not limited to the span of images of training data in reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ). together with the architecture , we propose a greed ←
→ understanding trained cnns by indexing neuron selectivity ; the impressive performance and plasticity of convolutional neural networks to solve different vision problems are shadowed by their black - box nature and its consequent lack of full understanding . to reduce this gap we propose to describe the activity of individual neurons by quantifying their inherent selectivity to specific properties . our approach is based on the definition of feature selectivity indexes that allow the ranking of neurons accordin ←
→ fitness uniform deletion : a simple way to preserve diversity ; a commonly experienced problem with population based optimisation methods is the gradual decline in population diversity that tends to occur over time . this can slow a system ' s progress or even halt it completely if the population converges on a local optimum from which it cannot escape . in this paper we present the fitness uniform deletion scheme ( fuds ), a simple but somewhat unconventional approach to this problem . under fuds the deletion oper ←
→ breakid : static symmetry breaking for asp ( system description ) ; symmetry breaking has been proven to be an efficient preprocessing technique for satisfiability solving ( sat ). in this paper , we port the state - of - the - art sat symmetry breaker breakid to answer set programming ( asp ). the result is a lightweight tool that can be plugged in between the grounding and the solving phases that are common when modelling in asp . we compare our tool with sbass , the current state - of - the - art symmetry breaker for asp .←
→ speaking the same language : matching machine to human captions by adversarial training ; while strong progress has been made in image captioning over the last years , machine and human captions are still quite distinct . a closer look reveals that this is due to the deficiencies in the generated word distribution , vocabulary size , and strong bias in the generators towards frequent captions . furthermore , humans -- rightfully so -- generate multiple , diverse captions , due to the inherent ambiguity in the capt ←
→ computing threshold functions using dendrites ; neurons , modeled as linear threshold unit ( ltu ), can in theory compute all thresh - old functions . in practice , however , some of these functions require synaptic weights of arbitrary large precision . we show here that dendrites can alleviate this requirement . we introduce here the non - linear threshold unit ( nltu ) that integrates synaptic input sub - linearly within distinct subunits to take into account local saturation in dendrites . we systematically search para ←
→ no free lunch theorem and bayesian probability theory : two sides of the same coin . some implications for black - box optimization and metaheuristics ; challenging optimization problems , which elude acceptable solution via conventional calculus methods , arise commonly in different areas of industrial design and practice . hard optimization problems are those who manifest the following behavior : a ) high number of independent input variables ; b ) very complex or irregular multi - modal fitness ; c ) computational ex ←
→ weight uncertainty in neural networks ; we introduce a new , efficient , principled and backpropagation - compatible algorithm for learning a probability distribution on the weights of a neural network , called bayes by backprop . it regularises the weights by minimising a compression cost , known as the variational free energy or the expected lower bound on the marginal likelihood . we show that this principled kind of regularisation yields comparable performance to dropout on mnist classification . we then demonst ←
→ towards the evolution of vertical - axis wind turbines using supershapes ; we have recently presented an initial study of evolutionary algorithms used to design vertical - axis wind turbines ( vawts ) wherein candidate prototypes are evaluated under approximated wind tunnel conditions after being physically instantiated by a 3d printer . that is , unlike other approaches such as computational fluid dynamics simulations , no mathematical formulations are used and no model assumptions are made . however , the representa ←
→ hierarchical object detection with deep reinforcement learning ; we present a method for performing hierarchical object detection in images guided by a deep reinforcement learning agent . the key idea is to focus on those parts of the image that contain richer information and zoom on them . we train an intelligent agent that , given an image window , is capable of deciding where to focus the attention among five different predefined region candidates ( smaller windows ). this procedure is iterated providing a hie ←
→ a heuristic scheme for the cooperative team orienteering problem with time windows ; the cooperative orienteering problem with time windows ( coptw ) is a class of problems with some important applications and yet has received relatively little attention . in the coptw a certain number of team members are required to collect the associated reward from each customer simultaneously and cooperatively . this requirement to have one or more team members simultaneously available at a vertex to collect the reward , po ←
→ differentially private empirical risk minimization ; privacy - preserving machine learning algorithms are crucial for the increasingly common setting in which personal data , such as medical or financial records , are analyzed . we provide general techniques to produce privacy - preserving approximations of classifiers learned via ( regularized ) empirical risk minimization ( erm ). these algorithms are private under the $\ epsilon $- differential privacy definition due to dwork et al . ( 2006 ). first we apply the output p ←
→ topic - based evaluation for conversational bots ; dialog evaluation is a challenging problem , especially for non task - oriented dialogs where conversational success is not well - defined . we propose to evaluate dialog quality using topic - based metrics that describe the ability of a conversational bot to sustain coherent and engaging conversations on a topic , and the diversity of topics that a bot can handle . to detect conversation topics per utterance , we adopt deep average networks ( dan ) and train a topic clas ←
→ aggregate channel features for multi - view face detection ; face detection has drawn much attention in recent decades since the seminal work by viola and jones . while many subsequences have improved the work with more powerful learning algorithms , the feature representation used for face detection still can ' t meet the demand for effectively and efficiently handling faces with large appearance variance in the wild . to solve this bottleneck , we borrow the concept of channel features to the face detection domai ←
→ a modification of particle swarm optimization using random walk ; particle swarm optimization comes under lot of changes after james kennedy and russell eberhart first proposes the idea in 1995 . the changes has been done mainly on inertia parameters in velocity updating equation so that the convergence rate will be higher . we are proposing a novel approach where particles movement will not be depend on its velocity rather it will be decided by constrained biased random walk of particles . in random walk ever ←
→ sketching for kronecker product regression and p - splines ; tensorsketch is an oblivious linear sketch introduced in pagh ' 13 and later used in pham , pagh ' 13 in the context of svms for polynomial kernels . it was shown in avron , nguyen , woodruff ' 14 that tensorsketch provides a subspace embedding , and therefore can be used for canonical correlation analysis , low rank approximation , and principal component regression for the polynomial kernel . we take tensorsketch outside of the context of polynomials kernels , a ←
→ image decomposition using a robust regression approach ; this paper considers how to separate text and / or graphics from smooth background in screen content and mixed content images and proposes an algorithm to perform this segmentation task . the proposed methods make use of the fact that the background in each block is usually smoothly varying and can be modeled well by a linear combination of a few smoothly varying basis functions , while the foreground text and graphics create sharp discontinuity . this alg ←
→ constructing category - specific models for monocular object - slam ; we present a new paradigm for real - time object - oriented slam with a monocular camera . contrary to previous approaches , that rely on object - level models , we construct category - level models from cad collections which are now widely available . to alleviate the need for huge amounts of labeled data , we develop a rendering pipeline that enables synthesis of large datasets from a limited amount of manually labeled data . using data thus synthesized ,←
→ digrad : multi - task reinforcement learning with shared actions ; most reinforcement learning algorithms are inefficient for learning multiple tasks in complex robotic systems , where different tasks share a set of actions . in such environments a compound policy may be learnt with shared neural network parameters , which performs multiple tasks concurrently . however such compound policy may get biased towards a task or the gradients from different tasks negate each other , making the learning unstable and someti ←
→ sift vs surf : quantifying the variation in transformations ; this paper studies the robustness of sift and surf against different image transforms ( rigid body , similarity , affine and projective ) by quantitatively analyzing the variations in the extent of transformations . previous studies have been comparing the two techniques on absolute transformations rather than the specific amount of deformation caused by the transformation . the paper establishes an exhaustive empirical analysis of such deformations and ←
→ adopting level set theory based algorithms to segment human ear ; human identification has always been a topic that interested researchers around the world . biometric methods are found to be more effective and much easier for the users than the traditional identification methods like keys , smart cards and passwords . unlike with the traditional methods , with biometric methods the data acquisition is most of the times passive , which means the users do not take active part in data acquisition . data acquisition ←
→ 3dcnn - dqn - rnn : a deep reinforcement learning framework for semantic parsing of large - scale 3d point clouds ; semantic parsing of large - scale 3d point clouds is an important research topic in computer vision and remote sensing fields . most existing approaches utilize hand - crafted features for each modality independently and combine them in a heuristic manner . they often fail to consider the consistency and complementary information among features adequately , which makes them difficult to capture high - level ←
→ sharp convergence rate and support consistency of multiple kernel learning with sparse and dense regularization ; we theoretically investigate the convergence rate and support consistency ( i . e ., correctly identifying the subset of non - zero coefficients in the large sample limit ) of multiple kernel learning ( mkl ). we focus on mkl with block - l1 regularization ( inducing sparse kernel combination ), block - l2 regularization ( inducing uniform kernel combination ), and elastic - net regularization ( including both bl ←
→ a structured variational auto - encoder for learning deep hierarchies of sparse features ; in this note we present a generative model of natural images consisting of a deep hierarchy of layers of latent random variables , each of which follows a new type of distribution that we call rectified gaussian . these rectified gaussian units allow spike - and - slab type sparsity , while retaining the differentiability necessary for efficient stochastic gradient variational inference . to learn the parameters of the new mo ←
→ modeling progress in ai ; participants in recent discussions of ai - related issues ranging from intelligence explosion to technological unemployment have made diverse claims about the nature , pace , and drivers of progress in ai . however , these theories are rarely specified in enough detail to enable systematic evaluation of their assumptions or to extrapolate progress quantitatively , as is often done with some success in other technological domains . after reviewing relevant literatures and justifying the nee ←
→ proximodistal exploration in motor learning as an emergent property of optimization ; to harness the complexity of their high - dimensional bodies during sensorimotor development , infants are guided by patterns of freezing and freeing of degrees of freedom . for instance , when learning to reach , infants free the degrees of freedom in their arm proximodistally , i . e . from joints that are closer to the body to those that are more distant . here , we formulate and study computationally the hypothesis that such pat ←
→ the cyborg astrobiologist : porting from a wearable computer to the astrobiology phone - cam ; we have used a simple camera phone to significantly improve an ` exploration system ' for astrobiology and geology . this camera phone will make it much easier to develop and test computer - vision algorithms for future planetary exploration . we envision that the ` astrobiology phone - cam ' exploration system can be fruitfully used in other problem domains as well .←
→ intensity video guided 4d fusion for improved highly dynamic 3d reconstruction ; the availability of high - speed 3d video sensors has greatly facilitated 3d shape acquisition of dynamic and deformable objects , but high frame rate 3d reconstruction is always degraded by spatial noise and temporal fluctuations . this paper presents a simple yet powerful intensity video guided multi - frame 4d fusion pipeline . temporal tracking of intensity image points ( of moving and deforming objects ) allows registration of th ←
→ learning to represent mechanics via long - term extrapolation and interpolation ; while the basic laws of newtonian mechanics are well understood , explaining a physical scenario still requires manually modeling the problem with suitable equations and associated parameters . in order to adopt such models for artificial intelligence , researchers have handcrafted the relevant states , and then used neural networks to learn the state transitions using simulation runs as training data . unfortunately , such approach ←
→ understanding opinions . a cognitive and formal account ; the study of opinions , their formation and change , is one of the defining topics addressed by social psychology , but in recent years other disciplines , as computer science and complexity , have addressed this challenge . despite the flourishing of different models and theories in both fields , several key questions still remain unanswered . the aim of this paper is to challenge the current theories on opinion by putting forward a cognitively grounded mode ←
→ when you must forget : beyond strong persistence when forgetting in answer set programming ; among the myriad of desirable properties discussed in the context of forgetting in answer set programming ( asp ), strong persistence naturally captures its essence . recently , it has been shown that it is not always possible to forget a set of atoms from a program while obeying this property , and a precise criterion regarding what can be forgotten has been presented , accompanied by a class of forgetting operators tha ←
→ analytical and learning - based spectrum sensing time optimization in cognitive radio systems ; powerful spectrum sensing schemes enable cognitive radios ( crs ) to find transmission opportunities in spectral resources allocated exclusively to the primary users . in this paper , maximizing the average throughput of a secondary user by optimizing its spectrum sensing time is formulated assuming that a prior knowledge of the presence and absence probabilities of the primary users is available . the energy consumed ←
→ extracting useful rules through improved decision tree induction using information entropy ; classification is widely used technique in the data mining domain , where scalability and efficiency are the immediate problems in classification algorithms for large databases . we suggest improvements to the existing c4 . 5 decision tree algorithm . in this paper attribute oriented induction ( aoi ) and relevance analysis are incorporated with concept hierarchys knowledge and heightbalancepriority algorithm for constru ←
→ neural domain adaptation for biomedical question answering ; factoid question answering ( qa ) has recently benefited from the development of deep learning ( dl ) systems . neural network models outperform traditional approaches in domains where large datasets exist , such as squad ( ca . 100 , 000 questions ) for wikipedia articles . however , these systems have not yet been applied to qa in more specific domains , such as biomedicine , because datasets are generally too small to train a dl system from scratch . for examp ←
→ rows vs columns for linear systems of equations - randomized kaczmarz or coordinate descent ? ; this paper is about randomized iterative algorithms for solving a linear system of equations $ x \ beta = y $ in different settings . recent interest in the topic was reignited when strohmer and vershynin ( 2009 ) proved the linear convergence rate of a randomized kaczmarz ( rk ) algorithm that works on the rows of $ x $ ( data points ). following that , leventhal and lewis ( 2010 ) proved the linear convergence of a randomize ←
→ efficient algorithms for t - distributed stochastic neighborhood embedding ; t - distributed stochastic neighborhood embedding ( t - sne ) is a method for dimensionality reduction and visualization that has become widely popular in recent years . efficient implementations of t - sne are available , but they scale poorly to datasets with hundreds of thousands to millions of high dimensional data - points . we present fast fourier transform - accelerated interpolation - based t - sne ( fit - sne ), which dramatically accelerates the ←
→ globally optimal gradient descent for a convnet with gaussian inputs ; deep learning models are often successfully trained using gradient descent , despite the worst case hardness of the underlying non - convex optimization problem . the key question is then under what conditions can one prove that optimization will succeed . here we provide a strong result of this kind . we consider a neural net with one hidden layer and a convolutional structure with no overlap and a relu activation function . for this architect ←
→ maximized posteriori attributes selection from facial salient landmarks for face recognition ; this paper presents a robust and dynamic face recognition technique based on the extraction and matching of devised probabilistic graphs drawn on sift features related to independent face areas . the face matching strategy is based on matching individual salient facial graph characterized by sift features as connected to facial landmarks such as the eyes and the mouth . in order to reduce the face matching errors ,←
→ learning semantic script knowledge with event embeddings ; induction of common sense knowledge about prototypical sequences of events has recently received much attention . instead of inducing this knowledge in the form of graphs , as in much of the previous work , in our method , distributed representations of event realizations are computed based on distributed representations of predicates and their arguments , and then these representations are used to predict prototypical event orderings . the parameters of ←
→ automatic genre and show identification of broadcast media ; huge amounts of digital videos are being produced and broadcast every day , leading to giant media archives . effective techniques are needed to make such data accessible further . automatic meta - data labelling of broadcast media is an essential task for multimedia indexing , where it is standard to use multi - modal input for such purposes . this paper describes a novel method for automatic detection of media genre and show identities using acoustic fea ←
→ neural embeddings of graphs in hyperbolic space ; neural embeddings have been used with great success in natural language processing ( nlp ). they provide compact representations that encapsulate word similarity and attain state - of - the - art performance in a range of linguistic tasks . the success of neural embeddings has prompted significant amounts of research into applications in domains other than language . one such domain is graph - structured data , where embeddings of vertices can be learned that encapsulate ←
→ sparse neural networks topologies ; we propose sparse neural network architectures that are based on random or structured bipartite graph topologies . sparse architectures provide compression of the models learned and speed - ups of computations , they can also surpass their unstructured or fully connected counterparts . as we show , even more compact topologies of the so - called snn ( sparse neural network ) can be achieved with the use of structured graphs of connections between consecutive layers of neurons . in t ←
→ pac - bayesian supervised classification : the thermodynamics of statistical learning ; this monograph deals with adaptive supervised classification , using tools borrowed from statistical mechanics and information theory , stemming from the pacbayesian approach pioneered by david mcallester and applied to a conception of statistical learning theory forged by vladimir vapnik . using convex analysis on the set of posterior probability measures , we show how to get local measures of the complexity of the classific ←
→ symmetries and control in generative neural nets ; we study generative nets which can control and modify observations , after being trained on real - life datasets . in order to zoom - in on an object , some spatial , color and other attributes are learned by classifiers in specialized attention nets . in field - theoretical terms , these learned symmetry statistics form the gauge group of the data set . plugging them in the generative layers of auto - classifiers - encoders ( ace ) appears to be the most direct way to simult ←
→ near - ideal behavior of compressed sensing algorithms ; in a recent paper , it is shown that the lasso algorithm exhibits " near - ideal behavior ," in the following sense : suppose $ y = az + \ eta $ where $ a $ satisfies the restricted isometry property ( rip ) with a sufficiently small constant , and $\ vert \ eta \ vert_2 \ leq \ epsilon $. then minimizing $\ vert z \ vert_1 $ subject to $\ vert y - az \ vert_2 \ leq \ epsilon $ leads to an estimate $\ hat { x }$ whose error $\ vert \ hat { x } - x \ vert_2 $ is bounded by a universal constan ←
→ deepsign : deep learning for automatic malware signature generation and classification ; this paper presents a novel deep learning based method for automatic malware signature generation and classification . the method uses a deep belief network ( dbn ), implemented with a deep stack of denoising autoencoders , generating an invariant compact representation of the malware behavior . while conventional signature and token based methods for malware detection do not detect a majority of new variants for existing m ←
→ local area damage detection in composite structures using piezoelectric transducers ; an integrated and automated smart structures approach for structural health monitoring is presented , utilizing an array of piezoelectric transducers attached to or embedded within the structure for both actuation and sensing . the system actively interrogates the structure via broadband excitation of multiple actuators across a desired frequency range . the structure ' s vibration signature is then characterized by computing ←
→ uniform deviation bounds for unbounded loss functions like k - means ; uniform deviation bounds limit the difference between a model ' s expected loss and its loss on an empirical sample uniformly for all models in a learning problem . as such , they are a critical component to empirical risk minimization . in this paper , we provide a novel framework to obtain uniform deviation bounds for loss functions which are * unbounded *. in our main application , this allows us to obtain bounds for $ k $- means clustering under w ←
→ training support vector machines using frank - wolfe optimization methods ; training a support vector machine ( svm ) requires the solution of a quadratic programming problem ( qp ) whose computational complexity becomes prohibitively expensive for large scale datasets . traditional optimization methods cannot be directly applied in these cases , mainly due to memory restrictions . by adopting a slightly different objective function and under mild conditions on the kernel used within the model , efficient algorithm ←
→ wavelet time shift properties integration with support vector machines ; this paper presents a short evaluation about the integration of information derived from wavelet non - linear - time - invariant ( non - lti ) projection properties using support vector machines ( svm ). these properties may give additional information for a classifier trying to detect known patterns hidden by noise . in the experiments we present a simple electromagnetic pulsed signal recognition scheme , where some improvement is achieved with res ←
→ dynamic behavioral mixed - membership model for large evolving networks ; the majority of real - world networks are dynamic and extremely large ( e . g ., internet traffic , twitter , facebook , ...). to understand the structural behavior of nodes in these large dynamic networks , it may be necessary to model the dynamics of behavioral roles representing the main connectivity patterns over time . in this paper , we propose a dynamic behavioral mixed - membership model ( dbmm ) that captures the roles of nodes in the graph an ←
→ bayesian learning of kernel embeddings ; kernel methods are one of the mainstays of machine learning , but the problem of kernel learning remains challenging , with only a few heuristics and very little theory . this is of particular importance in methods based on estimation of kernel mean embeddings of probability measures . for characteristic kernels , which include most commonly used ones , the kernel mean embedding uniquely determines its probability measure , so it can be used to design a powerful statistical ←
→ robustness of classification ability of spiking neural networks ; it is well - known that the robustness of artificial neural networks ( anns ) is important for their wide ranges of applications . in this paper , we focus on the robustness of the classification ability of a spiking neural network which receives perturbed inputs . actually , the perturbation is allowed to be arbitrary styles . however , gaussian perturbation and other regular ones have been rarely investigated . for classification problems , the closer ←
→ computational role of eccentricity dependent cortical magnification ; we develop a sampling extension of m - theory focused on invariance to scale and translation . quite surprisingly , the theory predicts an architecture of early vision with increasing receptive field sizes and a high resolution fovea -- in agreement with data about the cortical magnification factor , v1 and the retina . from the slope of the inverse of the magnification factor , m - theory predicts a cortical " fovea " in v1 in the order of $ 40 $ by ←
→ a formal measure of machine intelligence ; a fundamental problem in artificial intelligence is that nobody really knows what intelligence is . the problem is especially acute when we need to consider artificial systems which are significantly different to humans . in this paper we approach this problem in the following way : we take a number of well known informal definitions of human intelligence that have been given by experts , and extract their essential features . these are then mathematically formalised to ←
→ comparing several heuristics for a packing problem ; packing problems are in general np - hard , even for simple cases . since now there are no highly efficient algorithms available for solving packing problems . the two - dimensional bin packing problem is about packing all given rectangular items , into a minimum size rectangular bin , without overlapping . the restriction is that the items cannot be rotated . the current paper is comparing a greedy algorithm with a hybrid genetic algorithm in order to see which tec ←
→ separable and non - separable data representation for pattern discrimination ; we provide a complete work - flow , based on the language of quantum information theory , suitable for processing data for the purpose of pattern recognition . the main advantage of the introduced scheme is that it can be easily implemented and applied to process real - world data using modest computation resources . at the same time it can be used to investigate the difference in the pattern recognition resulting from the utilization of ←
→ embedding word similarity with neural machine translation ; neural language models learn word representations , or embeddings , that capture rich linguistic and conceptual information . here we investigate the embeddings learned by neural machine translation models , a recently - developed class of neural language model . we show that embeddings from translation models outperform those learned by monolingual models at tasks that require knowledge of both conceptual similarity and lexical - syntactic role . we further ←
→ tractable generative convolutional arithmetic circuits ; casting neural networks in generative frameworks is a highly sought - after endeavor these days . existing methods , such as generative adversarial networks , capture some of the generative capabilities , but not all . to truly leverage the power of generative models , tractable marginalization is needed , a feature outside the realm of current methods . we present a generative model based on convolutional arithmetic circuits , a variant of convolutional network ←
→ file transfer application for sharing femto access ; in wireless access network optimization , today ' s main challenges reside in traffic offload and in the improvement of both capacity and coverage networks . the operators are interested in solving their localized coverage and capacity problems in areas where the macro network signal is not able to serve the demand for mobile data . thus , the major issue for operators is to find the best solution at reasonable expanses . the femto cell seems to be the answer to ←
→ historical document image segmentation with lda - initialized deep neural networks ; in this paper , we present a novel approach to perform deep neural networks layer - wise weight initialization using linear discriminant analysis ( lda ). typically , the weights of a deep neural network are initialized with : random values , greedy layer - wise pre - training ( usually as deep belief network or as auto - encoder ) or by re - using the layers from another network ( transfer learning ). hence , many training epochs are needed be ←
→ polyglot semantic parsing in apis ; traditional approaches to semantic parsing ( sp ) work by training individual models for each available parallel dataset of text - meaning pairs . in this paper , we explore the idea of polyglot semantic translation , or learning semantic parsing models that are trained on multiple datasets and natural languages . in particular , we focus on translating text to code signature representations using the software component datasets of richardson and kuhn ( 2017a , b ). the advantage of s ←
→ beat - event detection in action movie franchises ; while important advances were recently made towards temporally localizing and recognizing specific human actions or activities in videos , efficient detection and classification of long video chunks belonging to semantically defined categories such as " pursuit " or " romance " remains challenging . we introduce a new dataset , action movie franchises , consisting of a collection of hollywood action movie franchises . we define 11 non - exclusive semantic categories - c ←
→ decoupled learning of environment characteristics for safe exploration ; reinforcement learning is a proven technique for an agent to learn a task . however , when learning a task using reinforcement learning , the agent cannot distinguish the characteristics of the environment from those of the task . this makes it harder to transfer skills between tasks in the same environment . furthermore , this does not reduce risk when training for a new task . in this paper , we introduce an approach to decouple the environm ←
→ a dataset and architecture for visual reasoning with a working memory ; a vexing problem in artificial intelligence is reasoning about events that occur in complex , changing visual stimuli such as in video analysis or game play . inspired by a rich tradition of visual reasoning and memory in cognitive psychology and neuroscience , we developed an artificial , configurable visual question and answer dataset ( cog ) to parallel experiments in humans and animals . cog is much simpler than the general problem of vide ←
→ rotational rectification network : enabling pedestrian detection for mobile vision ; across a majority of pedestrian detection datasets , it is typically assumed that pedestrians will be standing upright with respect to the image coordinate system . this assumption , however , is not always valid for many vision - equipped mobile platforms such as mobile phones , uavs or construction vehicles on rugged terrain . in these situations , the motion of the camera can cause images of pedestrians to be captured at extreme ←
→ visual features for context - aware speech recognition ; automatic transcriptions of consumer - generated multi - media content such as " youtube " videos still exhibit high word error rates . such data typically occupies a very broad domain , has been recorded in challenging conditions , with cheap hardware and a focus on the visual modality , and may have been post - processed or edited . in this paper , we extend our earlier work on adapting the acoustic model of a dnn - based speech recognition system to an rnn language ←
→ inside - outside net : detecting objects in context with skip pooling and recurrent neural networks ; it is well known that contextual and multi - scale representations are important for accurate visual recognition . in this paper we present the inside - outside net ( ion ), an object detector that exploits information both inside and outside the region of interest . contextual information outside the region of interest is integrated using spatial recurrent neural networks . inside , we use skip pooling to extract inf ←
→ unlabeled data for morphological generation with character - based sequence - to - sequence models ; we present a semi - supervised way of training a character - based encoder - decoder recurrent neural network for morphological reinflection , the task of generating one inflected word form from another . this is achieved by using unlabeled tokens or random strings as training data for an autoencoding task , adapting a network for morphological reinflection , and performing multi - task training . we thus use limited labeled ←
→ a collaborative computer aided diagnosis ( c - cad ) system with eye - tracking , sparse attentional model , and deep learning ; there are at least two categories of errors in radiology screening that can lead to suboptimal diagnostic decisions and interventions :( i ) human fallibility and ( ii ) complexity of visual search . computer aided diagnostic ( cad ) tools are developed to help radiologists to compensate for some of these errors . however , despite their significant improvements over conventional screening strategi ←
→ happiness pursuit : personality learning in a society of agents ; modeling personality is a challenging problem with applications spanning computer games , virtual assistants , online shopping and education . many techniques have been tried , ranging from neural networks to computational cognitive architectures . however , most approaches rely on examples with hand - crafted features and scenarios . here , we approach learning a personality by training agents using a deep q - network ( dqn ) model on rewards based on psyc ←
→ scenenet : understanding real world indoor scenes with synthetic data ; scene understanding is a prerequisite to many high level tasks for any automated intelligent machine operating in real world environments . recent attempts with supervised learning have shown promise in this direction but also highlighted the need for enormous quantity of supervised data --- performance increases in proportion to the amount of data used . however , this quickly becomes prohibitive when considering the manual labour needed t ←
→ modular belief updates and confusion about measures of certainty in artificial intelligence research ; over the last decade , there has been growing interest in the use or measures or change in belief for reasoning with uncertainty in artificial intelligence research . an important characteristic of several methodologies that reason with changes in belief or belief updates , is a property that we term modularity . we call updates that satisfy this property modular updates . whereas probabilistic measures of be ←
→ learning image relations with contrast association networks ; inferring the relations between two images is an important class of tasks in computer vision . examples of such tasks include computing optical flow and stereo disparity . we treat the relation inference tasks as a machine learning problem and tackle it with neural networks . a key to the problem is learning a representation of relations . we propose a new neural network module , contrast association unit ( cau ), which explicitly models the relations b ←
→ opportunities & challenges in automatic speech recognition ; automatic speech recognition enables a wide range of current and emerging applications such as automatic transcription , multimedia content analysis , and natural human - computer interfaces . this paper provides a glimpse of the opportunities and challenges that parallelism provides for automatic speech recognition and related application research from the point of view of speech researchers . the increasing parallelism in computing platforms opens thr ←
→ translating phrases in neural machine translation ; phrases play an important role in natural language understanding and machine translation ( sag et al ., 2002 ; villavicencio et al ., 2005 ). however , it is difficult to integrate them into current neural machine translation ( nmt ) which reads and generates sentences word by word . in this work , we propose a method to translate phrases in nmt by integrating a phrase memory storing target phrases from a phrase - based statistical machine translation ( smt ) system int ←
→ visual chunking : a list prediction framework for region - based object detection ; we consider detecting objects in an image by iteratively selecting from a set of arbitrarily shaped candidate regions . our generic approach , which we term visual chunking , reasons about the locations of multiple object instances in an image while expressively describing object boundaries . we design an optimization criterion for measuring the performance of a list of such detections as a natural extension to a common per - insta ←
→ robust subspace clustering via smoothed rank approximation ; matrix rank minimizing subject to affine constraints arises in many application areas , ranging from signal processing to machine learning . nuclear norm is a convex relaxation for this problem which can recover the rank exactly under some restricted and theoretically interesting conditions . however , for many real - world applications , nuclear norm approximation to the rank function can only produce a result far from the optimum . to seek a solution of ←
→ measuring an artificial intelligence system ' s performance on a verbal iq test for young children ; we administered the verbal iq ( viq ) part of the wechsler preschool and primary scale of intelligence ( wppsi - iii ) to the conceptnet 4 ai system . the test questions ( e . g ., " why do we shake hands ?") were translated into conceptnet 4 inputs using a combination of the simple natural language processing tools that come with conceptnet together with short python programs that we wrote . the question answering used a ←
→ hierarchical actor - critic ; the ability to learn at different resolutions in time may help overcome one of the main challenges in deep reinforcement learning -- sample efficiency . hierarchical agents that operate at different levels of temporal abstraction can learn tasks more quickly because they can divide the work of learning behaviors among multiple policies and can also explore the environment at a higher level . in this paper , we present a novel approach to hierarchical reinforcement learning called hi ←
→ hierarchical gated recurrent neural tensor network for answer triggering ; in this paper , we focus on the problem of answer triggering ad - dressed by yang et al . ( 2015 ), which is a critical component for a real - world question answering system . we employ a hierarchical gated recurrent neural tensor ( hgrnt ) model to capture both the context information and the deep in - teractions between the candidate answers and the question . our result on f val - ue achieves 42 . 6 %, which surpasses the baseline by over 10 %.←
→ bi - objective optimization for robust rgb - d visual odometry ; this paper considers a new bi - objective optimization formulation for robust rgb - d visual odometry . we investigate two methods for solving the proposed bi - objective optimization problem : the weighted sum method ( in which the objective functions are combined into a single objective function ) and the bounded objective method ( in which one of the objective functions is optimized and the value of the other objective function is bounded via a constraint ←
→ an improved search algorithm for optimal multiple - sequence alignment ; multiple sequence alignment ( msa ) is a ubiquitous problem in computational biology . although it is np - hard to find an optimal solution for an arbitrary number of sequences , due to the importance of this problem researchers are trying to push the limits of exact algorithms further . since msa can be cast as a classical path finding problem , it is attracting a growing number of ai researchers interested in heuristic search algorithms as a c ←
→ gender - from - iris or gender - from - mascara ? ; predicting a person ' s gender based on the iris texture has been explored by several researchers . this paper considers several dimensions of experimental work on this problem , including person - disjoint train and test , and the effect of cosmetics on eyelash occlusion and imperfect segmentation . we also consider the use of multi - layer perceptron and convolutional neural networks as classifiers , comparing the use of data - driven and hand - crafted features . our results su ←
→ multi - object reasoning with constrained goal models ; goal models have been widely used in computer science to represent software requirements , business objectives , and design qualities . existing goal modelling techniques , however , have shown limitations of expressiveness and / or tractability in coping with complex real - world problems . in this work , we exploit advances in automated reasoning technologies , notably satisfiability and optimization modulo theories ( smt / omt ), and we propose and formalize : ( i ) an ←
→ online crowdsourcing ; with the success of modern internet based platform , such as amazon mechanical turk , it is now normal to collect a large number of hand labeled samples from non - experts . the dawid - skene algorithm , which is based on expectation - maximization update , has been widely used for inferring the true labels from noisy crowdsourced labels . however , dawid - skene scheme requires all the data to perform each em iteration , and can be infeasible for streaming data or large scale data . in this paper , ←
→ memory constraint online multitask classification ; we investigate online kernel algorithms which simultaneously process multiple classification tasks while a fixed constraint is imposed on the size of their active sets . we focus in particular on the design of algorithms that can efficiently deal with problems where the number of tasks is extremely high and the task data are large scale . two new projection - based algorithms are introduced to efficiently tackle those issues while presenting different trade of ←
→ classification of fused images using radial basis function neural network for human face recognition ; here an efficient fusion technique for automatic face recognition has been presented . fusion of visual and thermal images has been done to take the advantages of thermal images as well as visual images . by employing fusion a new image can be obtained , which provides the most detailed , reliable , and discriminating information . in this method fused images are generated using visual and thermal face images ←
→$ k $- means : fighting against degeneracy in sequential monte carlo with an application to tracking ; for regular particle filter algorithm or sequential monte carlo ( smc ) methods , the initial weights are traditionally dependent on the proposed distribution , the posterior distribution at the current timestamp in the sampled sequence , and the target is the posterior distribution of the previous timestamp . this is technically correct , but leads to algorithms which usually have practical issues with degeneracy ,←
→ learning word representations from relational graphs ; attributes of words and relations between two words are central to numerous tasks in artificial intelligence such as knowledge representation , similarity measurement , and analogy detection . often when two words share one or more attributes in common , they are connected by some semantic relations . on the other hand , if there are numerous semantic relations between two words , we can expect some of the attributes of one of the words to be inherited by the ←
→ incremental minimax optimization based fuzzy clustering for large multi - view data ; incremental clustering approaches have been proposed for handling large data when given data set is too large to be stored . the key idea of these approaches is to find representatives to represent each cluster in each data chunk and final data analysis is carried out based on those identified representatives from all the chunks . however , most of the incremental approaches are used for single view data . as large multi - view ←
→ the role of semantics in mining frequent patterns from knowledge bases in description logics with rules ; we propose a new method for mining frequent patterns in a language that combines both semantic web ontologies and rules . in particular we consider the setting of using a language that combines description logics with dl - safe rules . this setting is important for the practical application of data mining to the semantic web . we focus on the relation of the semantics of the representation formalism to the ←
→ local variation as a statistical hypothesis test ; the goal of image oversegmentation is to divide an image into several pieces , each of which should ideally be part of an object . one of the simplest and yet most effective oversegmentation algorithms is known as local variation ( lv ) ( felzenszwalb and huttenlocher 2004 ). in this work , we study this algorithm and show that algorithms similar to lv can be devised by applying different statistical models and decisions , thus providing further theoretical justifi ←
→ overcoming the vanishing gradient problem in plain recurrent networks ; plain recurrent networks greatly suffer from the vanishing gradient problem while gated neural networks ( gnns ) such as long - short term memory ( lstm ) and gated recurrent unit ( gru ) deliver promising results in many sequence learning tasks through sophisticated network designs . this paper shows how we can address this problem in a plain recurrent network by analyzing the gating mechanisms in gnns . we propose a novel network called the rec ←
→ semi - supervised learning with gans : manifold invariance with improved inference ; semi - supervised learning methods using generative adversarial networks ( gans ) have shown promising empirical success recently . most of these methods use a shared discriminator / classifier which discriminates real examples from fake while also predicting the class label . motivated by the ability of the gans generator to capture the data manifold well , we propose to estimate the tangent space to the data manifold using gans and ←
→ a drifting - games analysis for online learning and applications to boosting ; we provide a general mechanism to design online learning algorithms based on a minimax analysis within a drifting - games framework . different online learning settings ( hedge , multi - armed bandit problems and online convex optimization ) are studied by converting into various kinds of drifting games . the original minimax analysis for drifting games is then used and generalized by applying a series of relaxations , starting from choosi ←
→ strongly hierarchical factorization machines and anova kernel regression ; high - order parametric models that include terms for feature interactions are applied to various data mining tasks , where ground truth depends on interactions of features . however , with sparse data , the high - dimensional parameters for feature interactions often face three issues : expensive computation , difficulty in parameter estimation and lack of structure . previous work has proposed approaches which can partially re - solve the thr ←
→ likelihood estimation for generative adversarial networks ; we present a simple method for assessing the quality of generated images in generative adversarial networks ( gans ). the method can be applied in any kind of gan without interfering with the learning procedure or affecting the learning objective . the central idea is to define a likelihood function that correlates with the quality of the generated images . in particular , we derive a gaussian likelihood function from the distribution of the embeddings ←
→ deep learning - based assessment of tumor - associated stroma for diagnosing breast cancer in histopathology images ; diagnosis of breast carcinomas has so far been limited to the morphological interpretation of epithelial cells and the assessment of epithelial tissue architecture . consequently , most of the automated systems have focused on characterizing the epithelial regions of the breast to detect cancer . in this paper , we propose a system for classification of hematoxylin and eosin ( h & e ) stained breast s ←
→ a data management approach for dataset selection using human computation ; as the number of applications that use machine learning algorithms increases , the need for labeled data useful for training such algorithms intensifies . getting labels typically involves employing humans to do the annotation , which directly translates to training and working costs . crowdsourcing platforms have made labeling cheaper and faster , but they still involve significant costs , especially for the cases where the potential se ←
→ linguistic markers of influence in informal interactions ; there has been a long standing interest in understanding ` social influence ' both in social sciences and in computational linguistics . in this paper , we present a novel approach to study and measure interpersonal influence in daily interactions . motivated by the basic principles of influence , we attempt to identify indicative linguistic features of the posts in an online knitting community . we present the scheme used to operationalize and label the p ←
→ efficient exact gradient update for training deep networks with very large sparse targets ; an important class of problems involves training deep neural networks with sparse prediction targets of very high dimension d . these occur naturally in e . g . neural language models or the learning of word - embeddings , often posed as predicting the probability of next words among a vocabulary of size d ( e . g . 200 000 ). computing the equally large , but typically non - sparse d - dimensional output vector from a last hidden ←
→ near - optimal target learning with stochastic binary signals ; we study learning in a noisy bisection model : specifically , bayesian algorithms to learn a target value v given access only to noisy realizations of whether v is less than or greater than a threshold theta . at step t = 0 , 1 , 2 , ..., the learner sets threshold theta t and observes a noisy realization of sign ( v - theta t ). after t steps , the goal is to output an estimate v ^ which is within an eta - tolerance of v . this problem has been studied , pred ←
→ exploiting unlabeled data for neural grammatical error detection ; identifying and correcting grammatical errors in the text written by non - native writers has received increasing attention in recent years . although a number of annotated corpora have been established to facilitate data - driven grammatical error detection and correction approaches , they are still limited in terms of quantity and coverage because human annotation is labor - intensive , time - consuming , and expensive . in this work , we propose to uti ←
→ bank distress in the news : describing events through deep learning ; while many models are purposed for detecting the occurrence of significant events in financial systems , the task of providing qualitative detail on the developments is not usually as well automated . we present a deep learning approach for detecting relevant discussion in text and extracting natural language descriptions of events . supervised by only a small set of event information , comprising entity names and dates , the model is leveraged ←
→ stacked what - where auto - encoders ; we present a novel architecture , the " stacked what - where auto - encoders " ( swwae ), which integrates discriminative and generative pathways and provides a unified approach to supervised , semi - supervised and unsupervised learning without relying on sampling during training . an instantiation of swwae uses a convolutional net ( convnet ) ( lecun et al . ( 1998 )) to encode the input , and employs a deconvolutional net ( deconvnet ) ( zeiler et al . ( 2010 )) to produce the reconstruction . th ←
→ convolutional recurrent neural networks for music classification ; we introduce a convolutional recurrent neural network ( crnn ) for music tagging . crnns take advantage of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for local feature extraction and recurrent neural networks for temporal summarisation of the extracted features . we compare crnn with three cnn structures that have been used for music tagging while controlling the number of parameters with respect to their performance and training time per sample . over ←
→ e - valuate : a two - player game on arithmetic expressions -- an update ; e - valuate is a game on arithmetic expressions . the players have contrasting roles of maximizing and minimizing the given expression . the maximizer proposes values and the minimizer substitutes them for variables of his choice . when the expression is fully instantiated , its value is compared with a certain minimax value that would result if the players played to their optimal strategies . the winner is declared based on this comparison . w ←
→ dirichlet process mixtures of generalized linear models ; we propose dirichlet process mixtures of generalized linear models ( dp - glm ), a new method of nonparametric regression that accommodates continuous and categorical inputs , and responses that can be modeled by a generalized linear model . we prove conditions for the asymptotic unbiasedness of the dp - glm regression mean function estimate . we also give examples for when those conditions hold , including models for compactly supported continuous distributio ←
→ close yet distinctive domain adaptation ; domain adaptation is transfer learning which aims to generalize a learning model across training and testing data with different distributions . most previous research tackle this problem in seeking a shared feature representation between source and target domains while reducing the mismatch of their data distributions . in this paper , we propose a close yet discriminative domain adaptation method , namely cdda , which generates a latent feature representation with two ←
→ learning to maintain natural image statistics ; maintaining natural image statistics is a crucial factor in restoration and generation of realistic looking images . when training cnns , photorealism is usually attempted by adversarial training ( gan ), that pushes the output images to lie on the manifold of natural images . gans are very powerful , but not perfect . they are hard to train and the results still often suffer from artifacts . in this paper we propose a complementary approach , whose goal is to train a ←
→ talking drums : generating drum grooves with neural networks ; presented is a method of generating a full drum kit part for a provided kick - drum sequence . a sequence to sequence neural network model used in natural language translation was adopted to encode multiple musical styles and an online survey was developed to test different techniques for sampling the output of the softmax function . the strongest results were found using a sampling technique that drew from the three most probable outputs at each sub ←
→ fast generation for convolutional autoregressive models ; convolutional autoregressive models have recently demonstrated state - of - the - art performance on a number of generation tasks . while fast , parallel training methods have been crucial for their success , generation is typically implemented in a na \"{ i } ve fashion where redundant computations are unnecessarily repeated . this results in slow generation , making such models infeasible for production environments . in this work , we describe a method to speed up ←
→ konzept für bildanalysen in hochdurchsatz - systemen am beispiel des zebrabärblings ; with image - based high - throughput experiments , new challenges arise in both , the design of experiments and the automated analysis . to be able to handle the massive number of single experiments and the corresponding amount of data , a comprehensive concept for the design of experiments and a new evaluation method is needed . this work proposes a new method for an optimized experiment layout that enables the determination of pa ←
→ non - linear motor control by local learning in spiking neural networks ; learning weights in a spiking neural network with hidden neurons , using local , stable and online rules , to control non - linear body dynamics is an open problem . here , we employ a supervised scheme , feedback - based online local learning of weights ( follow ), to train a network of heterogeneous spiking neurons with hidden layers , to control a two - link arm so as to reproduce a desired state trajectory . the network first learns an inverse mode ←
→ cakewalk sampling ; combinatorial optimization is a common theme in computer science which underlies a considerable variety of problems . in contrast to the continuous setting , combinatorial problems require special solution strategies , and it ' s hard to come by generic schemes like gradient methods for continuous domains . we follow a standard construction of a parametric sampling distribution that transforms the problem to the continuous domain , allowing us to optimize the expectation of a given objective us ←
→ fair task allocation in transportation ; task allocation problems have traditionally focused on cost optimization . however , more and more attention is being given to cases in which cost should not always be the sole or major consideration . in this paper we study a fair task allocation problem in transportation where an optimal allocation not only has low cost but more importantly , it distributes tasks as even as possible among heterogeneous participants who have different capacities and costs to execute tas ←
→ multiple moving object recognitions in video based on log gabor - pca approach ; object recognition in the video sequence or images is one of the sub - field of computer vision . moving object recognition from a video sequence is an appealing topic with applications in various areas such as airport safety , intrusion surveillance , video monitoring , intelligent highway , etc . moving object recognition is the most challenging task in intelligent video surveillance system . in this regard , many techniques have been ←
→ learning representations for counterfactual inference ; observational studies are rising in importance due to the widespread accumulation of data in fields such as healthcare , education , employment and ecology . we consider the task of answering counterfactual questions such as , " would this patient have lower blood sugar had she received a different medication ?". we propose a new algorithmic framework for counterfactual inference which brings together ideas from domain adaptation and representation learning .←
→ identification of strong edges in amp chain graphs ; the essential graph is a distinguished member of a markov equivalence class of amp chain graphs . however , the directed edges in the essential graph are not necessarily strong or invariant , i . e . they may not be shared by every member of the equivalence class . likewise for the undirected edges . in this paper , we develop a procedure for identifying which edges in an essential graph are strong . we also show how this makes it possible to bound some causal effe ←
→ construction of non - convex polynomial loss functions for training a binary classifier with quantum annealing ; quantum annealing is a heuristic quantum algorithm which exploits quantum resources to minimize an objective function embedded as the energy levels of a programmable physical system . to take advantage of a potential quantum advantage , one needs to be able to map the problem of interest to the native hardware with reasonably low overhead . because experimental considerations constrain our objective ←
→ state transition algorithm ; in terms of the concepts of state and state transition , a new heuristic random search algorithm named state transition algorithm is proposed . for continuous function optimization problems , four special transformation operators called rotation , translation , expansion and axesion are designed . adjusting measures of the transformations are mainly studied to keep the balance of exploration and exploitation . convergence analysis is also discussed about the algorithm based on random s ←
→ sliding line point regression for shape robust scene text detection ; traditional text detection methods mostly focus on quadrangle text . in this study we propose a novel method named sliding line point regression ( slpr ) in order to detect arbitrary - shape text in natural scene . slpr regresses multiple points on the edge of text line and then utilizes these points to sketch the outlines of the text . the proposed slpr can be adapted to many object detection architectures such as faster r - cnn and r - fcn . specif ←
→ is the k - nn classifier in high dimensions affected by the curse of dimensionality ? ; there is an increasing body of evidence suggesting that exact nearest neighbour search in high - dimensional spaces is affected by the curse of dimensionality at a fundamental level . does it necessarily mean that the same is true for k nearest neighbours based learning algorithms such as the k - nn classifier ? we analyse this question at a number of levels and show that the answer is different at each of them . as our first ma ←
→ knowledge sources for word sense disambiguation ; two kinds of systems have been defined during the long history of wsd : principled systems that define which knowledge types are useful for wsd , and robust systems that use the information sources at hand , such as , dictionaries , light - weight ontologies or hand - tagged corpora . this paper tries to systematize the relation between desired knowledge types and actual information sources . we also compare the results for a wide range of algorithms that have been eva ←
→ high - accuracy low - precision training ; low - precision computation is often used to lower the time and energy cost of machine learning , and recently hardware accelerators have been developed to support it . still , it has been used primarily for inference - not training . previous low - precision training algorithms suffered from a fundamental tradeoff : as the number of bits of precision is lowered , quantization noise is added to the model , which limits statistical accuracy . to address this issue , we describe a si ←
→ bio - inspired unsupervised learning of visual features leads to robust invariant object recognition ; retinal image of surrounding objects varies tremendously due to the changes in position , size , pose , illumination condition , background context , occlusion , noise , and nonrigid deformations . but despite these huge variations , our visual system is able to invariantly recognize any object in just a fraction of a second . to date , various computational models have been proposed to mimic the hierarchical process ←
→ a heuristic method to generate better initial population for evolutionary methods ; initial population plays an important role in heuristic algorithms such as ga as it help to decrease the time those algorithms need to achieve an acceptable result . furthermore , it may influence the quality of the final answer given by evolutionary algorithms . in this paper , we shall introduce a heuristic method to generate a target based initial population which possess two mentioned characteristics . the efficiency of the ←
→ confident multiple choice learning ; ensemble methods are arguably the most trustworthy techniques for boosting the performance of machine learning models . popular independent ensembles ( ie ) relying on naive averaging / voting scheme have been of typical choice for most applications involving deep neural networks , but they do not consider advanced collaboration among ensemble models . in this paper , we propose new ensemble methods specialized for deep neural networks , called confident multiple choice learning ←
→ robust spatio - temporal signal recovery from noisy counts in social media ; many real - world phenomena can be represented by a spatio - temporal signal : where , when , and how much . social media is a tantalizing data source for those who wish to monitor such signals . unlike most prior work , we assume that the target phenomenon is known and we are given a method to count its occurrences in social media . however , counting is plagued by sample bias , incomplete data , and , paradoxically , data scarcity -- issues inadeq ←
→ generative adversarial networks with inverse transformation unit ; in this paper we introduce a new structure to generative adversarial networks by adding an inverse transformation unit behind the generator . we present two theorems to claim the convergence of the model , and two conjectures to nonideal situations when the transformation is not bijection . a general survey on models with different transformations was done on the mnist dataset and the fashion - mnist dataset , which shows the transformation does n ←
→ bandit convex optimization : sqrt { t } regret in one dimension ; we analyze the minimax regret of the adversarial bandit convex optimization problem . focusing on the one - dimensional case , we prove that the minimax regret is $\ widetilde \ theta (\ sqrt { t })$ and partially resolve a decade - old open problem . our analysis is non - constructive , as we do not present a concrete algorithm that attains this regret rate . instead , we use minimax duality to reduce the problem to a bayesian setting , where the convex loss functio ←
→ recognizing involuntary actions from 3d skeleton data using body states ; human action recognition has been one of the most active fields of research in computer vision for last years . two dimensional action recognition methods are facing serious challenges such as occlusion and missing the third dimension of data . development of depth sensors has made it feasible to track positions of human body joints over time . this paper proposes a novel method of action recognition which uses temporal 3d skeletal kinec ←
→ challenges in disentangling independent factors of variation ; we study the problem of building models that disentangle independent factors of variation . such models could be used to encode features that can efficiently be used for classification and to transfer attributes between different images in image synthesis . as data we use a weakly labeled training set . our weak labels indicate what single factor has changed between two data samples , although the relative value of the change is unknown . this labeli ←
→ unsupervised learning of sentence embeddings using compositional n - gram features ; the recent tremendous success of unsupervised word embeddings in a multitude of applications raises the obvious question if similar methods could be derived to improve embeddings ( i . e . semantic representations ) of word sequences as well . we present a simple but efficient unsupervised objective to train distributed representations of sentences . our method outperforms the state - of - the - art unsupervised models on most benchmark ←
→ optimal parameter choices through self - adjustment : applying the 1 / 5 - th rule in discrete settings ; while evolutionary algorithms are known to be very successful for a broad range of applications , the algorithm designer is often left with many algorithmic choices , for example , the size of the population , the mutation rates , and the crossover rates of the algorithm . these parameters are known to have a crucial influence on the optimization time , and thus need to be chosen carefully , a task that often requir ←
→ a generic approach for escaping saddle points ; a central challenge to using first - order methods for optimizing nonconvex problems is the presence of saddle points . first - order methods often get stuck at saddle points , greatly deteriorating their performance . typically , to escape from saddles one has to use second - order methods . however , most works on second - order methods rely extensively on expensive hessian - based computations , making them impractical in large - scale settings . to tackle this challenge , we i ←
→ metatheory of actions : beyond consistency ; consistency check has been the only criterion for theory evaluation in logic - based approaches to reasoning about actions . this work goes beyond that and contributes to the metatheory of actions by investigating what other properties a good domain description in reasoning about actions should have . we state some metatheoretical postulates concerning this sore spot . when all postulates are satisfied together we have a modular action theory . besides being easier to u ←
→ effectiveness and limitations of statistical spam filters ; in this paper we discuss the techniques involved in the design of the famous statistical spam filters that include naive bayes , term frequency - inverse document frequency , k - nearest neighbor , support vector machine , and bayes additive regression tree . we compare these techniques with each other in terms of accuracy , recall , precision , etc . further , we discuss the effectiveness and limitations of statistical filters in filtering out various types of ←
→ foundations of the pareto iterated local search metaheuristic ; the paper describes the proposition and application of a local search metaheuristic for multi - objective optimization problems . it is based on two main principles of heuristic search , intensification through variable neighborhoods , and diversification through perturbations and successive iterations in favorable regions of the search space . the concept is successfully tested on permutation flow shop scheduling problems under multiple objectives . ←
→ dynamic jointrees ; it is well known that one can ignore parts of a belief network when computing answers to certain probabilistic queries . it is also well known that the ignorable parts ( if any ) depend on the specific query of interest and , therefore , may change as the query changes . algorithms based on jointrees , however , do not seem to take computational advantage of these facts given that they typically construct jointrees for worst - case queries ; that is , queries for which every part of the belief netwo ←
→ top - k query answering in datalog +/- ontologies under subjective reports ( technical report ) ; the use of preferences in query answering , both in traditional databases and in ontology - based data access , has recently received much attention , due to its many real - world applications . in this paper , we tackle the problem of top - k query answering in datalog +/- ontologies subject to the querying user ' s preferences and a collection of ( subjective ) reports of other users . here , each report consists of scores for a ←
→ approximating map using local search ; map is the problem of finding a most probable instantiation of a set of variables in a bayesian network , given evidence . unlike computing marginals , posteriors , and mpe ( a special case of map ), the time and space complexity of map is not only exponential in the network treewidth , but also in a larger parameter known as the " constrained " treewidth . in practice , this means that computing map can be orders of magnitude more expensive than computingposteriors or mpe . thus ,←
→ joint online spoken language understanding and language modeling with recurrent neural networks ; speaker intent detection and semantic slot filling are two critical tasks in spoken language understanding ( slu ) for dialogue systems . in this paper , we describe a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) model that jointly performs intent detection , slot filling , and language modeling . the neural network model keeps updating the intent estimation as word in the transcribed utterance arrives and uses it as contextual f ←
→ transductive ordinal regression ; ordinal regression is commonly formulated as a multi - class problem with ordinal constraints . the challenge of designing accurate classifiers for ordinal regression generally increases with the number of classes involved , due to the large number of labeled patterns that are needed . the availability of ordinal class labels , however , is often costly to calibrate or difficult to obtain . unlabeled patterns , on the other hand , often exist in much greater abundance and are freely ←
→ square - cut : a segmentation algorithm on the basis of a rectangle shape ; we present a rectangle - based segmentation algorithm that sets up a graph and performs a graph cut to separate an object from the background . however , graph - based algorithms distribute the graph ' s nodes uniformly and equidistantly on the image . then , a smoothness term is added to force the cut to prefer a particular shape . this strategy does not allow the cut to prefer a certain structure , especially when areas of the object are indisti ←
→ intelligent systems : architectures and perspectives ; the integration of different learning and adaptation techniques to overcome individual limitations and to achieve synergetic effects through the hybridization or fusion of these techniques has , in recent years , contributed to a large number of new intelligent system designs . computational intelligence is an innovative framework for constructing intelligent hybrid architectures involving neural networks ( nn ), fuzzy inference systems ( fis ), probabilistic r ←
→ measuring conflict in a multi - source environment as a normal measure ; in a multi - source environment , each source has its own credibility . if there is no external knowledge about credibility then we can use the information provided by the sources to assess their credibility . in this paper , we propose a way to measure conflict in a multi - source environment as a normal measure . we examine our algorithm using three simulated examples of increasing conflict and one experimental example . the results demonstrate ←
→ microstrip coupler design using bat algorithm ; evolutionary and swarm algorithms have found many applications in design problems since todays computing power enables these algorithms to find solutions to complicated design problems very fast . newly proposed hybrid algorithm , bat algorithm , has been applied for the design of microwave microstrip couplers for the first time . simulation results indicate that the bat algorithm is a very fast algorithm and it produces very reliable results .←
→ revolvable indoor panoramas using a rectified azimuthal projection ; we present an algorithm for converting an indoor spherical panorama into a photograph with a simulated overhead view . the resulting image will have an extremely wide field of view covering up to 4 {\ pi } steradians of the spherical panorama . we argue that our method complements the stereographic projection commonly used in the " little planet " effect . the stereographic projection works well in creating little planets of outdoor scenes ; wherea ←
→ expectation - propagation for likelihood - free inference ; many models of interest in the natural and social sciences have no closed - form likelihood function , which means that they cannot be treated using the usual techniques of statistical inference . in the case where such models can be efficiently simulated , bayesian inference is still possible thanks to the approximate bayesian computation ( abc ) algorithm . although many refinements have been suggested , abc inference is still far from routine . abc is often e ←
→ lage : a java framework to reconstruct gene regulatory networks from large - scale continues expression data ; lage is a systematic framework developed in java . the motivation of lage is to provide a scalable and parallel solution to reconstruct gene regulatory networks ( grns ) from continuous gene expression data for very large amount of genes . the basic idea of our framework is motivated by the philosophy of divideand - conquer . specifically , lage recursively partitions genes into multiple overlapping communi ←
→ uniform transformation of non - separable probability distributions ; a theoretical framework is developed to describe the transformation that distributes probability density functions uniformly over space . in one dimension , the cumulative distribution can be used , but does not generalize to higher dimensions , or non - separable distributions . a potential function is shown to link probability density functions to their transformation , and to generalize the cumulative . a numerical method is developed to compute ←
→ sample complexity analysis for learning overcomplete latent variable models through tensor methods ; we provide guarantees for learning latent variable models emphasizing on the overcomplete regime , where the dimensionality of the latent space can exceed the observed dimensionality . in particular , we consider multiview mixtures , spherical gaussian mixtures , ica , and sparse coding models . we provide tight concentration bounds for empirical moments through novel covering arguments . we analyze parameter reco ←
→ developing a new approach for arabic morphological analysis and generation ; arabic morphological analysis is one of the essential stages in arabic natural language processing . in this paper we present an approach for arabic morphological analysis . this approach is based on arabic morphological automaton ( amaut ). the proposed technique uses a morphological database realized using xmodel language . arabic morphology represents a special type of morphological systems because it is based on the concept of sch ←
→ an improved quasar detection method in eros - 2 and macho lmc datasets ; we present a new classification method for quasar identification in the eros - 2 and macho datasets based on a boosted version of random forest classifier . we use a set of variability features including parameters of a continuous auto regressive model . we prove that continuous auto regressive parameters are very important discriminators in the classification process . we create two training sets ( one for eros - 2 and one for macho datasets ) u ←
→ understanding sampling style adversarial search methods ; uct has recently emerged as an exciting new adversarial reasoning technique based on cleverly balancing exploration and exploitation in a monte - carlo sampling setting . it has been particularly successful in the game of go but the reasons for its success are not well understood and attempts to replicate its success in other domains such as chess have failed . we provide an in - depth analysis of the potential of uct in domain - independent settings , in cas ←
→ listen , attend and spell ; we present listen , attend and spell ( las ), a neural network that learns to transcribe speech utterances to characters . unlike traditional dnn - hmm models , this model learns all the components of a speech recognizer jointly . our system has two components : a listener and a speller . the listener is a pyramidal recurrent network encoder that accepts filter bank spectra as inputs . the speller is an attention - based recurrent network decoder that emits characters as outputs . the network p ←
→ extracting noun phrases from large - scale texts : a hybrid approach and its automatic evaluation ; to acquire noun phrases from running texts is useful for many applications , such as word grouping , terminology indexing , etc . the reported literatures adopt pure probabilistic approach , or pure rule - based noun phrases grammar to tackle this problem . in this paper , we apply a probabilistic chunker to deciding the implicit boundaries of constituents and utilize the linguistic knowledge to extract the noun phrases ←
→ a parallel - hierarchical model for machine comprehension on sparse data ; understanding unstructured text is a major goal within natural language processing . comprehension tests pose questions based on short text passages to evaluate such understanding . in this work , we investigate machine comprehension on the challenging {\ it mctest } benchmark . partly because of its limited size , prior work on {\ it mctest } has focused mainly on engineering better features . we tackle the dataset with a neural approach , harne ←
→ a probabilistic transmission expansion planning methodology based on roulette wheel selection and social welfare ; a new probabilistic methodology for transmission expansion planning ( tep ) that does not require a priori specification of new / additional transmission capacities and uses the concept of social welfare has been proposed . two new concepts have been introduced in this paper : ( i ) roulette wheel methodology has been used to calculate the capacity of new transmission lines and ( ii ) load flow analysi ←
→ classification of breast cancer histology using deep learning ; breast cancer is a major cause of death worldwide among women . hematoxylin and eosin ( h & e ) stained breast tissue samples from biopsies are observed under microscopes for the primary diagnosis of breast cancer . in this paper , we propose a deep learning - based method for classification of h & e stained breast tissue images released for bach challenge 2018 by fine - tuning inception - v3 convolutional neural network ( cnn ) proposed by szegedy et al . these ←
→ a random matrix analysis and improvement of semi - supervised learning for large dimensional data ; this article provides an original understanding of the behavior of a class of graph - oriented semi - supervised learning algorithms in the limit of large and numerous data . it is demonstrated that the intuition at the root of these methods collapses in this limit and that , as a result , most of them become inconsistent . corrective measures and a new data - driven parametrization scheme are proposed along with a the ←
→ reconstructing self organizing maps as spider graphs for better visual interpretation of large unstructured datasets ; self - organizing maps ( som ) are popular unsupervised artificial neural network used to reduce dimensions and visualize data . visual interpretation from self - organizing maps ( som ) has been limited due to grid approach of data representation , which makes inter - scenario analysis impossible . the paper proposes a new way to structure som . this model reconstructs som to show strength between var ←
→ 3d face reconstruction with region based best fit blending using mobile phone for virtual reality based social media ; the use of virtual reality ( vr ) is exponentially increasing and due to that many researchers has started to work on developing new vr based social media . for this purpose it is important to have an avatar of the users which look like them to be easily generated by the devices which are accessible , such as mobile phone . in this paper , we propose a novel method of recreating a 3d human face ←
→ a fast fractal image compression algorithm using predefined values for contrast scaling ; in this paper a new fractal image compression algorithm is proposed in which the time of encoding process is considerably reduced . the algorithm exploits a domain pool reduction approach , along with using innovative predefined values for contrast scaling factor , s , instead of scanning the parameter space [ 0 , 1 ]. within this approach only domain blocks with entropies greater than a threshold are considered . as a novel ←
→ justificatory and explanatory argumentation for committing agents ; in the interaction between agents we can have an explicative discourse , when communicating preferences or intentions , and a normative discourse , when considering normative knowledge . for justifying their actions our agents are endowed with a justification and explanation logic ( jel ), capable to cover both the justification for their commitments and explanations why they had to act in that way , due to the current situation in the environment ←
→ adaqn : an adaptive quasi - newton algorithm for training rnns ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) are powerful models that achieve exceptional performance on several pattern recognition problems . however , the training of rnns is a computationally difficult task owing to the well - known " vanishing / exploding " gradient problem . algorithms proposed for training rnns either exploit no ( or limited ) curvature information and have cheap per - iteration complexity , or attempt to gain significant curvature information at t ←
→ predictive active set selection methods for gaussian processes ; we propose an active set selection framework for gaussian process classification for cases when the dataset is large enough to render its inference prohibitive . our scheme consists of a two step alternating procedure of active set update rules and hyperparameter optimization based upon marginal likelihood maximization . the active set update rules rely on the ability of the predictive distributions of a gaussian process classifier to estimate t ←
→ stackseq2seq : dual encoder seq2seq recurrent networks ; a widely studied non - deterministic polynomial time ( np ) hard problem lies in finding a route between the two nodes of a graph . often meta - heuristics algorithms such as $ a ^{*}$ are employed on graphs with a large number of nodes . here , we propose a deep recurrent neural network architecture based on the sequence - 2 - sequence ( seq2seq ) model , widely used , for instance in text translation . particularly , we illustrate that utilising a context vector that has ←
→ individual and domain adaptation in sentence planning for dialogue ; one of the biggest challenges in the development and deployment of spoken dialogue systems is the design of the spoken language generation module . this challenge arises from the need for the generator to adapt to many features of the dialogue domain , user population , and dialogue context . a promising approach is trainable generation , which uses general - purpose linguistic knowledge that is automatically adapted to the features of interest , ←
→ style memory : making a classifier network generative ; deep networks have shown great performance in classification tasks . however , the parameters learned by the classifier networks usually discard stylistic information of the input , in favour of information strictly relevant to classification . we introduce a network that has the capacity to do both classification and reconstruction by adding a " style memory " to the output layer of the network . we also show how to train such a neural network as a deep multi ←
→ player co - modelling in a strategy board game : discovering how to play fast ; in this paper we experiment with a 2 - player strategy board game where playing models are evolved using reinforcement learning and neural networks . the models are evolved to speed up automatic game development based on human involvement at varying levels of sophistication and density when compared to fully autonomous playing . the experimental results suggest a clear and measurable association between the ability to win games and t ←
→ efficient informative sensing using multiple robots ; the need for efficient monitoring of spatio - temporal dynamics in large environmental applications , such as the water quality monitoring in rivers and lakes , motivates the use of robotic sensors in order to achieve sufficient spatial coverage . typically , these robots have bounded resources , such as limited battery or limited amounts of time to obtain measurements . thus , careful coordination of their paths is required in order to maximize the amount of inf ←
→ comparison of multi - agent and single - agent inverse learning on a simulated soccer example ; we compare the performance of inverse reinforcement learning ( irl ) with the relative new model of multi - agent inverse reinforcement learning ( mirl ). before comparing the methods , we extend a published bayesian irl approach that is only applicable to the case where the reward is only state dependent to a general one capable of tackling the case where the reward depends on both state and action . comparison between ir ←
→ representation learning of drug and disease terms for drug repositioning ; drug repositioning ( dr ) refers to identification of novel indications for the approved drugs . the requirement of huge investment of time as well as money and risk of failure in clinical trials have led to surge in interest in drug repositioning . dr exploits two major aspects associated with drugs and diseases : existence of similarity among drugs and among diseases due to their shared involved genes or pathways or common biological ef ←
→ error correction in learning using svms ; this paper is concerned with learning binary classifiers under adversarial label - noise . we introduce the problem of error - correction in learning where the goal is to recover the original clean data from a label - manipulated version of it , given ( i ) no constraints on the adversary other than an upper - bound on the number of errors , and ( ii ) some regularity properties for the original data . we present a simple and practical error - correction algorithm called subsvms that ←
→ joint object category and 3d pose estimation from 2d images ; 2d object detection is the task of finding ( i ) what objects are present in an image and ( ii ) where they are located , while 3d pose estimation is the task of finding the pose of these objects in 3d space . state - of - the - art methods for solving these tasks follow a two - stage approach where a 3d pose estimation system is applied to bounding boxes ( with associated category labels ) returned by a 2d detection method . this paper addresses the task of join ←
→ a semantic space for modeling children ' s semantic memory ; the goal of this paper is to present a model of children ' s semantic memory , which is based on a corpus reproducing the kinds of texts children are exposed to . after presenting the literature in the development of the semantic memory , a preliminary french corpus of 3 . 2 million words is described . similarities in the resulting semantic space are compared to human data on four tests : association norms , vocabulary test , semantic judgments and memory tas ←
→ hierarchical multi - scale attention networks for action recognition ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) have been widely used in natural language processing and computer vision . among them , the hierarchical multi - scale rnn ( hm - rnn ), a kind of multi - scale hierarchical rnn proposed recently , can learn the hierarchical temporal structure from data automatically . in this paper , we extend the work to solve the computer vision task of action recognition . however , in sequence - to - sequence models like rnn , it is norma ←
→ mizar 40 for mizar 40 ; as a present to mizar on its 40th anniversary , we develop an ai / atp system that in 30 seconds of real time on a 14 - cpu machine automatically proves 40 % of the theorems in the latest official version of the mizar mathematical library ( mml ). this is a considerable improvement over previous performance of large - theory ai / atp methods measured on the whole mml . to achieve that , a large suite of ai / atp methods is employed and further developed . we implement the most useful methods efficie ←
→ hierarchical bag of paths for kernel based shape classification ; graph kernels methods are based on an implicit embedding of graphs within a vector space of large dimension . this implicit embedding allows to apply to graphs methods which where until recently solely reserved to numerical data . within the shape classification framework , graphs are often produced by a skeletonization step which is sensitive to noise . we propose in this paper to integrate the robustness to structural noise by using a kernel ba ←
→ disco nets : dissimilarity coefficient networks ; we present a new type of probabilistic model which we call dissimilarity coefficient networks ( disco nets ). disco nets allow us to efficiently sample from a posterior distribution parametrised by a neural network . during training , disco nets are learned by minimising the dissimilarity coefficient between the true distribution and the estimated distribution . this allows us to tailor the training to the loss related to the task at hand . we empirically show that ←
→ extractive text summarization using neural networks ; text summarization has been an extensively studied problem . traditional approaches to text summarization rely heavily on feature engineering . in contrast to this , we propose a fully data - driven approach using feedforward neural networks for single document summarization . we train and evaluate the model on standard duc 2002 dataset which shows results comparable to the state of the art models . the proposed model is scalable and is able to produce the summ ←
→ faceposenet : making a case for landmark - free face alignment ; we show how a simple convolutional neural network ( cnn ) can be trained to accurately and robustly regress 6 degrees of freedom ( 6dof ) 3d head pose , directly from image intensities . we further explain how this faceposenet ( fpn ) can be used to align faces in 2d and 3d as an alternative to explicit facial landmark detection for these tasks . we claim that in many cases the standard means of measuring landmark detector accuracy can be misleading when ←
→ compiling and processing historical and contemporary portuguese corpora ; this technical report describes the framework used for processing three large portuguese corpora . two corpora contain texts from newspapers , one published in brazil and the other published in portugal . the third corpus is colonia , a historical portuguese collection containing texts written between the 16th and the early 20th century . the report presents pre - processing methods , segmentation , and annotation of the corpora as well as ind ←
→ asynchronous dynamic bayesian networks ; systems such as sensor networks and teams of autonomous robots consist of multiple autonomous entities that interact with each other in a distributed , asynchronous manner . these entities need to keep track of the state of the system as it evolves . asynchronous systems lead to special challenges for monitoring , as nodes must update their beliefs independently of each other and no central coordination is possible . furthermore , the state of the system continues to chang ←
→ the estimation of subjective probabilities via categorical judgments of uncertainty ; theoretically as well as experimentally it is investigated how people represent their knowledge in order to make decisions or to share their knowledge with others . experiment 1 probes into the ways how people 6ather information about the frequencies of events and how the requested response mode , that is , numerical vs . verbal estimates interferes with this knowledge . the least interference occurs if the subjects are allow ←
→ context related derivation of word senses ; real applications of natural language document processing are very often confronted with domain specific lexical gaps during the analysis of documents of a new domain . this paper describes an approach for the derivation of domain specific concepts for the extension of an existing ontology . as resources we need an initial ontology and a partially processed corpus of a domain . we exploit the specific characteristic of the sublanguage in the corpus . our approach is b ←
→ statistical parameters of the novel " perekhresni stezhky " (" the cross - paths ") by ivan franko ; in the paper , a complex statistical characteristics of a ukrainian novel is given for the first time . the distribution of word - forms with respect to their size is studied . the linguistic laws by zipf - mandelbrot and altmann - menzerath are analyzed .←
→ how far did we get in face spoofing detection ? ; the growing use of control access systems based on face recognition shed light over the need for even more accurate systems to detect face spoofing attacks . in this paper , an extensive analysis on face spoofing detection works published in the last decade is presented . the analyzed works are categorized by their fundamental parts , i . e ., descriptors and classifiers . this structured survey also brings the temporal evolution of the face spoofing detection field ,←
→ population - contrastive - divergence : does consistency help with rbm training ? ; estimating the log - likelihood gradient with respect to the parameters of a restricted boltzmann machine ( rbm ) typically requires sampling using markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) techniques . to save computation time , the markov chains are only run for a small number of steps , which leads to a biased estimate . this bias can cause rbm training algorithms such as contrastive divergence ( cd ) learning to deteriorate . we adopt the idea b ←
→ a flexible shallow approach to text generation ; in order to support the efficient development of nl generation systems , two orthogonal methods are currently pursued with emphasis : ( 1 ) reusable , general , and linguistically motivated surface realization components , and ( 2 ) simple , task - oriented template - based techniques . in this paper we argue that , from an application - oriented perspective , the benefits of both are still limited . in order to improve this situation , we suggest and evaluate shallow generation ←
→ stochastic approximation for speeding up lstd ( and lspi ) ; we propose a stochastic approximation ( sa ) based method with randomization of samples for policy evaluation using the least squares temporal difference ( lstd ) algorithm . our method results in an $ o ( d )$ improvement in complexity in comparison to regular lstd , where $ d $ is the dimension of the data . we provide convergence rate results for our proposed method , both in high probability and in expectation . moreover , we also establish that using our schem ←
→ entropy of overcomplete kernel dictionaries ; in signal analysis and synthesis , linear approximation theory considers a linear decomposition of any given signal in a set of atoms , collected into a so - called dictionary . relevant sparse representations are obtained by relaxing the orthogonality condition of the atoms , yielding overcomplete dictionaries with an extended number of atoms . more generally than the linear decomposition , overcomplete kernel dictionaries provide an elegant nonlinear extension by defi ←
→ recognizing gender from human facial regions using genetic algorithm ; recently , recognition of gender from facial images has gained a lot of importance . there exist a handful of research work that focus on feature extraction to obtain gender specific information from facial images . however , analyzing different facial regions and their fusion help in deciding the gender of a person from facial images . in this paper , we propose a new approach to identify gender from frontal facial images that is robust to ba ←
→ advances in variational inference ; many modern unsupervised or semi - supervised machine learning algorithms rely on bayesian probabilistic models . these models are usually intractable and thus require approximate inference . variational inference ( vi ) lets us approximate a high - dimensional bayesian posterior with a simpler variational distribution by solving an optimization problem . this approach has been successfully used in various models and large - scale applications . in this review , we give an overview of ←
→ mechanism design for cost optimal pac learning in the presence of strategic noisy annotators ; we consider the problem of probably approximate correct ( pac ) learning of a binary classifier from noisy labeled examples acquired from multiple annotators ( each characterized by a respective classification noise rate ). first , we consider the complete information scenario , where the learner knows the noise rates of all the annotators . for this scenario , we derive sample complexity bound for the minimum disagreem ←
→ multiarmed bandit problems with delayed feedback ; in this paper we initiate the study of optimization of bandit type problems in scenarios where the feedback of a play is not immediately known . this arises naturally in allocation problems which have been studied extensively in the literature , albeit in the absence of delays in the feedback . we study this problem in the bayesian setting . in presence of delays , no solution with provable guarantees is known to exist with sub - exponential running time . we sho ←
→ automatic diagnosis of retinal diseases from color retinal images ; teleophthalmology holds a great potential to improve the quality , access , and affordability in health care . for patients , it can reduce the need for travel and provide the access to a superspecialist . ophthalmology lends itself easily to telemedicine as it is a largely image based diagnosis . the main goal of the proposed system is to diagnose the type of disease in the retina and to automatically detect and segment retinal diseases without ←
→ plan explanations as model reconciliation : moving beyond explanation as soliloquy ; when ai systems interact with humans in the loop , they are often called on to provide explanations for their plans and behavior . past work on plan explanations primarily involved the ai system explaining the correctness of its plan and the rationale for its decision in terms of its own model . such soliloquy is wholly inadequate in most realistic scenarios where the humans have domain and task models that differ significant ←
→ a comparison of neural models for word ordering ; we compare several language models for the word - ordering task and propose a new bag - to - sequence neural model based on attention - based sequence - to - sequence models . we evaluate the model on a large german wmt data set where it significantly outperforms existing models . we also describe a novel search strategy for lm - based word ordering and report results on the english penn treebank . our best model setup outperforms prior work both in terms of speed and qualit ←
→ spatial diffuseness features for dnn - based speech recognition in noisy and reverberant environments ; we propose a spatial diffuseness feature for deep neural network ( dnn )- based automatic speech recognition to improve recognition accuracy in reverberant and noisy environments . the feature is computed in real - time from multiple microphone signals without requiring knowledge or estimation of the direction of arrival , and represents the relative amount of diffuse noise in each time and frequency bin . it is ←
→ large - scale feature learning with spike - and - slab sparse coding ; we consider the problem of object recognition with a large number of classes . in order to overcome the low amount of labeled examples available in this setting , we introduce a new feature learning and extraction procedure based on a factor model we call spike - and - slab sparse coding ( s3c ). prior work on s3c has not prioritized the ability to exploit parallel architectures and scale s3c to the enormous problem sizes needed for object recognition ←
→ learning with rethinking : recurrently improving convolutional neural networks through feedback ; recent years have witnessed the great success of convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based models in the field of computer vision . cnn is able to learn hierarchically abstracted features from images in an end - to - end training manner . however , most of the existing cnn models only learn features through a feedforward structure and no feedback information from top to bottom layers is exploited to enable the network ←
→ cross - stitch networks for multi - task learning ; multi - task learning in convolutional networks has displayed remarkable success in the field of recognition . this success can be largely attributed to learning shared representations from multiple supervisory tasks . however , existing multi - task approaches rely on enumerating multiple network architectures specific to the tasks at hand , that do not generalize . in this paper , we propose a principled approach to learn shared representations in convnets using multi ←
→ residual convolutional ctc networks for automatic speech recognition ; deep learning approaches have been widely used in automatic speech recognition ( asr ) and they have achieved a significant accuracy improvement . especially , convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have been revisited in asr recently . however , most cnns used in existing work have less than 10 layers which may not be deep enough to capture all human speech signal information . in this paper , we propose a novel deep and wide cnn architecture den ←
→ learning multiscale features directly from waveforms ; deep learning has dramatically improved the performance of speech recognition systems through learning hierarchies of features optimized for the task at hand . however , true end - to - end learning , where features are learned directly from waveforms , has only recently reached the performance of hand - tailored representations based on the fourier transform . in this paper , we detail an approach to use convolutional filters to push past the inherent tradeoff of ←
→ show , attend and interact : perceivable human - robot social interaction through neural attention q - network ; for a safe , natural and effective human - robot social interaction , it is essential to develop a system that allows a robot to demonstrate the perceivable responsive behaviors to complex human behaviors . we introduce the multimodal deep attention recurrent q - network using which the robot exhibits human - like social interaction skills after 14 days of interacting with people in an uncontrolled real world ←
→ network motifs analysis of croatian literature ; in this paper we analyse network motifs in the co - occurrence directed networks constructed from five different texts ( four books and one portal ) in the croatian language . after preparing the data and network construction , we perform the network motif analysis . we analyse the motif frequencies and z - scores in the five networks . we present the triad significance profile for five datasets . furthermore , we compare our results with the existing results for the lin ←
→ exploiting temporal information for 3d pose estimation ; in this work , we address the problem of 3d human pose estimation from a sequence of 2d human poses . although the recent success of deep networks has led many state - of - the - art methods for 3d pose estimation to train deep networks end - to - end to predict from images directly , the top - performing approaches have shown the effectiveness of dividing the task of 3d pose estimation into two steps : using a state - of - the - art 2d pose estimator to estimate the 2d po ←
→ post training in deep learning with last kernel ; one of the main challenges of deep learning methods is the choice of an appropriate training strategy . in particular , additional steps , such as unsupervised pre - training , have been shown to greatly improve the performances of deep structures . in this article , we propose an extra training step , called post - training , which only optimizes the last layer of the network . we show that this procedure can be analyzed in the context of kernel theory , with the first l ←
→ motion - appearance interactive encoding for object segmentation in unconstrained videos ; we present a novel method of integrating motion and appearance cues for foreground object segmentation in unconstrained videos . unlike conventional methods encoding motion and appearance patterns individually , our method puts particular emphasis on their mutual assistance . specifically , we propose using an interactively constrained encoding ( ice ) scheme to incorporate motion and appearance patterns into a graph that l ←
→ robust submodular maximization : a non - uniform partitioning approach ; we study the problem of maximizing a monotone submodular function subject to a cardinality constraint $ k $, with the added twist that a number of items $\ tau $ from the returned set may be removed . we focus on the worst - case setting considered in ( orlin et al ., 2016 ), in which a constant - factor approximation guarantee was given for $\ tau = o (\ sqrt { k })$. in this paper , we solve a key open problem raised therein , presenting a new partitioned ←
→ deep photo style transfer ; this paper introduces a deep - learning approach to photographic style transfer that handles a large variety of image content while faithfully transferring the reference style . our approach builds upon the recent work on painterly transfer that separates style from the content of an image by considering different layers of a neural network . however , as is , this approach is not suitable for photorealistic style transfer . even when both the input and reference images are photographs ,←
→ cogalex - v shared task : root18 ; in this paper , we describe root 18 , a classifier using the scores of several unsupervised distributional measures as features to discriminate between semantically related and unrelated words , and then to classify the related pairs according to their semantic relation ( i . e . synonymy , antonymy , hypernymy , part - whole meronymy ). our classifier participated in the cogalex - v shared task , showing a solid performance on the first subtask , but a poor performance on the second subtask .←
→ multi - stage multi - task feature learning via adaptive threshold ; multi - task feature learning aims to identity the shared features among tasks to improve generalization . it has been shown that by minimizing non - convex learning models , a better solution than the convex alternatives can be obtained . therefore , a non - convex model based on the capped -$\ ell_ { 1 },\ ell_ { 1 }$ regularization was proposed in \ cite { gong2013 }, and a corresponding efficient multi - stage multi - task feature learning algorithm ( msmtfl ) was pre ←
→ discovering containment : from infants to machines ; current artificial learning systems can recognize thousands of visual categories , or play go at a champion " s level , but cannot explain infants learning , in particular the ability to learn complex concepts without guidance , in a specific order . a notable example is the category of ' containers ' and the notion of containment , one of the earliest spatial relations to be learned , starting already at 2 . 5 months , and preceding other common relations ( e . g ., suppor ←
→ transformation properties of learned visual representations ; when a three - dimensional object moves relative to an observer , a change occurs on the observer ' s image plane and in the visual representation computed by a learned model . starting with the idea that a good visual representation is one that transforms linearly under scene motions , we show , using the theory of group representations , that any such representation is equivalent to a combination of the elementary irreducible representations . we derive ←
→ a reverse hierarchy model for predicting eye fixations ; a number of psychological and physiological evidences suggest that early visual attention works in a coarse - to - fine way , which lays a basis for the reverse hierarchy theory ( rht ). this theory states that attention propagates from the top level of the visual hierarchy that processes gist and abstract information of input , to the bottom level that processes local details . inspired by the theory , we develop a computational model for saliency detection in ←
→ finite element model updating using fish school search optimization method ; a recent nature inspired optimization algorithm , fish school search ( fss ) is applied to the finite element model ( fem ) updating problem . this method is tested on a garteur sm - ag19 aeroplane structure . the results of this algorithm are compared with two other metaheuristic algorithms ; genetic algorithm ( ga ) and particle swarm optimization ( pso ). it is observed that on average , the fss and pso algorithms give more accurate results ←
→ evolutionary computing ; evolutionary computing ( ec ) is an exciting development in computer science . it amounts to building , applying and studying algorithms based on the darwinian principles of natural selection . in this paper we briefly introduce the main concepts behind evolutionary computing . we present the main components all evolutionary algorithms ( ea ), sketch the differences between different types of eas and survey application areas ranging from optimization , modeling and simulation to entertainmen ←
→ the discriminative kalman filter for nonlinear and non - gaussian sequential bayesian filtering ; the kalman filter ( kf ) is used in a variety of applications for computing the posterior distribution of latent states in a state space model . the model requires a linear relationship between states and observations . extensions to the kalman filter have been proposed that incorporate linear approximations to nonlinear models , such as the extended kalman filter ( ekf ) and the unscented kalman filter ( ukf ). however ←
→ factorization of language models through backing - off lattices ; factorization of statistical language models is the task that we resolve the most discriminative model into factored models and determine a new model by combining them so as to provide better estimate . most of previous works mainly focus on factorizing models of sequential events , each of which allows only one factorization manner . to enable parallel factorization , which allows a model event to be resolved in more than one ways at the same time ←
→ patch - based adaptive weighting with segmentation and scale ( pawss ) for visual tracking ; tracking - by - detection algorithms are widely used for visual tracking , where the problem is treated as a classification task where an object model is updated over time using online learning techniques . in challenging conditions where an object undergoes deformation or scale variations , the update step is prone to include background information in the model appearance or to lack the ability to estimate the scale change ,←
→ talplanner in ipc - 2002 : extensions and control rules ; talplanner is a forward - chaining planner that relies on domain knowledge in the shape of temporal logic formulas in order to prune irrelevant parts of the search space . talplanner recently participated in the third international planning competition , which had a clear emphasis on increasing the complexity of the problem domains being used as benchmark tests and the expressivity required to represent these domains in a planning system . like many other pl ←
→ wrpn & apprentice : methods for training and inference using low - precision numerics ; today ' s high performance deep learning architectures involve large models with numerous parameters . low precision numerics has emerged as a popular technique to reduce both the compute and memory requirements of these large models . however , lowering precision often leads to accuracy degradation . we describe three schemes whereby one can both train and do efficient inference using low precision numerics without hurting acc ←
→ ruber : an unsupervised method for automatic evaluation of open - domain dialog systems ; open - domain human - computer conversation has been attracting increasing attention over the past few years . however , there does not exist a standard automatic evaluation metric for open - domain dialog systems ; researchers usually resort to human annotation for model evaluation , which is time - and labor - intensive . in this paper , we propose ruber , a referenced metric and unreferenced metric blended evaluation routine , which ←
→ local diagnosis ; in an earlier work , we have presented operations of belief change which only affect the relevant part of a belief base . in this paper , we propose the application of the same strategy to the problem of model - based diangosis . we first isolate the subset of the system description which is relevant for a given observation and then solve the diagnosis problem for this subset .←
→ automatic detection of adhd and asd from expressive behaviour in rgbd data ; attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( adhd ) and autism spectrum disorder ( asd ) are neurodevelopmental conditions which impact on a significant number of children and adults . currently , the diagnosis of such disorders is done by experts who employ standard questionnaires and look for certain behavioural markers through manual observation . such methods for their diagnosis are not only subjective , difficult to repeat , and costly ←
→ a semantic approach to summarization ; sentence extraction based summarization methods has some limitations as it doesn ' t go into the semantics of the document . also , it lacks the capability of sentence generation which is intuitive to humans . here we present a novel method to summarize text documents taking the process to semantic levels with the use of wordnet and other resources , and using a technique for sentence generation . we involve semantic role labeling to get the semantic representation of text an ←
→ dynamic hierarchical dirichlet process for abnormal behaviour detection in video ; this paper proposes a novel dynamic hierarchical dirichlet process topic model that considers the dependence between successive observations . conventional posterior inference algorithms for this kind of models require processing of the whole data through several passes . it is computationally intractable for massive or sequential data . we design the batch and online inference algorithms , based on the gibbs sampling , for the ←
→ learning a repression network for precise vehicle search ; the growing explosion in the use of surveillance cameras in public security highlights the importance of vehicle search from large - scale image databases . precise vehicle search , aiming at finding out all instances for a given query vehicle image , is a challenging task as different vehicles will look very similar to each other if they share same visual attributes . to address this problem , we propose the repression network ( repnet ), a novel multi - task ←
→ sharing hol4 and hol light proof knowledge ; new proof assistant developments often involve concepts similar to already formalized ones . when proving their properties , a human can often take inspiration from the existing formalized proofs available in other provers or libraries . in this paper we propose and evaluate a number of methods , which strengthen proof automation by learning from proof libraries of different provers . certain conjectures can be proved directly from the dependencies induced by similar ←
→ matrix and graph operations for relationship inference : an illustration with the kinship inference in the china biographical database ; biographical databases contain diverse information about individuals . person names , birth information , career , friends , family and special achievements are some possible items in the record for an individual . the relationships between individuals , such as kinship and friendship , provide invaluable insights about hidden communities which are not directly recorded in databa ←
→ black box variational inference ; variational inference has become a widely used method to approximate posteriors in complex latent variables models . however , deriving a variational inference algorithm generally requires significant model - specific analysis , and these efforts can hinder and deter us from quickly developing and exploring a variety of models for a problem at hand . in this paper , we present a " black box " variational inference algorithm , one that can be quickly applied to many models with little ←
→ the cma evolution strategy : a tutorial ; this tutorial introduces the cma evolution strategy ( es ), where cma stands for covariance matrix adaptation . the cma - es is a stochastic , or randomized , method for real - parameter ( continuous domain ) optimization of non - linear , non - convex functions . we try to motivate and derive the algorithm from intuitive concepts and from requirements of non - linear , non - convex search in continuous domain .←
→ mini - batch stochastic admms for nonconvex nonsmooth optimization ; in the paper , we study the mini - batch stochastic admms ( alternating direction method of multipliers ) for the nonconvex nonsmooth optimization . we prove that , given an appropriate mini - batch size , the mini - batch stochastic admm without variance reduction ( vr ) technique is convergent and reaches the convergence rate of $ o ( 1 / t )$ to obtain a stationary point of the nonconvex optimization , where $ t $ denotes the number of iterations . moreover , we ←
→ learning to see people like people ; humans make complex inferences on faces , ranging from objective properties ( gender , ethnicity , expression , age , identity , etc ) to subjective judgments ( facial attractiveness , trustworthiness , sociability , friendliness , etc ). while the objective aspects of face perception have been extensively studied , relatively fewer computational models have been developed for the social impressions of faces . bridging this gap , we develop a method to predict human impressions of faces ←
→ concept combination and the origins of complex cognition ; at the core of our uniquely human cognitive abilities is the capacity to see things from different perspectives , or to place them in a new context . we propose that this was made possible by two cognitive transitions . first , the large brain of homo erectus facilitated the onset of recursive recall : the ability to string thoughts together into a stream of potentially abstract or imaginative thought . this hypothesis is supported by a set of computation ←
→ deep feature consistent deep image transformations : downscaling , decolorization and hdr tone mapping ; building on crucial insights into the determining factors of the visual integrity of an image and the property of deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ), we have developed the deep feature consistent deep image transformation ( dfc - dit ) framework which unifies challenging one - to - many mapping image processing problems such as image downscaling , decolorization ( colour to grayscale conversion ) and high dyna ←
→ super - resolution reconstruction of electrical impedance tomography images ; electrical impedance tomography ( eit ) systems are becoming popular because they present several advantages over competing systems . however , eit leads to images with very low resolution . moreover , the nonuniform sampling characteristic of eit precludes the straightforward application of traditional image ruper - resolution techniques . in this work , we propose a resampling based super - resolution method for eit image quality improvemen ←
→ whoi - plankton - a large scale fine grained visual recognition benchmark dataset for plankton classification ; planktonic organisms are of fundamental importance to marine ecosystems : they form the basis of the food web , provide the link between the atmosphere and the deep ocean , and influence global - scale biogeochemical cycles . scientists are increasingly using imaging - based technologies to study these creatures in their natural habit . images from such systems provide an unique opportunity to model and und ←
→ concept formation and dynamics of repeated inference in deep generative models ; deep generative models are reported to be useful in broad applications including image generation . repeated inference between data space and latent space in these models can denoise cluttered images and improve the quality of inferred results . however , previous studies only qualitatively evaluated image outputs in data space , and the mechanism behind the inference has not been investigated . the purpose of the current study is ←
→ activitynet challenge 2017 summary ; the activitynet large scale activity recognition challenge 2017 summary : results and challenge participants papers .←
→ markov chain monte carlo for arrangement of hyperplanes in locality - sensitive hashing ; since hamming distances can be calculated by bitwise computations , they can be calculated with less computational load than l2 distances . similarity searches can therefore be performed faster in hamming distance space . the elements of hamming distance space are bit strings . on the other hand , the arrangement of hyperplanes induce the transformation from the feature vectors into feature bit strings . this transformation ←
→ a computational study of rotating spiral waves and spatio - temporal transient chaos in a deterministic three - level active system ; spatio - temporal dynamics of a deterministic three - level cellular automaton ( tlca ) of zykov - mikhailov type ( sov . phys . - dokl ., 1986 , vol . 31 , no . 1 , p . 51 ) is studied numerically . evolution of spatial structures is investigated both for the original zykov - mikhailov model ( which is applicable to , for example , belousov - zhabotinskii chemical reactions ) and for proposed by us tlca , wh ←
→ exploiting convolutional neural network for risk prediction with medical feature embedding ; the widespread availability of electronic health records ( ehrs ) promises to usher in the era of personalized medicine . however , the problem of extracting useful clinical representations from longitudinal ehr data remains challenging . in this paper , we explore deep neural network models with learned medical feature embedding to deal with the problems of high dimensionality and temporality . specifically , we use a mu ←
→ clustering learning for robotic vision ; we present the clustering learning technique applied to multi - layer feedforward deep neural networks . we show that this unsupervised learning technique can compute network filters with only a few minutes and a much reduced set of parameters . the goal of this paper is to promote the technique for general - purpose robotic vision systems . we report its use in static image datasets and object tracking datasets . we show that networks trained with clustering learning can ou ←
→ redefinition of the concept of fuzzy set based on vague partition from the perspective of axiomatization ; based on the in - depth analysis of the essence and features of vague phenomena , this paper focuses on establishing the axiomatical foundation of membership degree theory for vague phenomena , presents an axiomatic system to govern membership degrees and their interconnections . on this basis , the concept of vague partition is introduced , further , the concept of fuzzy set introduced by zadeh in 1965 is r ←
→ self authentication of image through daubechies transform technique ( sadt ) ; in this paper a 4 x 4 daubechies transform based authentication technique termed as sadt has been proposed to authenticate gray scale images . the cover image is transformed into the frequency domain using 4 x 4 mask in a row major order using daubechies transform technique , resulting four frequency subbands af , hf , vf and df . one byte of every band in a mask is embedding with two or four bits of secret information . experimental r ←
→ deleting and testing forbidden patterns in multi - dimensional arrays ; understanding the local behaviour of structured multi - dimensional data is a fundamental problem in various areas of computer science . as the amount of data is often huge , it is desirable to obtain sublinear time algorithms , and specifically property testers , to understand local properties of the data . we focus on the natural local problem of testing pattern freeness : given a large $ d $- dimensional array $ a $ and a fixed $ d $- dimensional pa ←
→ recurrent predictive state policy networks ; we introduce recurrent predictive state policy ( rpsp ) networks , a recurrent architecture that brings insights from predictive state representations to reinforcement learning in partially observable environments . predictive state policy networks consist of a recursive filter , which keeps track of a belief about the state of the environment , and a reactive policy that directly maps beliefs to actions , to maximize the cumulative reward . the recursive filter leverage ←
→ a novel framework for image forgery localization ; image forgery localization is a very active and open research field for the difficulty to handle the large variety of manipulations a malicious user can perform by means of more and more sophisticated image editing tools . here , we propose a localization framework based on the fusion of three very different tools , based , respectively , on sensor noise , patch - matching , and machine learning . the binary masks provided by these tools are finally fused based on so ←
→ optimization of evolutionary neural networks using hybrid learning algorithms ; evolutionary artificial neural networks ( eanns ) refer to a special class of artificial neural networks ( anns ) in which evolution is another fundamental form of adaptation in addition to learning . evolutionary algorithms are used to adapt the connection weights , network architecture and learning algorithms according to the problem environment . even though evolutionary algorithms are well known as efficient global search algorit ←
→ learning filter banks using deep learning for acoustic signals ; designing appropriate features for acoustic event recognition tasks is an active field of research . expressive features should both improve the performance of the tasks and also be interpret - able . currently , heuristically designed features based on the domain knowledge requires tremendous effort in hand - crafting , while features extracted through deep network are difficult for human to interpret . in this work , we explore the experience guided l ←
→ real - time road traffic information detection through social media ; in current study , a mechanism to extract traffic related information such as congestion and incidents from textual data from the internet is proposed . the current source of data is twitter . as the data being considered is extremely large in size automated models are developed to stream , download , and mine the data in real - time . furthermore , if any tweet has traffic related information then the models should be able to infer and extract this ←
→ design of novel algorithm and architecture for gaussian based color image enhancement system for real time applications ; this paper presents the development of a new algorithm for gaussian based color image enhancement system . the algorithm has been designed into architecture suitable for fpga / asic implementation . the color image enhancement is achieved by first convolving an original image with a gaussian kernel since gaussian distribution is a point spread function which smoothen the image . further , lo ←
→ learning from richer human guidance : augmenting comparison - based learning with feature queries ; we focus on learning the desired objective function for a robot . although trajectory demonstrations can be very informative of the desired objective , they can also be difficult for users to provide . answers to comparison queries , asking which of two trajectories is preferable , are much easier for users , and have emerged as an effective alternative . unfortunately , comparisons are far less informative . we propos ←
→ provably bounded - optimal agents ; since its inception , artificial intelligence has relied upon a theoretical foundation centered around perfect rationality as the desired property of intelligent systems . we argue , as others have done , that this foundation is inadequate because it imposes fundamentally unsatisfiable requirements . as a result , there has arisen a wide gap between theory and practice in ai , hindering progress in the field . we propose instead a property called bounded optimality . roughly speakin ←
→ flexible and approximate computation through state - space reduction ; in the real world , insufficient information , limited computation resources , and complex problem structures often force an autonomous agent to make a decision in time less than that required to solve the problem at hand completely . flexible and approximate computations are two approaches to decision making under limited computation resources . flexible computation helps an agent to flexibly allocate limited computation resources so that the ←
→ neural optimizer search with reinforcement learning ; we present an approach to automate the process of discovering optimization methods , with a focus on deep learning architectures . we train a recurrent neural network controller to generate a string in a domain specific language that describes a mathematical update equation based on a list of primitive functions , such as the gradient , running average of the gradient , etc . the controller is trained with reinforcement learning to maximize the performance of ←
→ towards end - to - end car license plates detection and recognition with deep neural networks ; in this work , we tackle the problem of car license plate detection and recognition in natural scene images . we propose a unified deep neural network which can localize license plates and recognize the letters simultaneously in a single forward pass . the whole network can be trained end - to - end . in contrast to existing approaches which take license plate detection and recognition as two separate tasks and settle them ←
→ a stronger null hypothesis for crossing dependencies ; the syntactic structure of a sentence can be modeled as a tree where vertices are words and edges indicate syntactic dependencies between words . it is well - known that those edges normally do not cross when drawn over the sentence . here a new null hypothesis for the number of edge crossings of a sentence is presented . that null hypothesis takes into account the length of the pair of edges that may cross and predicts the relative number of crossings in ra ←
→ link prediction via generalized coupled tensor factorisation ; this study deals with the missing link prediction problem : the problem of predicting the existence of missing connections between entities of interest . we address link prediction using coupled analysis of relational datasets represented as heterogeneous data , i . e ., datasets in the form of matrices and higher - order tensors . we propose to use an approach based on probabilistic interpretation of tensor factorisation models , i . e ., generalised couple ←
→ new methods of enhancing prediction accuracy in linear models with missing data ; in this paper , prediction for linear systems with missing information is investigated . new methods are introduced to improve the mean squared error ( mse ) on the test set in comparison to state - of - the - art methods , through appropriate tuning of bias - variance trade - off . first , the use of proposed soft weighted prediction ( swp ) algorithm and its efficacy are depicted and compared to previous works for non - missing scenarios . the ←
→ cost - based intuitionist probabilities on spaces of graphs , hypergraphs and theorems ; a novel partial order is defined on the space of digraphs or hypergraphs , based on assessing the cost of producing a graph via a sequence of elementary transformations . leveraging work by knuth and skilling on the foundations of inference , and the structure of heyting algebras on graph space , this partial order is used to construct an intuitionistic probability measure that applies to either digraphs or hypergraphs . as l ←
→ on zeroth - order stochastic convex optimization via random walks ; we propose a method for zeroth order stochastic convex optimization that attains the suboptimality rate of $\ tilde {\ mathcal { o }}( n ^{ 7 } t ^{- 1 / 2 })$ after $ t $ queries for a convex bounded function $ f :{\ mathbb r }^ n \ to {\ mathbb r }$. the method is based on a random walk ( the \ emph { ball walk }) on the epigraph of the function . the randomized approach circumvents the problem of gradient estimation , and appears to be less sensitive to noisy function evalu ←
→ invariant properties of a locally salient dither pattern with a spatial - chromatic histogram ; compacted dither pattern code ( cdpc ) is a recently found feature which is successful in irregular shapes based visual depiction . locally salient dither pattern feature is an attempt to expand the capability of cdpc for both regular and irregular shape based visual depiction . this paper presents an analysis of rotational and scale invariance property of locally salient dither pattern feature with a two dimensional ←
→ encrypted accelerated least squares regression ; information that is stored in an encrypted format is , by definition , usually not amenable to statistical analysis or machine learning methods . in this paper we present detailed analysis of coordinate and accelerated gradient descent algorithms which are capable of fitting least squares and penalised ridge regression models , using data encrypted under a fully homomorphic encryption scheme . gradient descent is shown to dominate in terms of encrypted computation ←
→ multi - label ensemble based on variable pairwise constraint projection ; multi - label classification has attracted an increasing amount of attention in recent years . to this end , many algorithms have been developed to classify multi - label data in an effective manner . however , they usually do not consider the pairwise relations indicated by sample labels , which actually play important roles in multi - label classification . inspired by this , we naturally extend the traditional pairwise constraints to the multi - la ←
→ close the gaps : a learning - while - doing algorithm for a class of single - product revenue management problems ; we consider a retailer selling a single product with limited on - hand inventory over a finite selling season . customer demand arrives according to a poisson process , the rate of which is influenced by a single action taken by the retailer ( such as price adjustment , sales commission , advertisement intensity , etc .). the relationship between the action and the demand rate is not known in advance . howev ←
→ geometric semantic genetic programming algorithm and slump prediction ; research on the performance of recycled concrete as building material in the current world is an important subject . given the complex composition of recycled concrete , conventional methods for forecasting slump scarcely obtain satisfactory results . based on theory of nonlinear prediction method , we propose a recycled concrete slump prediction model based on geometric semantic genetic programming ( gsgp ) and combined it with recycled conc ←
→ fixing an error in caponnetto and de vito ( 2007 ) ; the seminal paper of caponnetto and de vito ( 2007 ) provides minimax - optimal rates for kernel ridge regression in a very general setting . its proof , however , contains an error in its bound on the effective dimensionality . in this note , we explain the mistake , provide a correct bound , and show that the main theorem remains true .←
→ deepdeblur : fast one - step blurry face images restoration ; we propose a very fast and effective one - step restoring method for blurry face images . in the last decades , many blind deblurring algorithms have been proposed to restore latent sharp images . however , these algorithms run slowly because of involving two steps : kernel estimation and following non - blind deconvolution or latent image estimation . also they cannot handle face images in small size . our proposed method restores sharp face images directly i ←
→ properties and applications of programs with monotone and convex constraints ; we study properties of programs with monotone and convex constraints . we extend to these formalisms concepts and results from normal logic programming . they include the notions of strong and uniform equivalence with their characterizations , tight programs and fages lemma , program completion and loop formulas . our results provide an abstract account of properties of some recent extensions of logic programming with aggregates , es ←
→ model selection in bayesian neural networks via horseshoe priors ; bayesian neural networks ( bnns ) have recently received increasing attention for their ability to provide well - calibrated posterior uncertainties . however , model selection --- even choosing the number of nodes --- remains an open question . in this work , we apply a horseshoe prior over node pre - activations of a bayesian neural network , which effectively turns off nodes that do not help explain the data . we demonstrate that our prior prevents the b ←
→ kannada character recognition system a review ; intensive research has been done on optical character recognition ocr and a large number of articles have been published on this topic during the last few decades . many commercial ocr systems are now available in the market , but most of these systems work for roman , chinese , japanese and arabic characters . there are no sufficient number of works on indian language character recognition especially kannada script among 12 major scripts in india . this paper prese ←
→ fingerprint recognition using standardized fingerprint model ; fingerprint recognition is one of most popular and accuracy biometric technologies . nowadays , it is used in many real applications . however , recognizing fingerprints in poor quality images is still a very complex problem . in recent years , many algorithms , models ... are given to improve the accuracy of recognition system . this paper discusses on the standardized fingerprint model which is used to synthesize the template of fingerprints . in this mo ←
→ does quantification without adjustments work ? ; classification is the task of predicting the class labels of objects based on the observation of their features . in contrast , quantification has been defined as the task of determining the prevalences of the different sorts of class labels in a target dataset . the simplest approach to quantification is classify & count where a classifier is optimised for classification on a training set and applied to the target dataset for the prediction of class labels . in t ←
→ decoupled spatial neural attention for weakly supervised semantic segmentation ; weakly supervised semantic segmentation receives much research attention since it alleviates the need to obtain a large amount of dense pixel - wise ground - truth annotations for the training images . compared with other forms of weak supervision , image labels are quite efficient to obtain . in our work , we focus on the weakly supervised semantic segmentation with image label annotations . recent progress for this task has been lar ←
→ the origins of zipf ' s meaning - frequency law ; in his pioneering research , g . k . zipf observed that more frequent words tend to have more meanings , and showed that the number of meanings of a word grows as the square root of its frequency . he derived this relationship from two assumptions : that words follow zipf ' s law for word frequencies ( a power law dependency between frequency and rank ) and zipf ' s law of meaning distribution ( a power law dependency between number of meanings and rank ). here we show that a ←
→ approximate learning in complex dynamic bayesian networks ; in this paper we extend the work of smith and papamichail ( 1999 ) and present fast approximate bayesian algorithms for learning in complex scenarios where at any time frame , the relationships between explanatory state space variables can be described by a bayesian network that evolve dynamically over time and the observations taken are not necessarily gaussian . it uses recent developments in approximate bayesian forecasting methods in combination wi ←
→ meta path - based collective classification in heterogeneous information networks ; collective classification has been intensively studied due to its impact in many important applications , such as web mining , bioinformatics and citation analysis . collective classification approaches exploit the dependencies of a group of linked objects whose class labels are correlated and need to be predicted simultaneously . in this paper , we focus on studying the collective classification problem in heterogeneous networks ←
→ screen content image segmentation using sparse - smooth decomposition ; sparse decomposition has been extensively used for different applications including signal compression and denoising and document analysis . in this paper , sparse decomposition is used for image segmentation . the proposed algorithm separates the background and foreground using a sparse - smooth decomposition technique such that the smooth and sparse components correspond to the background and foreground respectively . this algorithm is tested ←
→ user and developer interaction with editable and readable ontologies ; the process of building ontologies is a difficult task that involves collaboration between ontology developers and domain experts and requires an ongoing interaction between them . this collaboration is made more difficult , because they tend to use different tool sets , which can hamper this interaction . in this paper , we propose to decrease this distance between domain experts and ontology developers by creating more readable forms of ont ←
→ normal forms for answer sets programming ; normal forms for logic programs under stable / answer set semantics are introduced . we argue that these forms can simplify the study of program properties , mainly consistency . the first normal form , called the {\ em kernel } of the program , is useful for studying existence and number of answer sets . a kernel program is composed of the atoms which are undefined in the well - founded semantics , which are those that directly affect the existence of answer sets . the body of ←
→ deep learning for real - time gravitational wave detection and parameter estimation with ligo data ; the recent nobel - prize - winning detections of gravitational waves from merging black holes and the subsequent detection of the collision of two neutron stars in coincidence with electromagnetic observations have inaugurated a new era of multimessenger astrophysics . to enhance the scope of this emergent science , we proposed the use of deep convolutional neural networks for the detection and characterization of ←
→ brainstorm / j : a java framework for intelligent agents ; despite the effort of many researchers in the area of multi - agent systems ( mas ) for designing and programming agents , a few years ago the research community began to take into account that common features among different mas exists . based on these common features , several tools have tackled the problem of agent development on specific application domains or specific types of agents . as a consequence , their scope is restricted to a subset of the huge ap ←
→ feature multi - selection among subjective features ; when dealing with subjective , noisy , or otherwise nebulous features , the " wisdom of crowds " suggests that one may benefit from multiple judgments of the same feature on the same object . we give theoretically - motivated ` feature multi - selection ' algorithms that choose , among a large set of candidate features , not only which features to judge but how many times to judge each one . we demonstrate the effectiveness of this approach for linear regression on a cro ←
→ feature incay for representation regularization ; softmax loss is widely used in deep neural networks for multi - class classification , where each class is represented by a weight vector , a sample is represented as a feature vector , and the feature vector has the largest projection on the weight vector of the correct category when the model correctly classifies a sample . to ensure generalization , weight decay that shrinks the weight norm is often used as regularizer . different from traditional learning algori ←
→ context encoders : feature learning by inpainting ; we present an unsupervised visual feature learning algorithm driven by context - based pixel prediction . by analogy with auto - encoders , we propose context encoders -- a convolutional neural network trained to generate the contents of an arbitrary image region conditioned on its surroundings . in order to succeed at this task , context encoders need to both understand the content of the entire image , as well as produce a plausible hypothesis for the missing part ←
→ reinforcement learning based sensing policy optimization for energy efficient cognitive radio networks ; this paper introduces a machine learning based collaborative multi - band spectrum sensing policy for cognitive radios . the proposed sensing policy guides secondary users to focus the search of unused radio spectrum to those frequencies that persistently provide them high data rate . the proposed policy is based on machine learning , which makes it adaptive with the temporally and spatially varying radio s ←
→ biology of applied digital ecosystems ; a primary motivation for our research in digital ecosystems is the desire to exploit the self - organising properties of biological ecosystems . ecosystems are thought to be robust , scalable architectures that can automatically solve complex , dynamic problems . however , the biological processes that contribute to these properties have not been made explicit in digital ecosystems research . here , we discuss how biological properties contribute to the self - organising feature ←
→ gefcom 2014 - probabilistic electricity price forecasting ; energy price forecasting is a relevant yet hard task in the field of multi - step time series forecasting . in this paper we compare a well - known and established method , arma with exogenous variables with a relatively new technique gradient boosting regression . the method was tested on data from global energy forecasting competition 2014 with a year long rolling window forecast . the results from the experiment reveal that a multi - model approach is sig ←
→ nefi : network extraction from images ; networks and network - like structures are amongst the central building blocks of many technological and biological systems . given a mathematical graph representation of a network , methods from graph theory enable a precise investigation of its properties . software for the analysis of graphs is widely available and has been applied to graphs describing large scale networks such as social networks , protein - interaction networks , etc . in these applications , graph acquisitio ←
→ evolution of covariance functions for gaussian process regression using genetic programming ; in this contribution we describe an approach to evolve composite covariance functions for gaussian processes using genetic programming . a critical aspect of gaussian processes and similar kernel - based models such as svm is , that the covariance function should be adapted to the modeled data . frequently , the squared exponential covariance function is used as a default . however , this can lead to a misspecified model ←
→ ladder : a human - level bidding agent for large - scale real - time online auctions ; we present ladder , the first deep reinforcement learning agent that can successfully learn control policies for large - scale real - world problems directly from raw inputs composed of high - level semantic information . the agent is based on an asynchronous stochastic variant of dqn ( deep q network ) named dasqn . the inputs of the agent are plain - text descriptions of states of a game of incomplete information , i . e . real - time large sc ←
→ robust optimization of unconstrained binary quadratic problems ; in this paper we focus on the unconstrained binary quadratic optimization model , maximize x ^ t qx , x binary , and consider the problem of identifying optimal solutions that are robust with respect to perturbations in the q matrix .. we are motivated to find robust , or stable , solutions because of the uncertainty inherent in the big data origins of q and limitations in computer numerical precision , particularly in a new class of quantum annealing ←
→ tableaux for policy synthesis for mdps with pctl * constraints ; markov decision processes ( mdps ) are the standard formalism for modelling sequential decision making in stochastic environments . policy synthesis addresses the problem of how to control or limit the decisions an agent makes so that a given specification is met . in this paper we consider pctl *, the probabilistic counterpart of ctl *, as the specification language . because in general the policy synthesis problem for pctl * is undecidable , we restri ←
→ neural network dynamics for model - based deep reinforcement learning with model - free fine - tuning ; model - free deep reinforcement learning algorithms have been shown to be capable of learning a wide range of robotic skills , but typically require a very large number of samples to achieve good performance . model - based algorithms , in principle , can provide for much more efficient learning , but have proven difficult to extend to expressive , high - capacity models such as deep neural networks . in this work , we dem ←
→ invariant factorization of time - series ; time - series classification is an important domain of machine learning and a plethora of methods have been developed for the task . in comparison to existing approaches , this study presents a novel method which decomposes a time - series dataset into latent patterns and membership weights of local segments to those patterns . the process is formalized as a constrained objective function and a tailored stochastic coordinate descent optimization is applied . the time - series ←
→ what you sketch is what you get : 3d sketching using multi - view deep volumetric prediction ; sketch - based modeling strives to bring the ease and immediacy of drawing to the 3d world . however , while drawings are easy for humans to create , they are very challenging for computers to interpret due to their sparsity and ambiguity . we propose a data - driven approach that tackles this challenge by learning to reconstruct 3d shapes from one or more drawings . at the core of our approach is a deep convolutional neura ←
→ detecting learning vs memorization in deep neural networks using shared structure validation sets ; the roles played by learning and memorization represent an important topic in deep learning research . recent work on this subject has shown that the optimization behavior of dnns trained on shuffled labels is qualitatively different from dnns trained with real labels . here , we propose a novel permutation approach that can differentiate memorization from learning in deep neural networks ( dnns ) trained as usu ←
→ development of a multi - user recognition engine for handwritten bangla basic characters and digits ; the objective of the paper is to recognize handwritten samples of basic bangla characters using tesseract open source optical character recognition ( ocr ) engine under apache license 2 . 0 . handwritten data samples containing isolated bangla basic characters and digits were collected from different users . tesseract is trained with user - specific data samples of document pages to generate separate user - models re ←
→ axondeepseg : automatic axon and myelin segmentation from microscopy data using convolutional neural networks ; segmentation of axon and myelin from microscopy images of the nervous system provides useful quantitative information about the tissue microstructure , such as axon density and myelin thickness . this could be used for instance to document cell morphometry across species , or to validate novel non - invasive quantitative magnetic resonance imaging techniques . most currently - available segmentation algo ←
→ conflict - directed backjumping revisited ; in recent years , many improvements to backtracking algorithms for solving constraint satisfaction problems have been proposed . the techniques for improving backtracking algorithms can be conveniently classified as look - ahead schemes and look - back schemes . unfortunately , look - ahead and look - back schemes are not entirely orthogonal as it has been observed empirically that the enhancement of look - ahead techniques is sometimes counterproductive to the effects of look - ba ←
→ classifying signals with local classifiers ; this paper deals with the problem of classifying signals . the new method for building so called local classifiers and local features is presented . the method is a combination of the lifting scheme and the support vector machines . its main aim is to produce effective and yet comprehensible classifiers that would help in understanding processes hidden behind classified signals . to illustrate the method we present the results obtained on an artificial and a real dat ←
→ nonparametric bayesian double articulation analyzer for direct language acquisition from continuous speech signals ; human infants can discover words directly from unsegmented speech signals without any explicitly labeled data . in this paper , we develop a novel machine learning method called nonparametric bayesian double articulation analyzer ( npb - daa ) that can directly acquire language and acoustic models from observed continuous speech signals . for this purpose , we propose an integrative generative mode ←
→ the cumulative rule for belief fusion ; the problem of combining beliefs in the dempster - shafer belief theory has attracted considerable attention over the last two decades . the classical dempster ' s rule has often been criticised , and many alternative rules for belief combination have been proposed in the literature . the consensus operator for combining beliefs has nice properties and produces more intuitive results than dempster ' s rule , but has the limitation that it can only be applied to belief distribut ←
→ transient diversity in multi - agent systems ; diversity is an important aspect of highly efficient multi - agent teams . we introduce the main factors that drive a multi - agent system in either direction along the diversity scale . a metric for diversity is described , and we speculate on the concept of transient diversity . finally , an experiment on social entropy using a robocup simulated soccer team is presented .←
→ new explicit thresholding / shrinkage formulas for one class of regularization problems with overlapping group sparsity and their applications ; the least - square regression problems or inverse problems have been widely studied in many fields such as compressive sensing , signal processing , and image processing . to solve this kind of ill - posed problems , a regularization term ( i . e ., regularizer ) should be introduced , under the assumption that the solutions have some specific properties , such as sparsity and ←
→ scalable gaussian process classification via expectation propagation ; variational methods have been recently considered for scaling the training process of gaussian process classifiers to large datasets . as an alternative , we describe here how to train these classifiers efficiently using expectation propagation . the proposed method allows for handling datasets with millions of data instances . more precisely , it can be used for ( i ) training in a distributed fashion where the data instances are sent to diffe ←
→ a new method for removing the moire ' pattern from images ; during the last decades , denoising methods have attracted much attention of researchers . the conventional method for removing the moire ' pattern from images is using notch filters in the frequency - domain . in this paper a new method is proposed that can achieve a better performance in comparison with the traditional method . median filter is used in some part of spectrum of noisy images to reduce the noise . at the second part of this paper , to demonst ←
→ vision - based navigation i : a navigation filter for fusing dtm / correspondence updates ; an algorithm for pose and motion estimation using corresponding features in images and a digital terrain map is proposed . using a digital terrain ( or digital elevation ) map ( dtm / dem ) as a global reference enables recovering the absolute position and orientation of the camera . in order to do this , the dtm is used to formulate a constraint between corresponding features in two consecutive frames . the utilization of data i ←
→ instance significance guided multiple instance boosting for robust visual tracking ; multiple instance learning ( mil ) recently provides an appealing way to alleviate the drifting problem in visual tracking . following the tracking - by - detection framework , an online milboost approach is developed that sequentially chooses weak classifiers by maximizing the bag likelihood . in this paper , we extend this idea towards incorporating the instance significance estimation into the online milboost framework . first , i ←
→ learning video object segmentation with visual memory ; this paper addresses the task of segmenting moving objects in unconstrained videos . we introduce a novel two - stream neural network with an explicit memory module to achieve this . the two streams of the network encode spatial and temporal features in a video sequence respectively , while the memory module captures the evolution of objects over time . the module to build a " visual memory " in video , i . e ., a joint representation of all the video frames , is r ←
→ a parallel framework for multilayer perceptron for human face recognition ; artificial neural networks have already shown their success in face recognition and similar complex pattern recognition tasks . however , a major disadvantage of the technique is that it is extremely slow during training for larger classes and hence not suitable for real - time complex problems such as pattern recognition . this is an attempt to develop a parallel framework for the training algorithm of a perceptron . in this paper , two ←
→ learning a time - dependent master saliency map from eye - tracking data in videos ; to predict the most salient regions of complex natural scenes , saliency models commonly compute several feature maps ( contrast , orientation , motion ...) and linearly combine them into a master saliency map . since feature maps have different spatial distribution and amplitude dynamic ranges , determining their contributions to overall saliency remains an open problem . most state - of - the - art models do not take time into account an ←
→ weighing and integrating evidence for stochastic simulation in bayesian networks ; stochastic simulation approaches perform probabilistic inference in bayesian networks by estimating the probability of an event based on the frequency that the event occurs in a set of simulation trials . this paper describes the evidence weighting mechanism , for augmenting the logic sampling stochastic simulation algorithm [ henrion , 1986 ]. evidence weighting modifies the logic sampling algorithm by weighting each simulation ←
→ an approach to visualize the course of solving of a research task in humans ; a technique to study the dynamics of solving of a research task is suggested . the research task was based on specially developed software right - wrong responder ( rwr ), with the participants having to reveal the response logic of the program . the participants interacted with the program in the form of a semi - binary dialogue , which implies the feedback responses of only two kinds - " right " or " wrong ". the technique has been applie ←
→ google ' s neural machine translation system : bridging the gap between human and machine translation ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) is an end - to - end learning approach for automated translation , with the potential to overcome many of the weaknesses of conventional phrase - based translation systems . unfortunately , nmt systems are known to be computationally expensive both in training and in translation inference . also , most nmt systems have difficulty with rare words . these issues have hindered nmt ' s use i ←
→ efficiency of quantum versus classical annealing in non - convex learning problems ; quantum annealers aim at solving non - convex optimization problems by exploiting cooperative tunneling effects to escape local minima . the underlying idea consists in designing a classical energy function whose ground states are the sought optimal solutions of the original optimization problem and add a controllable quantum transverse field to generate tunneling processes . a key challenge is to identify classes of non - convex ←
→ generalized hybrid grey relation method for multiple attribute mixed type decision making ; the multiple attribute mixed type decision making is performed by four methods , that is , the relative approach degree of grey topsis method , the relative approach degree of grey incidence , the relative membership degree of grey incidence and the grey relation relative approach degree method using the maximum entropy estimation , respectively . in these decision making methods , the grey incidence degree in four - dimens ←
→ finding the creatures of habit ; clustering households based on their flexibility in using electricity ; changes in the uk electricity market , particularly with the roll out of smart meters , will provide greatly increased opportunities for initiatives intended to change households ' electricity usage patterns for the benefit of the overall system . users show differences in their regular behaviours and clustering households into similar groupings based on this variability provides for efficient targeting of ←
→ word - sense disambiguation using decomposable models ; most probabilistic classifiers used for word - sense disambiguation have either been based on only one contextual feature or have used a model that is simply assumed to characterize the interdependencies among multiple contextual features . in this paper , a different approach to formulating a probabilistic model is presented along with a case study of the performance of models produced in this manner for the disambiguation of the noun " interest ". we describ ←
→ annotating character relationships in literary texts ; we present a dataset of manually annotated relationships between characters in literary texts , in order to support the training and evaluation of automatic methods for relation type prediction in this domain ( makazhanov et al ., 2014 ; kokkinakis , 2013 ) and the broader computational analysis of literary character ( elson et al ., 2010 ; bamman et al ., 2014 ; vala et al ., 2015 ; flekova and gurevych , 2015 ). in this work , we solicit annotations from workers on a ←
→ a likelihood - free inference framework for population genetic data using exchangeable neural networks ; inference for population genetics models is hindered by computationally intractable likelihoods . while this issue is tackled by likelihood - free methods , these approaches typically rely on hand - crafted summary statistics of the data . in complex settings , designing and selecting suitable summary statistics is problematic and results are very sensitive to such choices . in this paper , we learn the first exch ←
→ ahugin : a system creating adaptive causal probabilistic networks ; the paper describes ahugin , a tool for creating adaptive systems . ahugin is an extension of the hugin shell , and is based on the methods reported by spiegelhalter and lauritzen ( 1990a ). the adaptive systems resulting from ahugin are able to adjust the c011ditional probabilities in the model . a short analysis of the adaptation task is given and the features of ahugin are described . finally a session with experiments is reported and the result ←
→ identifying diabetic patients with high risk of readmission ; hospital readmissions are expensive and reflect the inadequacies in healthcare system . in the united states alone , treatment of readmitted diabetic patients exceeds 250 million dollars per year . early identification of patients facing a high risk of readmission can enable healthcare providers to to conduct additional investigations and possibly prevent future readmissions . this not only improves the quality of care but also reduces the medical ex ←
→ interactive execution monitoring of agent teams ; there is an increasing need for automated support for humans monitoring the activity of distributed teams of cooperating agents , both human and machine . we characterize the domain - independent challenges posed by this problem , and describe how properties of domains influence the challenges and their solutions . we will concentrate on dynamic , data - rich domains where humans are ultimately responsible for team behavior . thus , the automated aid should interactive ←
→ a generative approach to zero - shot and few - shot action recognition ; we present a generative framework for zero - shot action recognition where some of the possible action classes do not occur in the training data . our approach is based on modeling each action class using a probability distribution whose parameters are functions of the attribute vector representing that action class . in particular , we assume that the distribution parameters for any action class in the visual space can be expressed as a linear ←
→ accelerating neural architecture search using performance prediction ; methods for neural network hyperparameter optimization and meta - modeling are computationally expensive due to the need to train a large number of model configurations . in this paper , we show that standard frequentist regression models can predict the final performance of partially trained model configurations using features based on network architectures , hyperparameters , and time - series validation performance data . we empirically show t ←
→ grab , pay and eat : semantic food detection for smart restaurants ; the increase in awareness of people towards their nutritional habits has drawn considerable attention to the field of automatic food analysis . focusing on self - service restaurants environment , automatic food analysis is not only useful for extracting nutritional information from foods selected by customers , it is also of high interest to speed up the service solving the bottleneck produced at the cashiers in times of high demand . in this pap ←
→ trace transform based method for color image domain identification ; context categorization is a fundamental pre - requisite for multi - domain multimedia content analysis applications in order to manage contextual information in an efficient manner . in this paper , we introduce a new color image context categorization method ( ditec ) based on the trace transform . the problem of dimensionality reduction of the obtained trace transform signal is addressed through statistical descriptors that keep the underlying in ←
→ homotopy relations for digital images ; we introduce three generalizations of homotopy equivalence in digital images , to allow us to express whether a finite and an infinite digital image are similar with respect to homotopy . we show that these three generalizations are not equivalent to ordinary homotopy equivalence , and give several examples . we show that , like homotopy equivalence , our three generalizations imply isomorphism of fundamental groups , and are preserved under wedges and cartesian products .←
→ latent relation representations for universal schemas ; traditional relation extraction predicts relations within some fixed and finite target schema . machine learning approaches to this task require either manual annotation or , in the case of distant supervision , existing structured sources of the same schema . the need for existing datasets can be avoided by using a universal schema : the union of all involved schemas ( surface form predicates as in openie , and relations in the schemas of pre - existing databa ←
→ task - driven visual saliency and attention - based visual question answering ; visual question answering ( vqa ) has witnessed great progress since may , 2015 as a classic problem unifying visual and textual data into a system . many enlightening vqa works explore deep into the image and question encodings and fusing methods , of which attention is the most effective and infusive mechanism . current attention based methods focus on adequate fusion of visual and textual features , but lack the attention to where peo ←
→ max vs min : tensor decomposition and ica with nearly linear sample complexity ; we present a simple , general technique for reducing the sample complexity of matrix and tensor decomposition algorithms applied to distributions . we use the technique to give a polynomial - time algorithm for standard ica with sample complexity nearly linear in the dimension , thereby improving substantially on previous bounds . the analysis is based on properties of random polynomials , namely the spacings of an ensemble of polyno ←
→ log - optimal portfolio selection using the blackwell approachability theorem ; we present a method for constructing the log - optimal portfolio using the well - calibrated forecasts of market values . dawid ' s notion of calibration and the blackwell approachability theorem are used for computing well - calibrated forecasts . we select a portfolio using this " artificial " probability distribution of market values . our portfolio performs asymptotically at least as well as any stationary portfolio that redistributes th ←
→ deconvolutional latent - variable model for text sequence matching ; a latent - variable model is introduced for text matching , inferring sentence representations by jointly optimizing generative and discriminative objectives . to alleviate typical optimization challenges in latent - variable models for text , we employ deconvolutional networks as the sequence decoder ( generator ), providing learned latent codes with more semantic information and better generalization . our model , trained in an unsupervised manner , y ←
→ importance of sources using the repeated fusion method and the proportional conflict redistribution rules # 5 and # 6 ; we present in this paper some examples of how to compute by hand the pcr5 fusion rule for three sources , so the reader will better understand its mechanism . we also take into consideration the importance of sources , which is different from the classical discounting of sources .←
→ guiding reinforcement learning exploration using natural language ; in this work we present a technique to use natural language to help reinforcement learning generalize to unseen environments . this technique uses neural machine translation , specifically the use of encoder - decoder networks , to learn associations between natural language behavior descriptions and state - action information . we then use this learned model to guide agent exploration using a modified version of policy shaping to make it more effe ←
→ modeling variations of first - order horn abduction in answer set programming ; we study abduction in first order horn logic theories where all atoms can be abduced and we are looking for preferred solutions with respect to three objective functions : cardinality minimality , coherence , and weighted abduction . we represent this reasoning problem in answer set programming ( asp ), in order to obtain a flexible framework for experimenting with global constraints and objective functions , and to test the boundaries ←
→ characterizing the google books corpus : strong limits to inferences of socio - cultural and linguistic evolution ; it is tempting to treat frequency trends from the google books data sets as indicators of the " true " popularity of various words and phrases . doing so allows us to draw quantitatively strong conclusions about the evolution of cultural perception of a given topic , such as time or gender . however , the google books corpus suffers from a number of limitations which make it an obscure mask of cultur ←
→ social and business intelligence analysis using pso ; the goal of this paper is to elaborate swarm intelligence for business intelligence decision making and the business rules management improvement . . the swarm optimization , which is highly influenced by the behavior of creature , performs in group . the spatial data is defined as data that is represented by 2d or 3d images . sql server supports only 2d images till now . as we know that location is an essential part of any organizational data as well as busine ←
→ a dynamical systems approach for static evaluation in go ; in the paper arguments are given why the concept of static evaluation has the potential to be a useful extension to monte carlo tree search . a new concept of modeling static evaluation through a dynamical system is introduced and strengths and weaknesses are discussed . the general suitability of this approach is demonstrated .←
→ answering complicated question intents expressed in decomposed question sequences ; recent work in semantic parsing for question answering has focused on long and complicated questions , many of which would seem unnatural if asked in a normal conversation between two humans . in an effort to explore a conversational qa setting , we present a more realistic task : answering sequences of simple but inter - related questions . we collect a dataset of 6 , 066 question sequences that inquire about semi - structured table ←
→ bayesian image quality transfer with cnns : exploring uncertainty in dmri super - resolution ; in this work , we investigate the value of uncertainty modeling in 3d super - resolution with convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). deep learning has shown success in a plethora of medical image transformation problems , such as super - resolution ( sr ) and image synthesis . however , the highly ill - posed nature of such problems results in inevitable ambiguity in the learning of networks . we propose to account for intrinsic ←
→ preferential multi - context systems ; multi - context systems ( mcs ) presented by brewka and eiter can be considered as a promising way to interlink decentralized and heterogeneous knowledge contexts . in this paper , we propose preferential multi - context systems ( pmcs ), which provide a framework for incorporating a total preorder relation over contexts in a multi - context system . in a given pmcs , its contexts are divided into several parts according to the total preorder relation over them , moreover , only informa ←
→ intrinsic dimension estimation of data by principal component analysis ; estimating intrinsic dimensionality of data is a classic problem in pattern recognition and statistics . principal component analysis ( pca ) is a powerful tool in discovering dimensionality of data sets with a linear structure ; it , however , becomes ineffective when data have a nonlinear structure . in this paper , we propose a new pca - based method to estimate intrinsic dimension of data with nonlinear structures . our method works by first ←
→ scalable inference for a full multivariate stochastic volatility model ; we introduce a multivariate stochastic volatility model for asset returns that imposes no restrictions to the structure of the volatility matrix and treats all its elements as functions of latent stochastic processes . when the number of assets is prohibitively large , we propose a factor multivariate stochastic volatility model in which the variances and correlations of the factors evolve stochastically over time . inference is achieved ←
→ spectral descriptors for graph matching ; in this paper , we consider the weighted graph matching problem . recently , approaches to this problem based on spectral methods have gained significant attention . we propose two graph spectral descriptors based on the graph laplacian , namely a laplacian family signature ( lfs ) on nodes , and a pairwise heat kernel distance on edges . we show the stability of both our descriptors under small perturbation of edges and nodes . in addition , we show that our pairwise heat ker ←
→ parameter - less optimization with the extended compact genetic algorithm and iterated local search ; this paper presents a parameter - less optimization framework that uses the extended compact genetic algorithm ( ecga ) and iterated local search ( ils ), but is not restricted to these algorithms . the presented optimization algorithm ( ils + ecga ) comes as an extension of the parameter - less genetic algorithm ( ga ), where the parameters of a selecto - recombinative ga are eliminated . the approach that we propose is tes ←
→ coordinate descent with online adaptation of coordinate frequencies ; coordinate descent ( cd ) algorithms have become the method of choice for solving a number of optimization problems in machine learning . they are particularly popular for training linear models , including linear support vector machine classification , lasso regression , and logistic regression . we consider general cd with non - uniform selection of coordinates . instead of fixing selection frequencies beforehand we propose an online adaptation ←
→ consistent kernel density estimation with non - vanishing bandwidth ; consistency of the kernel density estimator requires that the kernel bandwidth tends to zero as the sample size grows . in this paper we investigate the question of whether consistency is possible when the bandwidth is fixed , if we consider a more general class of weighted kdes . to answer this question in the affirmative , we introduce the fixed - bandwidth kde ( fbkde ), obtained by solving a quadratic program , and prove that it consistently est ←
→ improved descriptors for patch matching and reconstruction ; we propose a convolutional neural network ( convnet ) based approach for learning local image descriptors which can be used for significantly improved patch matching and 3d reconstructions . a multi - resolution convnet is used for learning keypoint descriptors . we also propose a new dataset consisting of an order of magnitude more number of scenes , images , and positive and negative correspondences compared to the currently available multi - view stereo ←
→ guided random forest in the rrf package ; random forest ( rf ) is a powerful supervised learner and has been popularly used in many applications such as bioinformatics . in this work we propose the guided random forest ( grf ) for feature selection . similar to a feature selection method called guided regularized random forest ( grrf ), grf is built using the importance scores from an ordinary rf . however , the trees in grrf are built sequentially , are highly correlated and do not allow for parallel computing , whi ←
→ the umd neural machine translation systems at wmt17 bandit learning task ; we describe the university of maryland machine translation systems submitted to the wmt17 german - english bandit learning task . the task is to adapt a translation system to a new domain , using only bandit feedback : the system receives a german sentence to translate , produces an english sentence , and only gets a scalar score as feedback . targeting these two challenges ( adaptation and bandit learning ), we built a standard neural machine ←
→ terngrad : ternary gradients to reduce communication in distributed deep learning ; high network communication cost for synchronizing gradients and parameters is the well - known bottleneck of distributed training . in this work , we propose terngrad that uses ternary gradients to accelerate distributed deep learning in data parallelism . our approach requires only three numerical levels {- 1 , 0 , 1 }, which can aggressively reduce the communication time . we mathematically prove the convergence of terngrad under the ←
→ composite quantization ; this paper studies the compact coding approach to approximate nearest neighbor search . we introduce a composite quantization framework . it uses the composition of several ($ m $) elements , each of which is selected from a different dictionary , to accurately approximate a $ d $- dimensional vector , thus yielding accurate search , and represents the data vector by a short code composed of the indices of the selected elements in the corresponding dictionaries . our key contribution lies in in ←
→ robust support vector machines for speaker verification task ; an important step in speaker verification is extracting features that best characterize the speaker voice . this paper investigates a front - end processing that aims at improving the performance of speaker verification based on the svms classifier , in text independent mode . this approach combines features based on conventional mel - cepstral coefficients ( mfccs ) and line spectral frequencies ( lsfs ) to constitute robust multivariate feature vectors . ←
→ a sentence compression based framework to query - focused multi - document summarization ; we consider the problem of using sentence compression techniques to facilitate query - focused multi - document summarization . we present a sentence - compression - based framework for the task , and design a series of learning - based compression models built on parse trees . an innovative beam search decoder is proposed to efficiently find highly probable compressions . under this framework , we show how to integrate various indica ←
→ annealing gaussian into relu : a new sampling strategy for leaky - relu rbm ; restricted boltzmann machine ( rbm ) is a bipartite graphical model that is used as the building block in energy - based deep generative models . due to numerical stability and quantifiability of the likelihood , rbm is commonly used with bernoulli units . here , we consider an alternative member of exponential family rbm with leaky rectified linear units -- called leaky rbm . we first study the joint and marginal distributions of leaky rbm u ←
→ one - shot - learning gesture recognition using hog - hof features ; the purpose of this paper is to describe one - shot - learning gesture recognition systems developed on the \ textit { chalearn gesture dataset }. we use rgb and depth images and combine appearance ( histograms of oriented gradients ) and motion descriptors ( histogram of optical flow ) for parallel temporal segmentation and recognition . the quadratic - chi distance family is used to measure differences between histograms to capture cross - bin relationships . w ←
→ analysis of nonstationary time series using locally coupled gaussian processes ; the analysis of nonstationary time series is of great importance in many scientific fields such as physics and neuroscience . in recent years , gaussian process regression has attracted substantial attention as a robust and powerful method for analyzing time series . in this paper , we introduce a new framework for analyzing nonstationary time series using locally stationary gaussian process analysis with parameters that are coup ←
→ neural discourse modeling of conversations ; deep neural networks have shown recent promise in many language - related tasks such as the modeling of conversations . we extend rnn - based sequence to sequence models to capture the long range discourse across many turns of conversation . we perform a sensitivity analysis on how much additional context affects performance , and provide quantitative and qualitative evidence that these models are able to capture discourse relationships across multiple utterances . our r ←
→ an energy minimization approach to 3d non - rigid deformable surface estimation using rgbd data ; we propose an algorithm that uses energy mini - mization to estimate the current configuration of a non - rigid object . our approach utilizes an rgbd image to calculate corresponding surf features , depth , and boundary informa - tion . we do not use predetermined features , thus enabling our system to operate on unmodified objects . our approach relies on a 3d nonlinear energy minimization framework to solve for the co ←
→ gender recognition and biometric identification using a large dataset of hand images ; the human hand possesses distinctive features which can reveal gender information . in addition , the hand is considered one of the primary biometric traits used to identify a person . in this work , we propose a large dataset of human hand images with detailed ground - truth information for gender recognition and biometric identification . the proposed dataset comprises of 11 , 076 hand images ( dorsal and palmar sides ), from 19 ←
→ deep dictionary learning : a parametric network approach ; deep dictionary learning seeks multiple dictionaries at different image scales to capture complementary coherent characteristics . we propose a method for learning a hierarchy of synthesis dictionaries with an image classification goal . the dictionaries and classification parameters are trained by a classification objective , and the sparse features are extracted by reducing a reconstruction loss in each layer . the reconstruction objectives in some sen ←
→ unsupervised learning of long - term motion dynamics for videos ; we present an unsupervised representation learning approach that compactly encodes the motion dependencies in videos . given a pair of images from a video clip , our framework learns to predict the long - term 3d motions . to reduce the complexity of the learning framework , we propose to describe the motion as a sequence of atomic 3d flows computed with rgb - d modality . we use a recurrent neural network based encoder - decoder framework to predict thes ←
→ a double parametric bootstrap test for topic models ; non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) is a technique for finding latent representations of data . the method has been applied to corpora to construct topic models . however , nmf has likelihood assumptions which are often violated by real document corpora . we present a double parametric bootstrap test for evaluating the fit of an nmf - based topic model based on the duality of the kl divergence and poisson maximum likelihood estimation . the test correctly i ←
→ feature and variable selection in classification ; the amount of information in the form of features and variables avail - able to machine learning algorithms is ever increasing . this can lead to classifiers that are prone to overfitting in high dimensions , high di - mensional models do not lend themselves to interpretable results , and the cpu and memory resources necessary to run on high - dimensional datasets severly limit the applications of the approaches . variable and feature selection aim to remedy this b ←
→ sparsifying neural network connections for face recognition ; this paper proposes to learn high - performance deep convnets with sparse neural connections , referred to as sparse convnets , for face recognition . the sparse convnets are learned in an iterative way , each time one additional layer is sparsified and the entire model is re - trained given the initial weights learned in previous iterations . one important finding is that directly training the sparse convnet from scratch failed to find good solutions for ←
→ automatic estimation of fetal abdominal circumference from ultrasound images ; ultrasound diagnosis is routinely used in obstetrics and gynecology for fetal biometry , and owing to its time - consuming process , there has been a great demand for automatic estimation . however , the automated analysis of ultrasound images is complicated because they are patient - specific , operator - dependent , and machine - specific . among various types of fetal biometry , the accurate estimation of abdominal circumference ( ac ) is esp ←
→ a comparison between decision trees and decision tree forest models for software development effort estimation ; accurate software effort estimation has been a challenge for many software practitioners and project managers . underestimation leads to disruption in the projects estimated cost and delivery . on the other hand , overestimation causes outbidding and financial losses in business . many software estimation models exist ; however , none have been proven to be the best in all situations . in this paper , ←
→ co - training for extraction of adverse drug reaction mentions from tweets ; adverse drug reactions ( adrs ) are one of the leading causes of mortality in health care . current adr surveillance systems are often associated with a substantial time lag before such events are officially published . on the other hand , online social media such as twitter contain information about adr events in real - time , much before any official reporting . current state - of - the - art methods in adr mention extraction use recurrent neural ←
→ learning longer - term dependencies in rnns with auxiliary losses ; despite recent advances in training recurrent neural networks ( rnns ), capturing long - term dependencies in sequences remains a fundamental challenge . most approaches use backpropagation through time ( bptt ), which is difficult to scale to very long sequences . this paper proposes a simple method that improves the ability to capture long term dependencies in rnns by adding an unsupervised auxiliary loss to the original objective . this auxiliary l ←
→ estimating the margin of victory of an election using sampling ; the margin of victory of an election is a useful measure to capture the robustness of an election outcome . it also plays a crucial role in determining the sample size of various algorithms in post election audit , polling etc . in this work , we present efficient sampling based algorithms for estimating the margin of victory of elections . more formally , we introduce the \ textsc {$( c , \ epsilon , \ delta )$-- margin of victory } problem , where given an ←
→ the classification accuracy of multiple - metric learning algorithm on multi - sensor fusion ; this paper focuses on two main issues ; first one is the impact of similarity search to learning the training sample in metric space , and searching based on supervised learning classi - fication . in particular , four metrics space searching are based on spatial information that are introduced as the following ; cheby - shev distance ( cd ); bray curtis distance ( bcd ); manhattan distance ( md ) and euclidean distance ( ed ) classi ←
→ a century of portraits : a visual historical record of american high school yearbooks ; many details about our world are not captured in written records because they are too mundane or too abstract to describe in words . fortunately , since the invention of the camera , an ever - increasing number of photographs capture much of this otherwise lost information . this plethora of artifacts documenting our " visual culture " is a treasure trove of knowledge as yet untapped by historians . we present a dataset of 37 , 92 ←
→ variational bayesian inference for hidden markov models with multivariate gaussian output distributions ; hidden markov models ( hmm ) have been used for several years in many time series analysis or pattern recognitions tasks . hmm are often trained by means of the baum - welch algorithm which can be seen as a special variant of an expectation maximization ( em ) algorithm . second - order training techniques such as variational bayesian inference ( vi ) for probabilistic models regard the parameters of the probabil ←
→ left - center - right separated neural network for aspect - based sentiment analysis with rotatory attention ; deep learning techniques have achieved success in aspect - based sentiment analysis in recent years . however , there are two important issues that still remain to be further studied , i . e ., 1 ) how to efficiently represent the target especially when the target contains multiple words ; 2 ) how to utilize the interaction between target and left / right contexts to capture the most important words in them . in thi ←
→ online slam with any - time self - calibration and automatic change detection ; a framework for online simultaneous localization , mapping and self - calibration is presented which can detect and handle significant change in the calibration parameters . estimates are computed in constant - time by factoring the problem and focusing on segments of the trajectory that are most informative for the purposes of calibration . a novel technique is presented to detect the probability that a significant change is present in ←
→ compressive spectral clustering ; spectral clustering has become a popular technique due to its high performance in many contexts . it comprises three main steps : create a similarity graph between n objects to cluster , compute the first k eigenvectors of its laplacian matrix to define a feature vector for each object , and run k - means on these features to separate objects into k classes . each of these three steps becomes computationally intensive for large n and / or k . we propose to speed up the last two steps ←
→ containment , equivalence and coreness from csp to qcsp and beyond ; the constraint satisfaction problem ( csp ) and its quantified extensions , whether without ( qcsp ) or with disjunction ( qcsp_or ), correspond naturally to the model checking problem for three increasingly stronger fragments of positive first - order logic . their complexity is often studied when parameterised by a fixed model , the so - called template . it is a natural question to ask when two templates are equivalent , or more generally when one " c ←
→ a sequential matching framework for multi - turn response selection in retrieval - based chatbots ; we study the problem of response selection for multi - turn conversation in retrieval - based chatbots . the task requires matching a response candidate with a conversation context , whose challenges include how to recognize important parts of the context , and how to model the relationships among utterances in the context . existing matching methods may lose important information in contexts as we can interpret them w ←
→ detection of bimanual gestures everywhere : why it matters , what we need and what is missing ; bimanual gestures are of the utmost importance for the study of motor coordination in humans and in everyday activities . a reliable detection of bimanual gestures in unconstrained environments is fundamental for their clinical study and to assess common activities of daily living . this paper investigates techniques for a reliable , unconstrained detection and classification of bimanual gestures . it assumes the ava ←
→ game information system ; in this information system age many organizations consider information system as their weapon to compete or gain competitive advantage or give the best services for non profit organizations . game information system as combining information system and game is breakthrough to achieve organizations ' performance . the game information system will run the information system with game and how game can be implemented to run the information system . game is not only for fun and entertainment ←
→ evolution of things ; evolution is one of the major omnipresent powers in the universe that has been studied for about two centuries . recent scientific and technical developments make it possible to make the transition from passively understanding to actively mastering evolution . as of today , the only area where human experimenters can design and manipulate evolutionary processes in full is that of evolutionary computing , where evolutionary processes are carried out in a digital space , inside computers , in ←
→ attack strength vs . detectability dilemma in adversarial machine learning ; as the prevalence and everyday use of machine learning algorithms , along with our reliance on these algorithms grow dramatically , so do the efforts to attack and undermine these algorithms with malicious intent , resulting in a growing interest in adversarial machine learning . a number of approaches have been developed that can render a machine learning algorithm ineffective through poisoning or other types of attacks . most attack ←
→ transfer learning via latent factor modeling to improve prediction of surgical complications ; we aim to create a framework for transfer learning using latent factor models to learn the dependence structure between a larger source dataset and a target dataset . the methodology is motivated by our goal of building a risk - assessment model for surgery patients , using both institutional and national surgical outcomes data . the national surgical outcomes data is collected through nsqip ( national surgery quality ←
→ a survey of recent advances in texture representation ; texture is a fundamental characteristic of many types of images , and texture representation is one of the essential and challenging problems in computer vision and pattern recognition which has attracted extensive research attention . since 2000 , texture representations based on bag of words ( bow ) and on convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have been extensively studied with impressive performance . given this period of remarkable evolution , this paper a ←
→ pacgan : the power of two samples in generative adversarial networks ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) are innovative techniques for learning generative models of complex data distributions from samples . despite remarkable recent improvements in generating realistic images , one of their major shortcomings is the fact that in practice , they tend to produce samples with little diversity , even when trained on diverse datasets . this phenomenon , known as mode collapse , has been the main focus of several re ←
→ a classification refinement strategy for semantic segmentation ; based on the observation that semantic segmentation errors are partially predictable , we propose a compact formulation using confusion statistics of the trained classifier to refine ( re - estimate ) the initial pixel label hypotheses . the proposed strategy is contingent upon computing the classifier confusion probabilities for a given dataset and estimating a relevant prior on the object classes present in the image to be classified . we provide a ←
→ pruning isomorphic structural sub - problems in configuration ; configuring consists in simulating the realization of a complex product from a catalog of component parts , using known relations between types , and picking values for object attributes . this highly combinatorial problem in the field of constraint programming has been addressed with a variety of approaches since the foundation system r1 ( mcdermott82 ). an inherent difficulty in solving configuration problems is the existence of many isomorphisms amo ←
→ a weight - coded evolutionary algorithm for the multidimensional knapsack problem ; a revised weight - coded evolutionary algorithm ( rwcea ) is proposed for solving multidimensional knapsack problems . this rwcea uses a new decoding method and incorporates a heuristic method in initialization . computational results show that the rwcea performs better than a weight - coded evolutionary algorithm proposed by raidl ( 1999 ) and to some existing benchmarks , it can yield better results than the ones reported in the or - l ←
→ data conflict resolution using trust mappings ; in massively collaborative projects such as scientific or community databases , users often need to agree or disagree on the content of individual data items . on the other hand , trust relationships often exist between users , allowing them to accept or reject other users ' beliefs by default . as those trust relationships become complex , however , it becomes difficult to define and compute a consistent snapshot of the conflicting information . previous solutions to ←
→ towards end - to - end lane detection : an instance segmentation approach ; modern cars are incorporating an increasing number of driver assist features , among which automatic lane keeping . the latter allows the car to properly position itself within the road lanes , which is also crucial for any subsequent lane departure or trajectory planning decision in fully autonomous cars . traditional lane detection methods rely on a combination of highly - specialized , hand - crafted features and heuristics , usually followed b ←
→ a distance between populations for n - points crossover in genetic algorithms ; genetic algorithms ( gas ) are an optimization technique that has been successfully used on many real - world problems . there exist different approaches to their theoretical study . in this paper we complete a recently presented approach to model one - point crossover using pretopologies ( or cech topologies ) in two ways . first , we extend it to the case of n - points crossover . then , we experimentally study how the distance distribution c ←
→ deep thermal imaging : proximate material type recognition in the wild through deep learning of spatial surface temperature patterns ; we introduce deep thermal imaging , a new approach for close - range automatic recognition of materials to enhance the understanding of people and ubiquitous technologies of their proximal environment . our approach uses a low - cost mobile thermal camera integrated into a smartphone to capture thermal textures . a deep neural network classifies these textures into material types .←
→ machine learning : when and where the horses went astray ? ; machine learning is usually defined as a subfield of ai , which is busy with information extraction from raw data sets . despite of its common acceptance and widespread recognition , this definition is wrong and groundless . meaningful information does not belong to the data that bear it . it belongs to the observers of the data and it is a shared agreement and a convention among them . therefore , this private information cannot be extracted from the data ←
→ jrc - names : a freely available , highly multilingual named entity resource ; this paper describes a new , freely available , highly multilingual named entity resource for person and organisation names that has been compiled over seven years of large - scale multilingual news analysis combined with wikipedia mining , resulting in 205 , 000 per - son and organisation names plus about the same number of spelling variants written in over 20 different scripts and in many more languages . this resource , produced as part of t ←
→ hierarchical motion consistency constraint for efficient geometrical verification in uav image matching ; this paper proposes a strategy for efficient geometrical verification in unmanned aerial vehicle ( uav ) image matching . first , considering the complex transformation model between correspondence set in the image - space , feature points of initial candidate matches are projected onto an elevation plane in the object - space , with assistant of uav flight control data and camera mounting angles . spatial relat ←
→ recurrent generative adversarial networks for proximal learning and automated compressive image recovery ; recovering images from undersampled linear measurements typically leads to an ill - posed linear inverse problem , that asks for proper statistical priors . building effective priors is however challenged by the low train and test overhead dictated by real - time tasks ; and the need for retrieving visually " plausible " and physically " feasible " images with minimal hallucination . to cope with these challenge ←
→ sliding - window optimization on an ambiguity - clearness graph for multi - object tracking ; multi - object tracking remains challenging due to frequent occurrence of occlusions and outliers . in order to handle this problem , we propose an approximation - shrink scheme for sequential optimization . this scheme is realized by introducing an ambiguity - clearness graph to avoid conflicts and maintain sequence independent , as well as a sliding window optimization framework to constrain the size of state space and guarant ←
→ toward general analysis of recursive probability models ; there is increasing interest within the research community in the design and use of recursive probability models . although there still remains concern about computational complexity costs and the fact that computing exact solutions can be intractable for many nonrecursive models and impossible in the general case for recursive problems , several research groups are actively developing computational techniques for recursive stochastic languages . we hav ←
→ a new tag formalism for tamil and parser analytics ; tree adjoining grammar ( tag ) is specifically suited for morph rich and agglutinated languages like tamil due to its psycho linguistic features and parse time dependency and morph resolution . though tag and ltag formalisms have been known for about 3 decades , efforts on designing tag syntax for tamil have not been entirely successful due to the complexity of its specification and the rich morphology of tamil language . in this paper we present a minimalisti ←
→ epistemic logic with functional dependency operator ; epistemic logic with non - standard knowledge operators , especially the " knowing - value " operator , has recently gathered much attention . with the " knowing - value " operator , we can express knowledge of individual variables , but not of the relations between them in general . in this paper , we propose a new operator kf to express knowledge of the functional dependencies between variables . the semantics of this kf operator uses a function domain which imposes a c ←
→ efficient smoothed concomitant lasso estimation for high dimensional regression ; in high dimensional settings , sparse structures are crucial for efficiency , both in term of memory , computation and performance . it is customary to consider $\ ell_1 $ penalty to enforce sparsity in such scenarios . sparsity enforcing methods , the lasso being a canonical example , are popular candidates to address high dimension . for efficiency , they rely on tuning a parameter trading data fitting versus sparsity . for the lasso ←
→ cross - language wikipedia editing of okinawa , japan ; this article analyzes users who edit wikipedia articles about okinawa , japan , in english and japanese . it finds these users are among the most active and dedicated users in their primary languages , where they make many large , high - quality edits . however , when these users edit in their non - primary languages , they tend to make edits of a different type that are overall smaller in size and more often restricted to the narrow set of articles that exist in bot ←
→ autonomous quadrotor landing using deep reinforcement learning ; landing an unmanned aerial vehicle ( uav ) on a ground marker is an open problem despite the effort of the research community . previous attempts mostly focused on the analysis of hand - crafted geometric features and the use of external sensors in order to allow the vehicle to approach the land - pad . in this article , we propose a method based on deep reinforcement learning that only requires low - resolution images taken from a down - looking camera in ←
→ noisy sparse subspace clustering ; this paper considers the problem of subspace clustering under noise . specifically , we study the behavior of sparse subspace clustering ( ssc ) when either adversarial or random noise is added to the unlabelled input data points , which are assumed to be in a union of low - dimensional subspaces . we show that a modified version of ssc is \ emph { provably effective } in correctly identifying the underlying subspaces , even with noisy data . this extends theoretical guarantee of this a ←
→ estimating well - performing bayesian networks using bernoulli mixtures ; a novel method for estimating bayesian network ( bn ) parameters from data is presented which provides improved performance on test data . previous research has shown the value of representing conditional probability distributions ( cpds ) via neural networks ( neal 1992 ), noisy - or gates ( neal 1992 , diez 1993 ) and decision trees ( friedman and goldszmidt 1996 ). the bernoulli mixture network ( bmn ) explicitly represents the cpds of discrete bn node ←
→ question answering from unstructured text by retrieval and comprehension ; open domain question answering ( qa ) systems must interact with external knowledge sources , such as web pages , to find relevant information . information sources like wikipedia , however , are not well structured and difficult to utilize in comparison with knowledge bases ( kbs ). in this work we present a two - step approach to question answering from unstructured text , consisting of a retrieval step and a comprehension step . for comprehens ←
→ diagnosing state - of - the - art object proposal methods ; object proposal has become a popular paradigm to replace exhaustive sliding window search in current top - performing methods in pascal voc and imagenet . recently , hosang et al . conduct the first unified study of existing methods ' in terms of various image - level degradations . on the other hand , the vital question " what object - level characteristics really affect existing methods ' performance ?" is not yet answered . inspired by hoiem et al .' s work in categori ←
→ hessian - based analysis of large batch training and robustness to adversaries ; large batch size training of neural networks has been shown to incur accuracy loss when trained with the current methods . the precise underlying reasons for this are still not completely understood . here , we study large batch size training through the lens of the hessian operator and robust optimization . in particular , we perform a hessian based study to analyze how the landscape of the loss functional is different for large ba ←
→ adversarial examples are not easily detected : bypassing ten detection methods ; neural networks are known to be vulnerable to adversarial examples : inputs that are close to natural inputs but classified incorrectly . in order to better understand the space of adversarial examples , we survey ten recent proposals that are designed for detection and compare their efficacy . we show that all can be defeated by constructing new loss functions . we conclude that adversarial examples are significantly harder to det ←
→ parsimonious network based on fuzzy inference system ( panfis ) for time series feature prediction of low speed slew bearing prognosis ; in recent years , the utilization of rotating parts , e . g . bearings and gears , has been continuously supporting the manufacturing line to produce consistent output quality . due to their critical role , the breakdown of these components might significantly impact the production rate . a proper condition based monitoring ( cbm ) is among a few ways to maintain and monitor the rota ←
→ supervised learning for optimal power flow as a real - time proxy ; in this work we design and compare different supervised learning algorithms to compute the cost of alternating current optimal power flow ( acopf ). the motivation for quick calculation of opf cost outcomes stems from the growing need of algorithmic - based long - term and medium - term planning methodologies in power networks . integrated in a multiple time - horizon coordination framework , we refer to this approximation module as a proxy for predictin ←
→ measuring and understanding sensory representations within deep networks using a numerical optimization framework ; a central challenge in sensory neuroscience is describing how the activity of populations of neurons can represent useful features of the external environment . however , while neurophysiologists have long been able to record the responses of neurons in awake , behaving animals , it is another matter entirely to say what a given neuron does . a key problem is that in many sensory domains , the spa ←
→ bayesian discovery of linear acyclic causal models ; methods for automated discovery of causal relationships from non - interventional data have received much attention recently . a widely used and well understood model family is given by linear acyclic causal models ( recursive structural equation models ). for gaussian data both constraint - based methods ( spirtes et al ., 1993 ; pearl , 2000 ) ( which output a single equivalence class ) and bayesian score - based methods ( geiger and heckerman , 1994 ) ( which assign relat ←
→ felzenszwalb - baum - welch : event detection by changing appearance ; we propose a method which can detect events in videos by modeling the change in appearance of the event participants over time . this method makes it possible to detect events which are characterized not by motion , but by the changing state of the people or objects involved . this is accomplished by using object detectors as output models for the states of a hidden markov model ( hmm ). the method allows an hmm to model the sequence of poses of t ←
→ sample - level cnn architectures for music auto - tagging using raw waveforms ; recent work has shown that the end - to - end approach using convolutional neural network ( cnn ) is effective in various types of machine learning tasks . for audio signals , the approach takes raw waveforms as input using an 1 - d convolution layer . in this paper , we improve the 1 - d cnn architecture for music auto - tagging by adopting building blocks from state - of - the - art image classification models , resnets and senets , and adding multi - le ←
→ anytime planning for decentralized pomdps using expectation maximization ; decentralized pomdps provide an expressive framework for multi - agent sequential decision making . while fnite - horizon decpomdps have enjoyed signifcant success , progress remains slow for the infnite - horizon case mainly due to the inherent complexity of optimizing stochastic controllers representing agent policies . we present a promising new class of algorithms for the infnite - horizon case , which recasts the optimization problem as inf ←
→ bayesian semisupervised learning with deep generative models ; neural network based generative models with discriminative components are a powerful approach for semi - supervised learning . however , these techniques a ) cannot account for model uncertainty in the estimation of the model ' s discriminative component and b ) lack flexibility to capture complex stochastic patterns in the label generation process . to avoid these problems , we first propose to use a discriminative component with stochastic inputs for in ←
→ a fast decision technique for hierarchical hough transform for line detection ; many techniques have been proposed to speedup the performance of classic hough transform . these techniques are primarily based on converting the voting procedure to a hierarchy based voting method . these methods use approximate decision - making process . in this paper , we propose a fast decision making process that enhances the speed and reduces the space requirements . experimental results demonstrate that the proposed algorithm ←
→ on characterizing inclusion of bayesian networks ; every directed acyclic graph ( dag ) over a finite non - empty set of variables (= nodes ) n induces an independence model over n , which is a list of conditional independence statements over n . the inclusion problem is how to characterize ( in graphical terms ) whether all independence statements in the model induced by a dag k are in the model induced by a second dag l . meek ( 1997 ) conjectured that this inclusion holds iff there exists a sequence of dags from l to ←
→ range - based argumentation semantics as 2 - valued models ; characterizations of semi - stable and stage extensions in terms of 2 - valued logical models are presented . to this end , the so - called gl - supported and gl - stage models are defined . these two classes of logical models are logic programming counterparts of the notion of range which is an established concept in argumentation semantics .←
→ evolutionary computational method of facial expression analysis for content - based video retrieval using 2 - dimensional cellular automata ; in this paper , deterministic cellular automata ( dca ) based video shot classification and retrieval is proposed . the deterministic 2d cellular automata model captures the human facial expressions , both spontaneous and posed . the determinism stems from the fact that the facial muscle actions are standardized by the encodings of facial action coding system ( facs ) and actio ←
→ helping crisis responders find the informative needle in the tweet haystack ; crisis responders are increasingly using social media , data and other digital sources of information to build a situational understanding of a crisis situation in order to design an effective response . however with the increased availability of such data , the challenge of identifying relevant information from it also increases . this paper presents a successful automatic approach to handling this problem . messages are filtered fo ←
→ bayesian optimization with dimension scheduling : application to biological systems ; bayesian optimization ( bo ) is a data - efficient method for global black - box optimization of an expensive - to - evaluate fitness function . bo typically assumes that computation cost of bo is cheap , but experiments are time consuming or costly . in practice , this allows us to optimize ten or fewer critical parameters in up to 1 , 000 experiments . but experiments may be less expensive than bo methods assume : in some simulation mode ←
→ consistent individualized feature attribution for tree ensembles ; interpreting predictions from tree ensemble methods such as gradient boosting machines and random forests is important , yet feature attribution for trees is often heuristic and not individualized for each prediction . here we show that popular feature attribution methods are inconsistent , meaning they can lower a feature ' s assigned importance when the true impact of that feature actually increases . this is a fundamental problem that casts dou ←
→ a cmos spiking neuron for brain - inspired neural networks with resistive synapses and in - situ learning ; nanoscale resistive memories are expected to fuel dense integration of electronic synapses for large - scale neuromorphic system . to realize such a brain - inspired computing chip , a compact cmos spiking neuron that performs in - situ learning and computing while driving a large number of resistive synapses is desired . this work presents a novel leaky integrate - and - fire neuron design which implements the dual ←
→ an improved parser for data - oriented lexical - functional analysis ; we present an lfg - dop parser which uses fragments from lfg - annotated sentences to parse new sentences . experiments with the verbmobil and homecentre corpora show that ( 1 ) viterbi n best search performs about 100 times faster than monte carlo search while both achieve the same accuracy ; ( 2 ) the dop hypothesis which states that parse accuracy increases with increasing fragment size is confirmed for lfg - dop ; ( 3 ) lfg - dop ' s relative frequency est ←
→ convolutional long short - term memory networks for recognizing first person interactions ; in this paper , we present a novel deep learning based approach for addressing the problem of interaction recognition from a first person perspective . the proposed approach uses a pair of convolutional neural networks , whose parameters are shared , for extracting frame level features from successive frames of the video . the frame level features are then aggregated using a convolutional long short - term memory . the hidde ←
→ design of low noise amplifiers using particle swarm optimization ; this short paper presents a work on the design of low noise microwave amplifiers using particle swarm optimization ( pso ) technique . particle swarm optimization is used as a method that is applied to a single stage amplifier circuit to meet two criteria : desired gain and desired low noise . the aim is to get the best optimized design using the predefined constraints for gain and low noise values . the code is written to apply the algorithm to m ←
→ compressive sensing approaches for autonomous object detection in video sequences ; video analytics requires operating with large amounts of data . compressive sensing allows to reduce the number of measurements required to represent the video using the prior knowledge of sparsity of the original signal , but it imposes certain conditions on the design matrix . the bayesian compressive sensing approach relaxes the limitations of the conventional approach using the probabilistic reasoning and allows to includ ←
→ robust image analysis by l1 - norm semi - supervised learning ; this paper presents a novel l1 - norm semi - supervised learning algorithm for robust image analysis by giving new l1 - norm formulation of laplacian regularization which is the key step of graph - based semi - supervised learning . since our l1 - norm laplacian regularization is defined directly over the eigenvectors of the normalized laplacian matrix , we successfully formulate semi - supervised learning as an l1 - norm linear reconstruction problem which can be e ←
→# anorexia , # anarexia , # anarexyia : characterizing online community practices with orthographic variation ; distinctive linguistic practices help communities build solidarity and differentiate themselves from outsiders . in an online community , one such practice is variation in orthography , which includes spelling , punctuation , and capitalization . using a dataset of over two million instagram posts , we investigate orthographic variation in a community that shares pro - eating disorder ( pro - ed ) content . we find ←
→ sequential document representations and simplicial curves ; the popular bag of words assumption represents a document as a histogram of word occurrences . while computationally efficient , such a representation is unable to maintain any sequential information . we present a continuous and differentiable sequential document representation that goes beyond the bag of words assumption , and yet is efficient and effective . this representation employs smooth curves in the multinomial simplex to account for sequentia ←
→ improving sparse associative memories by escaping from bogus fixed points ; the gripon - berrou neural network ( gbnn ) is a recently invented recurrent neural network embracing a ldpc - like sparse encoding setup which makes it extremely resilient to noise and errors . a natural use of gbnn is as an associative memory . there are two activation rules for the neuron dynamics , namely sum - of - sum and sum - of - max . the latter outperforms the former in terms of retrieval rate by a huge margin . in prior discussions and e ←
→ artifact reduction for separable non - local means ; it was recently demonstrated [ j . electron . imaging , 25 ( 2 ), 2016 ] that one can perform fast non - local means ( nlm ) denoising of one - dimensional signals using a method called lifting . the cost of lifting is independent of the patch length , which dramatically reduces the run - time for large patches . unfortunately , it is difficult to directly extend lifting for non - local means denoising of images . to bypass this , the authors proposed a separable approximation in ←
→ fast image processing with fully - convolutional networks ; we present an approach to accelerating a wide variety of image processing operators . our approach uses a fully - convolutional network that is trained on input - output pairs that demonstrate the operator ' s action . after training , the original operator need not be run at all . the trained network operates at full resolution and runs in constant time . we investigate the effect of network architecture on approximation accuracy , runtime , and memory footprint ←
→ compact model representation for 3d reconstruction ; 3d reconstruction from 2d images is a central problem in computer vision . recent works have been focusing on reconstruction directly from a single image . it is well known however that only one image cannot provide enough information for such a reconstruction . a prior knowledge that has been entertained are 3d cad models due to its online ubiquity . a fundamental question is how to compactly represent millions of cad models while allowing generalization to ←
→ improving precision and recall of face recognition in sipp with combination of modified mean search and lsh ; although face recognition has been improved much as the development of deep neural networks , sipp ( single image per person ) problem in face recognition has not been better solved , especially in practical applications where searching over complicated database . in this paper , a combination of modified mean search and lsh method would be introduced orderly to improve the precision and recall of sipp f ←
→ inverting face embeddings with convolutional neural networks ; deep neural networks have dramatically advanced the state of the art for many areas of machine learning . recently they have been shown to have a remarkable ability to generate highly complex visual artifacts such as images and text rather than simply recognize them . in this work we use neural networks to effectively invert low - dimensional face embeddings while producing realistically looking consistent images . our contribution is twofold , firs ←
→ independent component analysis by entropy maximization with kernels ; independent component analysis ( ica ) is the most popular method for blind source separation ( bss ) with a diverse set of applications , such as biomedical signal processing , video and image analysis , and communications . maximum likelihood ( ml ), an optimal theoretical framework for ica , requires knowledge of the true underlying probability density function ( pdf ) of the latent sources , which , in many applications , is unknown . ica algorithms c ←
→ em - based mixture models applied to video event detection ; surveillance system ( ss ) development requires hi - tech support to prevail over the shortcomings related to the massive quantity of visual information from sss . anything but reduced human monitoring became impossible by means of its physical and economic implications , and an advance towards an automated surveillance becomes the only way out . when it comes to a computer vision system , automatic video event comprehension is a challenging task due to mot ←
→ sequential matching network : a new architecture for multi - turn response selection in retrieval - based chatbots ; we study response selection for multi - turn conversation in retrieval - based chatbots . existing work either concatenates utterances in context or matches a response with a highly abstract context vector finally , which may lose relationships among utterances or important contextual information . we propose a sequential matching network ( smn ) to address both problems . smn first matches a response wit ←
→ aligned image - word representations improve inductive transfer across vision - language tasks ; an important goal of computer vision is to build systems that learn visual representations over time that can be applied to many tasks . in this paper , we investigate a vision - language embedding as a core representation and show that it leads to better cross - task transfer than standard multi - task learning . in particular , the task of visual recognition is aligned to the task of visual question answering by forcing e ←
→ stochastic continuum armed bandit problem of few linear parameters in high dimensions ; we consider a stochastic continuum armed bandit problem where the arms are indexed by the $\ ell_2 $ ball $ b_ { d }( 1 +\ nu )$ of radius $ 1 +\ nu $ in $\ mathbb { r }^ d $. the reward functions $ r : b_ { d }( 1 +\ nu ) \ rightarrow \ mathbb { r }$ are considered to intrinsically depend on $ k \ ll d $ unknown linear parameters so that $ r (\ mathbf { x }) = g (\ mathbf { a } \ mathbf { x })$ where $\ mathbf { a }$ is a full rank $ k \ times d $ matrix . assuming the mean re ←
→ sequential plan recognition ; plan recognition algorithms infer agents ' plans from their observed actions . due to imperfect knowledge about the agent ' s behavior and the environment , it is often the case that there are multiple hypotheses about an agent ' s plans that are consistent with the observations , though only one of these hypotheses is correct . this paper addresses the problem of how to disambiguate between hypotheses , by querying the acting agent about whether a candidate plan in one of the hypotheses ←
→ self - correcting models for model - based reinforcement learning ; when an agent cannot represent a perfectly accurate model of its environment ' s dynamics , model - based reinforcement learning ( mbrl ) can fail catastrophically . planning involves composing the predictions of the model ; when flawed predictions are composed , even minor errors can compound and render the model useless for planning . hallucinated replay ( talvitie 2014 ) trains the model to " correct " itself when it produces errors , substantially improvin ←
→ highly accurate model for prediction of lung nodule malignancy with ct scans ; computed tomography ( ct ) examinations are commonly used to predict lung nodule malignancy in patients , which are shown to improve noninvasive early diagnosis of lung cancer . it remains challenging for computational approaches to achieve performance comparable to experienced radiologists . here we present nodulex , a systematic approach to predict lung nodule malignancy from ct data , based on deep learning convolutional neural net ←
→ scribbler : controlling deep image synthesis with sketch and color ; recently , there have been several promising methods to generate realistic imagery from deep convolutional networks . these methods sidestep the traditional computer graphics rendering pipeline and instead generate imagery at the pixel level by learning from large collections of photos ( e . g . faces or bedrooms ). however , these methods are of limited utility because it is difficult for a user to control what the network produces . in this paper ,←
→ exponentially increasing the capacity - to - computation ratio for conditional computation in deep learning ; many state - of - the - art results obtained with deep networks are achieved with the largest models that could be trained , and if more computation power was available , we might be able to exploit much larger datasets in order to improve generalization ability . whereas in learning algorithms such as decision trees the ratio of capacity ( e . g ., the number of parameters ) to computation is very favorable ( up to ←
→ fully convolutional grasp detection network with oriented anchor box ; in this paper , we present a real - time approach to predict multiple grasping poses for a parallel - plate robotic gripper using rgb images . a model with oriented anchor box mechanism is proposed and a new matching strategy is used during the training process . an end - to - end fully convolutional neural network is employed in our work . the network consists of two parts : the feature extractor and multi - grasp predictor . the feature extractor is a ←
→ random forests versus neural networks - what ' s best for camera localization ? ; this work addresses the task of camera localization in a known 3d scene given a single input rgb image . state - of - the - art approaches accomplish this in two steps : firstly , regressing for every pixel in the image its 3d scene coordinate and subsequently , using these coordinates to estimate the final 6d camera pose via ransac . to solve the first step , random forests ( rfs ) are typically used . on the other hand , neural networks ( nns ←
→ zero - shot fine - grained classification by deep feature learning with semantics ; fine - grained image classification , which aims to distinguish images with subtle distinctions , is a challenging task due to two main issues : lack of sufficient training data for every class and difficulty in learning discriminative features for representation . in this paper , to address the two issues , we propose a two - phase framework for recognizing images from unseen fine - grained classes , i . e . zero - shot fine - grained classifica ←
→ c - mix : a high dimensional mixture model for censored durations , with applications to genetic data ; we introduce a mixture model for censored durations ( c - mix ), and develop maximum likelihood inference for the joint estimation of the time distributions and latent regression parameters of the model . we consider a high - dimensional setting , with datasets containing a large number of biomedical covariates . we therefore penalize the negative log - likelihood by the elastic - net , which leads to a sparse parameteri ←
→ variable types for meaning assembly : a logical syntax for generic noun phrases introduced by most ; this paper proposes a way to compute the meanings associated with sentences with generic noun phrases corresponding to the generalized quantifier most . we call these generics specimens and they resemble stereotypes or prototypes in lexical semantics . the meanings are viewed as logical formulae that can thereafter be interpreted in your favourite models . to do so , we depart significantly from the dominant fr ←
→ meaning - focused and quantum - inspired information retrieval ; in recent years , quantum - based methods have promisingly integrated the traditional procedures in information retrieval ( ir ) and natural language processing ( nlp ). inspired by our research on the identification and application of quantum structures in cognition , more specifically our work on the representation of concepts and their combinations , we put forward a ' quantum meaning based ' framework for structured query retrieval in text corpora and st ←
→ backprop kf : learning discriminative deterministic state estimators ; generative state estimators based on probabilistic filters and smoothers are one of the most popular classes of state estimators for robots and autonomous vehicles . however , generative models have limited capacity to handle rich sensory observations , such as camera images , since they must model the entire distribution over sensor readings . discriminative models do not suffer from this limitation , but are typically more complex to train as ←
→ color texture classification approach based on combination of primitive pattern units and statistical features ; texture classification became one of the problems which has been paid much attention on by image processing scientists since late 80s . consequently , since now many different methods have been proposed to solve this problem . in most of these methods the researchers attempted to describe and discriminate textures based on linear and non - linear patterns . the linear and non - linear patterns on any w ←
→ combinatorial multi - armed bandits for real - time strategy games ; games with large branching factors pose a significant challenge for game tree search algorithms . in this paper , we address this problem with a sampling strategy for monte carlo tree search ( mcts ) algorithms called {\ em na \"{ i } ve sampling }, based on a variant of the multi - armed bandit problem called {\ em combinatorial multi - armed bandits } ( cmab ). we analyze the theoretical properties of several variants of {\ em na \"{ i } ve sampling }, and empirica ←
→ deep relative attributes ; visual attributes are great means of describing images or scenes , in a way both humans and computers understand . in order to establish a correspondence between images and to be able to compare the strength of each property between images , relative attributes were introduced . however , since their introduction , hand - crafted and engineered features were used to learn increasingly complex models for the problem of relative attributes . this limits the applicability of those methods for ←
→ inference in topic models : sparsity and trade - off ; topic models are popular for modeling discrete data ( e . g ., texts , images , videos , links ), and provide an efficient way to discover hidden structures / semantics in massive data . one of the core problems in this field is the posterior inference for individual data instances . this problem is particularly important in streaming environments , but is often intractable . in this paper , we investigate the use of the frank - wolfe algorithm ( fw ) for recovering sparse s ←
→ occlusion edge detection in rgb - d frames using deep convolutional networks ; occlusion edges in images which correspond to range discontinuity in the scene from the point of view of the observer are an important prerequisite for many vision and mobile robot tasks . although they can be extracted from range data however extracting them from images and videos would be extremely beneficial . we trained a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to identify occlusion edges in images and videos with both rgb - d an ←
→ household electricity demand forecasting -- benchmarking state - of - the - art methods ; the increasing use of renewable energy sources with variable output , such as solar photovoltaic and wind power generation , calls for smart grids that effectively manage flexible loads and energy storage . the ability to forecast consumption at different locations in distribution systems will be a key capability of smart grids . the goal of this paper is to benchmark state - of - the - art methods for forecasting electricity demand ←
→ bollywood movie corpus for text , images and videos ; in past few years , several data - sets have been released for text and images . we present an approach to create the data - set for use in detecting and removing gender bias from text . we also include a set of challenges we have faced while creating this corpora . in this work , we have worked with movie data from wikipedia plots and movie trailers from youtube . our bollywood movie corpus contains 4000 movies extracted from wikipedia and 880 trailers extracted f ←
→ synthesis - based robust low resolution face recognition ; recognition of low resolution face images is a challenging problem in many practical face recognition systems . methods have been proposed in the face recognition literature for the problem which assume that the probe is low resolution , but a high resolution gallery is available for recognition . these attempts have been aimed at modifying the probe image such that the resultant image provides better discrimination . we formulate the problem differently ←
→ about the creation of a parallel bilingual corpora of web - publications ; the algorithm of the creation texts parallel corpora was presented . the algorithm is based on the use of " key words " in text documents , and on the means of their automated translation . key words were singled out by means of using russian and ukrainian morphological dictionaries , as well as dictionaries of the translation of nouns for the russian and ukrainianlanguages . besides , to calculate the weights of the terms in the documents , em ←
→ projection onto the capped simplex ; we provide a simple and efficient algorithm for computing the euclidean projection of a point onto the capped simplex --- a simplex with an additional uniform bound on each coordinate --- together with an elementary proof . both the matlab and c ++ implementations of the proposed algorithm can be downloaded at https :// eng . ucmerced . edu / people / wwang5 .←
→ separating topology and geometry in space planning ; we are dealing with the problem of space layout planning here . we present an architectural conceptual cad approach . starting with design specifications in terms of constraints over spaces , a specific enumeration heuristics leads to a complete set of consistent conceptual design solutions named topological solutions . these topological solutions which do not presume any precise definitive dimension correspond to the sketching step that an architect carries ←
→ bregman alternating direction method of multipliers ; the mirror descent algorithm ( mda ) generalizes gradient descent by using a bregman divergence to replace squared euclidean distance . in this paper , we similarly generalize the alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ) to bregman admm ( badmm ), which allows the choice of different bregman divergences to exploit the structure of problems . badmm provides a unified framework for admm and its variants , including generalized admm , inexact admm and beth ←
→ an augmented lagrangian approach for sparse principal component analysis ; principal component analysis ( pca ) is a widely used technique for data analysis and dimension reduction with numerous applications in science and engineering . however , the standard pca suffers from the fact that the principal components ( pcs ) are usually linear combinations of all the original variables , and it is thus often difficult to interpret the pcs . to alleviate this drawback , various sparse pca approaches were proposed in lit ←
→ comparison of various image fusion methods for impervious surface classification from vnredsat - 1 ; impervious surface is an important indicator for urban development monitoring . accurate urban impervious surfaces mapping with vnredsat - 1 remains challenging due to their spectral diversity not captured by individual pan image . in this artical , five multi - resolution image fusion techniques were compared for classification task of urban impervious surface . the result shows that for vnredsat - 1 dataset , unb and ←
→ a gru - based encoder - decoder approach with attention for online handwritten mathematical expression recognition ; in this study , we present a novel end - to - end approach based on the encoder - decoder framework with the attention mechanism for online handwritten mathematical expression recognition ( ohmer ). first , the input two - dimensional ink trajectory information of handwritten expression is encoded via the gated recurrent unit based recurrent neural network ( gru - rnn ). then the decoder is also implemented by ←
→ proceedings of the 39th annual workshop of the austrian association for pattern recognition ( oagm ), 2015 ; the 39th annual workshop of the austrian association for pattern recognition ( oagm / aapr ) provides a platform for presentation and discussion of research progress as well as research projects within the oagm / aapr community .←
→ convolutional neural networks for text categorization : shallow word - level vs . deep character - level ; this paper reports the performances of shallow word - level convolutional neural networks ( cnn ), our earlier work ( 2015 ), on the eight datasets with relatively large training data that were used for testing the very deep character - level cnn in conneau et al . ( 2016 ). our findings are as follows . the shallow word - level cnns achieve better error rates than the error rates reported in conneau et al ., though the ←
→ semi - supervised learning on graphs based on local label distributions ; in this work , we propose a novel approach for the semi - supervised node classification . precisely , we propose a method which takes labels in the local neighborhood of different locality levels into consideration . most previous approaches that tackle the problem of node classification consider nodes to be similar , if they have shared neighbors or are close to each other in the graph . recent methods for attributed graphs additionally take ←
→ shift : a zero flop , zero parameter alternative to spatial convolutions ; neural networks rely on convolutions to aggregate spatial information . however , spatial convolutions are expensive in terms of model size and computation , both of which grow quadratically with respect to kernel size . in this paper , we present a parameter - free , flop - free " shift " operation as an alternative to spatial convolutions . we fuse shifts and point - wise convolutions to construct end - to - end trainable shift - based modules , with a hy ←
→ a comparison of svm and rvm for document classification ; document classification is a task of assigning a new unclassified document to one of the predefined set of classes . the content based document classification uses the content of the document with some weighting criteria to assign it to one of the predefined classes . it is a major task in library science , electronic document management systems and information sciences . this paper investigates document classification by using two different classificati ←
→ vnect : real - time 3d human pose estimation with a single rgb camera ; we present the first real - time method to capture the full global 3d skeletal pose of a human in a stable , temporally consistent manner using a single rgb camera . our method combines a new convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based pose regressor with kinematic skeleton fitting . our novel fully - convolutional pose formulation regresses 2d and 3d joint positions jointly in real time and does not require tightly cropped input frames . a real - time ←
→ visual cues to improve myoelectric control of upper limb prostheses ; the instability of myoelectric signals over time complicates their use to control highly articulated prostheses . to address this problem , studies have tried to combine surface electromyography with modalities that are less affected by the amputation and environment , such as accelerometry or gaze information . in the latter case , the hypothesis is that a subject looks at the object he or she intends to manipulate and that knowing this objec ←
→ multi - environment model estimation for motility analysis of caenorhabditis elegans ; the nematode caenorhabditis elegans is a well - known model organism used to investigate fundamental questions in biology . motility assays of this small roundworm are designed to study the relationships between genes and behavior . commonly , motility analysis is used to classify nematode movements and characterize them quantitatively . over the past years , c . elegans ' motility has been studied across a wide range of environme ←
→ sparsity assisted solution to the twin image problem in phase retrieval ; the iterative phase retrieval problem for complex - valued objects from fourier transform magnitude data is known to suffer from the twin image problem . in particular , when the object support is centro - symmetric , the iterative solution often stagnates such that the resultant complex image contains the features of both the desired solution and its inverted and complex - conjugated replica . the conventional approach to address the twin imag ←
→ scalable and robust construction of topical hierarchies ; automated generation of high - quality topical hierarchies for a text collection is a dream problem in knowledge engineering with many valuable applications . in this paper a scalable and robust algorithm is proposed for constructing a hierarchy of topics from a text collection . we divide and conquer the problem using a top - down recursive framework , based on a tensor orthogonal decomposition technique . we solve a critical challenge to perform scalable i ←
→ personalizing a dialogue system with transfer reinforcement learning ; it is difficult to train a personalized task - oriented dialogue system because the data collected from each individual is often insufficient . personalized dialogue systems trained on a small dataset can overfit and make it difficult to adapt to different user needs . one way to solve this problem is to consider a collection of multiple users ' data as a source domain and an individual user ' s data as a target domain , and to perform a transfe ←
→ unsupervised learning of invariant representations in hierarchical architectures ; the present phase of machine learning is characterized by supervised learning algorithms relying on large sets of labeled examples ($ n \ to \ infty $). the next phase is likely to focus on algorithms capable of learning from very few labeled examples ($ n \ to 1 $), like humans seem able to do . we propose an approach to this problem and describe the underlying theory , based on the unsupervised , automatic learning of a `` good '' re ←
→ hellinger distance trees for imbalanced streams ; classifiers trained on data sets possessing an imbalanced class distribution are known to exhibit poor generalisation performance . this is known as the imbalanced learning problem . the problem becomes particularly acute when we consider incremental classifiers operating on imbalanced data streams , especially when the learning objective is rare class identification . as accuracy may provide a misleading impression of performance on imbalanced data , existing st ←
→ an ensemble classifier for predicting the onset of type ii diabetes ; prediction of disease onset from patient survey and lifestyle data is quickly becoming an important tool for diagnosing a disease before it progresses . in this study , data from the national health and nutrition examination survey ( nhanes ) questionnaire is used to predict the onset of type ii diabetes . an ensemble model using the output of five classification algorithms was developed to predict the onset on diabetes based on 16 features . t ←
→ language understanding as a step towards human level intelligence - automatizing the construction of the initial dictionary from example sentences ; for a system to understand natural language , it needs to be able to take natural language text and answer questions given in natural language with respect to that text ; it also needs to be able to follow instructions given in natural language . to achieve this , a system must be able to process natural language and be able to capture the knowledge within that ←
→ particle filtering for plca model with application to music transcription ; automatic music transcription ( amt ) consists in automatically estimating the notes in an audio recording , through three attributes : onset time , duration and pitch . probabilistic latent component analysis ( plca ) has become very popular for this task . plca is a spectrogram factorization method , able to model a magnitude spectrogram as a linear combination of spectral vectors from a dictionary . such methods use the expectation - maximi ←
→ querying biomedical ontologies in natural language using answer set ; in this work , we develop an intelligent user interface that allows users to enter biomedical queries in a natural language , and that presents the answers ( possibly with explanations if requested ) in a natural language . we develop a rule layer over biomedical ontologies and databases , and use automated reasoners to answer queries considering relevant parts of the rule layer .←
→ refinement revisited with connections to bayes error , conditional entropy and calibrated classifiers ; the concept of refinement from probability elicitation is considered for proper scoring rules . taking directions from the axioms of probability , refinement is further clarified using a hilbert space interpretation and reformulated into the underlying data distribution setting where connections to maximal marginal diversity and conditional entropy are considered and used to derive measures that provide ar ←
→ transfer learning for melanoma detection : participation in isic 2017 skin lesion classification challenge ; this manuscript describes our participation in the international skin imaging collaboration ' s 2017 skin lesion analysis towards melanoma detection competition . we participated in part 3 : lesion classification . the two stated goals of this binary image classification challenge were to distinguish between ( a ) melanoma and ( b ) nevus and seborrheic keratosis , followed by distinguishing between ( a ) sebor ←
→ attention on attention : architectures for visual question answering ( vqa ) ; visual question answering ( vqa ) is an increasingly popular topic in deep learning research , requiring coordination of natural language processing and computer vision modules into a single architecture . we build upon the model which placed first in the vqa challenge by developing thirteen new attention mechanisms and introducing a simplified classifier . we performed 300 gpu hours of extensive hyperparameter and architecture searche ←
→ a d . c . programming approach to the sparse generalized eigenvalue problem ; in this paper , we consider the sparse eigenvalue problem wherein the goal is to obtain a sparse solution to the generalized eigenvalue problem . we achieve this by constraining the cardinality of the solution to the generalized eigenvalue problem and obtain sparse principal component analysis ( pca ), sparse canonical correlation analysis ( cca ) and sparse fisher discriminant analysis ( fda ) as special cases . unlike the $\ ell_1 $- norm appr ←
→ unsupervised authorship attribution ; we describe a technique for attributing parts of a written text to a set of unknown authors . nothing is assumed to be known a priori about the writing styles of potential authors . we use multiple independent clusterings of an input text to identify parts that are similar and dissimilar to one another . we describe algorithms necessary to combine the multiple clusterings into a meaningful output . we show results of the application of the technique on texts having multiple ←
→ towards structural natural language formalization : mapping discourse to controlled natural language ; the author describes a conceptual study towards mapping grounded natural language discourse representation structures to instances of controlled language statements . this can be achieved via a pipeline of preexisting state of the art technologies , namely natural language syntax to semantic discourse mapping , and a reduction of the latter to controlled language discourse , given a set of previously learnt r ←
→ an improved bound for the nystrom method for large eigengap ; we develop an improved bound for the approximation error of the nystr \"{ o } m method under the assumption that there is a large eigengap in the spectrum of kernel matrix . this is based on the empirical observation that the eigengap has a significant impact on the approximation error of the nystr \"{ o } m method . our approach is based on the concentration inequality of integral operator and the theory of matrix perturbation . our analysis shows that whe ←
→ acquisition accuracy evaluation in visual inspection systems - a practical approach ; this paper draws a proposal of a set of parameters and methods for accuracy evaluation of visual inspection systems . the case of a monochrome board is treated , but practically all conclusions and methods may be extended for colour acquisition . basically , the proposed parameters are grouped in five sets as follows : internal noise ; video adc cuantisation parameters ; analogue processing section parameters ; dominant frequencies ;←
→ ms . pac - man versus ghost team cig 2016 competition ; this paper introduces the revival of the popular ms . pac - man versus ghost team competition . we present an updated game engine with partial observability constraints , a new multi - agent systems approach to developing ghost agents and several sample controllers to ease the development of entries . a restricted communication protocol is provided for the ghosts , providing a more challenging environment than before . the competition will debut at the ieee computa ←
→ active exploration for learning symbolic representations ; we introduce an online active exploration algorithm for data - efficiently learning an abstract symbolic model of an environment . our algorithm is divided into two parts : the first part quickly generates an intermediate bayesian symbolic model from the data that the agent has collected so far , which the agent can then use along with the second part to guide its future exploration towards regions of the state space that the model is uncertain about . we ←
→ continuous action recognition based on sequence alignment ; continuous action recognition is more challenging than isolated recognition because classification and segmentation must be simultaneously carried out . we build on the well known dynamic time warping ( dtw ) framework and devise a novel visual alignment technique , namely dynamic frame warping ( dfw ), which performs isolated recognition based on per - frame representation of videos , and on aligning a test sequence with a model sequence . moreover , we prop ←
→ a fully - automated pipeline for detection and segmentation of liver lesions and pathological lymph nodes ; we propose a fully - automated method for accurate and robust detection and segmentation of potentially cancerous lesions found in the liver and in lymph nodes . the process is performed in three steps , including organ detection , lesion detection and lesion segmentation . our method applies machine learning techniques such as marginal space learning and convolutional neural networks , as well as active con ←
→ consistency of the group lasso and multiple kernel learning ; we consider the least - square regression problem with regularization by a block 1 - norm , i . e ., a sum of euclidean norms over spaces of dimensions larger than one . this problem , referred to as the group lasso , extends the usual regularization by the 1 - norm where all spaces have dimension one , where it is commonly referred to as the lasso . in this paper , we study the asymptotic model consistency of the group lasso . we derive necessary and sufficient ←
→ the greedy miser : learning under test - time budgets ; as machine learning algorithms enter applications in industrial settings , there is increased interest in controlling their cpu - time during testing . the cpu - time consists of the running time of the algorithm and the extraction time of the features . the latter can vary drastically when the feature set is diverse . in this paper , we propose an algorithm , the greedy miser , that incorporates the feature extraction cost during training to explicitly minimize the ←
→ the infinite latent events model ; we present the infinite latent events model , a nonparametric hierarchical bayesian distribution over infinite dimensional dynamic bayesian networks with binary state representations and noisy - or - like transitions . the distribution can be used to learn structure in discrete timeseries data by simultaneously inferring a set of latent events , which events fired at each timestep , and how those events are causally linked . we illustrate the model on a sound factorization task , a ←
→ crop planning using stochastic visual optimization ; as the world population increases and arable land decreases , it becomes vital to improve the productivity of the agricultural land available . given the weather and soil properties , farmers need to take critical decisions such as which seed variety to plant and in what proportion , in order to maximize productivity . these decisions are irreversible and any unusual behavior of external factors , such as weather , can have catastrophic impact on the productivit ←
→ multiresolution kernels ; we present in this work a new methodology to design kernels on data which is structured with smaller components , such as text , images or sequences . this methodology is a template procedure which can be applied on most kernels on measures and takes advantage of a more detailed " bag of components " representation of the objects . to obtain such a detailed description , we consider possible decompositions of the original bag into a collection of nested bags , following a prior knowledge o ←
→ real - time deep video deinterlacing ; interlacing is a widely used technique , for television broadcast and video recording , to double the perceived frame rate without increasing the bandwidth . but it presents annoying visual artifacts , such as flickering and silhouette " serration ," during the playback . existing state - of - the - art deinterlacing methods either ignore the temporal information to provide real - time performance but lower visual quality , or estimate the motion for better deinterlacing but with a trad ←
→ geometry - aware similarity learning on spd manifolds for visual recognition ; symmetric positive definite ( spd ) matrices have been widely used for data representation in many visual recognition tasks . the success mainly attributes to learning discriminative spd matrices with encoding the riemannian geometry of the underlying spd manifold . in this paper , we propose a geometry - aware spd similarity learning ( spdsl ) framework to learn discriminative spd features by directly pursuing manifold - manifold transform ←
→ modeling reverse thinking for machine learning ; human inertial thinking schemes can be formed through learning , which are then applied to quickly solve similar problems later . however , when problems are significantly different , inertial thinking generally presents the solutions that are definitely imperfect . in such cases , people will apply creative thinking , such as reverse thinking , to solve problems . similarly , machine learning methods also form inertial thinking schemes through learning the knowledge f ←
→ complex word identification : challenges in data annotation and system performance ; this paper revisits the problem of complex word identification ( cwi ) following up the semeval cwi shared task . we use ensemble classifiers to investigate how well computational methods can discriminate between complex and non - complex words . furthermore , we analyze the classification performance to understand what makes lexical complexity challenging . our findings show that most systems performed poorly on the semeval cwi d ←
→ differentially private empirical risk minimization with input perturbation ; we propose a novel framework for the differentially private erm , input perturbation . existing differentially private erm implicitly assumed that the data contributors submit their private data to a database expecting that the database invokes a differentially private mechanism for publication of the learned model . in input perturbation , each data contributor independently randomizes her / his data by itself and submits the perturbe ←
→ deep learning for target classification from sar imagery : data augmentation and translation invariance ; this report deals with translation invariance of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for automatic target recognition ( atr ) from synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) imagery . in particular , the translation invariance of cnns for sar atr represents the robustness against misalignment of target chips extracted from sar images . to understand the translation invariance of the cnns , we trained cnns which classif ←
→ coupling distributed and symbolic execution for natural language queries ; building neural networks to query a knowledge base ( a table ) with natural language is an emerging research topic in deep learning . an executor for table querying typically requires multiple steps of execution because queries may have complicated structures . in previous studies , researchers have developed either fully distributed executors or symbolic executors for table querying . a distributed executor can be trained in an end - to - end ←
→ a discourse - based approach in text - based machine translation ; this paper presents a theoretical research based approach to ellipsis resolution in machine translation . the formula of discourse is applied in order to resolve ellipses . the validity of the discourse formula is analyzed by applying it to the real world text , i . e ., newspaper fragments . the source text is converted into mono - sentential discourses where complex discourses require further dissection either directly into primitive discourses or firs ←
→ inverting variational autoencoders for improved generative accuracy ; recent advances in semi - supervised learning with deep generative models have shown promise in generalizing from small labeled datasets ($\ mathbf { x },\ mathbf { y }$) to large unlabeled ones ($\ mathbf { x }$). in the case where the codomain has known structure , a large unfeatured dataset ($\ mathbf { y }$) is potentially available . we develop a parameter - efficient , deep semi - supervised generative model for the purpose of exploiting this untapped data ←
→ evaluating protein - protein interaction predictors with a novel 3 - dimensional metric ; in order for the predicted interactions to be directly adopted by biologists , the ma - chine learning predictions have to be of high precision , regardless of recall . this aspect cannot be evaluated or numerically represented well by traditional metrics like accuracy , roc , or precision - recall curve . in this work , we start from the alignment in sensitivity of roc and recall of precision - recall curve , and propose an evaluati ←
→ interpnet : neural introspection for interpretable deep learning ; humans are able to explain their reasoning . on the contrary , deep neural networks are not . this paper attempts to bridge this gap by introducing a new way to design interpretable neural networks for classification , inspired by physiological evidence of the human visual system ' s inner - workings . this paper proposes a neural network design paradigm , termed interpnet , which can be combined with any existing classification architecture to generate ←
→ on the accuracy of language trees ; historical linguistics aims at inferring the most likely language phylogenetic tree starting from information concerning the evolutionary relatedness of languages . the available information are typically lists of homologous ( lexical , phonological , syntactic ) features or characters for many different languages . from this perspective the reconstruction of language trees is an example of inverse problems : starting from present , incomplete and often noisy , information , one ←
→ autonomous and connected intersection crossing traffic management using discrete - time occupancies trajectory ; in this paper , we address a problem of safe and efficient intersection crossing traffic management of autonomous and connected ground traffic . toward this objective , we propose an algorithm that is called the discrete - time occupancies trajectory based intersection traffic coordination algorithm ( dica ). we first prove that the basic dica is deadlock free and also starvation free . then , we show tha ←
→ building a syllable database to solve the problem of khmer word segmentation ; word segmentation is a basic problem in natural language processing . with the languages having the complex writing system like the khmer language in southern of vietnam , this problem really very intractable , posing the significant challenges . although there are some experts in vietnam as well as international having deeply researched this problem , there are still no reasonable results meeting the demand , in particular , no treat ←
→ egosampling : fast - forward and stereo for egocentric videos ; while egocentric cameras like gopro are gaining popularity , the videos they capture are long , boring , and difficult to watch from start to end . fast forwarding ( i . e . frame sampling ) is a natural choice for faster video browsing . however , this accentuates the shake caused by natural head motion , making the fast forwarded video useless . we propose egosampling , an adaptive frame sampling that gives more stable fast forwarded videos . adaptive frame ←
→ learning face representation from scratch ; pushing by big data and deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ), the performance of face recognition is becoming comparable to human . using private large scale training datasets , several groups achieve very high performance on lfw , i . e ., 97 % to 99 %. while there are many open source implementations of cnn , none of large scale face dataset is publicly available . the current situation in the field of face recognition is that data is more important than algorithm . to ←
→ using data analytics to detect anomalous states in vehicles ; vehicles are becoming more and more connected , this opens up a larger attack surface which not only affects the passengers inside vehicles , but also people around them . these vulnerabilities exist because modern systems are built on the comparatively less secure and old can bus framework which lacks even basic authentication . since a new protocol can only help future vehicles and not older vehicles , our approach tries to solve the issue as a data ←
→ a pac rl algorithm for episodic pomdps ; many interesting real world domains involve reinforcement learning ( rl ) in partially observable environments . efficient learning in such domains is important , but existing sample complexity bounds for partially observable rl are at least exponential in the episode length . we give , to our knowledge , the first partially observable rl algorithm with a polynomial bound on the number of episodes on which the algorithm may not achieve near - optimal performance . our algorith ←
→ face recognition algorithms based on transformed shape features ; human face recognition is , indeed , a challenging task , especially under the illumination and pose variations . we examine in the present paper effectiveness of two simple algorithms using coiflet packet and radon transforms to recognize human faces from some databases of still gray level images , under the environment of illumination and pose variations . both the algorithms convert 2 - d gray level training face images into their respective depth ←
→ acquiring background knowledge to improve moral value prediction ; in this paper , we address the problem of detecting expressions of moral values in tweets using content analysis . this is a particularly challenging problem because moral values are often only implicitly signaled in language , and tweets contain little contextual information due to length constraints . to address these obstacles , we present a novel approach to automatically acquire background knowledge from an external knowledge base to enrich ←
→ linear models and linear mixed effects models in r with linguistic applications ; this text is a conceptual introduction to mixed effects modeling with linguistic applications , using the r programming environment . the reader is introduced to linear modeling and assumptions , as well as to mixed effects / multilevel modeling , including a discussion of random intercepts , random slopes and likelihood ratio tests . the example used throughout the text focuses on the phonetic analysis of voice pitch data .←
→ an extreme learning machine approach to predicting near chaotic hcci combustion phasing in real - time ; fuel efficient homogeneous charge compression ignition ( hcci ) engine combustion timing predictions must contend with non - linear chemistry , non - linear physics , period doubling bifurcation ( s ), turbulent mixing , model parameters that can drift day - to - day , and air - fuel mixture state information that cannot typically be resolved on a cycle - to - cycle basis , especially during transients . in previous work , an abs ←
→ accelerated methods for deep reinforcement learning ; deep reinforcement learning ( rl ) has achieved many recent successes , yet experiment turn - around time remains a key bottleneck in research and in practice . we investigate how to optimize existing deep rl algorithms for modern computers , specifically for a combination of cpus and gpus . we confirm that both policy gradient and q - value learning algorithms can be adapted to learn using many parallel simulator instances . we further find it possible to train us ←
→ a fast method for computing principal curvatures from range images ; estimation of surface curvature from range data is important for a range of tasks in computer vision and robotics , object segmentation , object recognition and robotic grasping estimation . this work presents a fast method of robustly computing accurate metric principal curvature values from noisy point clouds which was implemented on gpu . in contrast to existing readily available solutions which first differentiate the surface to estimate s ←
→ a rule - based short query intent identification system ; using sms ( short message system ), cell phones can be used to query for information about various topics . in an sms based search system , one of the key problems is to identify a domain ( broad topic ) associated with the user query ; so that a more comprehensive search can be carried out by the domain specific search engine . in this paper we use a rule based approach , to identify the domain , called short query intent identification system ( sqiis ). we const ←
→ auto - jacobin : auto - encoder jacobian binary hashing ; binary codes can be used to speed up nearest neighbor search tasks in large scale data sets as they are efficient for both storage and retrieval . in this paper , we propose a robust auto - encoder model that preserves the geometric relationships of high - dimensional data sets in hamming space . this is done by considering a noise - removing function in a region surrounding the manifold where the training data points lie . this function is defined with the propert ←
→ divide and conquer networks ; we consider the learning of algorithmic tasks by mere observation of input - output pairs . rather than studying this as a black - box discrete regression problem with no assumption whatsoever on the input - output mapping , we concentrate on tasks that are amenable to the principle of divide and conquer , and study what are its implications in terms of learning . this principle creates a powerful inductive bias that we leverage with neural archi - tectures that are defined recursively ←
→ multiple kernel learning in the primal for multi - modal alzheimer ' s disease classification ; to achieve effective and efficient detection of alzheimer ' s disease ( ad ), many machine learning methods have been introduced into this realm . however , the general case of limited training samples , as well as different feature representations typically makes this problem challenging . in this work , we propose a novel multiple kernel learning framework to combine multi - modal features for ad classification , which is sc ←
→ the off - switch game ; it is clear that one of the primary tools we can use to mitigate the potential risk from a misbehaving ai system is the ability to turn the system off . as the capabilities of ai systems improve , it is important to ensure that such systems do not adopt subgoals that prevent a human from switching them off . this is a challenge because many formulations of rational agents create strong incentives for self - preservation . this is not caused by a built - in instinct , but because a rational agen ←
→ end - to - end weakly - supervised semantic alignment ; we tackle the task of semantic alignment where the goal is to compute dense semantic correspondence aligning two images depicting objects of the same category . this is a challenging task due to large intra - class variation , changes in viewpoint and background clutter . we present the following three principal contributions . first , we develop a convolutional neural network architecture for semantic alignment that is trainable in an end - to - end manner from weak i ←
→ low complexity multiply accumulate unit for weight - sharing convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are one of the most successful deep machine learning technologies for processing image , voice and video data . cnns require large amounts of processing capacity and memory , which can exceed the resources of low power mobile and embedded systems . several designs for hardware accelerators have been proposed for cnns which typically contain large numbers of multiply accumulate ( mac ) ←
→ swarms on continuous data ; while being it extremely important , many exploratory data analysis ( eda ) systems have the inhability to perform classification and visualization in a continuous basis or to self - organize new data - items into the older ones ( evenmore into new labels if necessary ), which can be crucial in kdd - knowledge discovery , retrieval and data mining systems ( interactive and online forms of web applications are just one example ). this disadvantge is also present in more recent approaches usin ←
→ deep image category discovery using a transferred similarity function ; automatically discovering image categories in unlabeled natural images is one of the important goals of unsupervised learning . however , the task is challenging and even human beings define visual categories based on a large amount of prior knowledge . in this paper , we similarly utilize prior knowledge to facilitate the discovery of image categories . we present a novel end - to - end network to map unlabeled images to categories as a cluster ←
→ machine - part cell formation through visual decipherable clustering of self organizing map ; machine - part cell formation is used in cellular manufacturing in order to process a large variety , quality , lower work in process levels , reducing manufacturing lead - time and customer response time while retaining flexibility for new products . this paper presents a new and novel approach for obtaining machine cells and part families . in the cellular manufacturing the fundamental problem is the formation of part fam ←
→ leveraging large amounts of weakly supervised data for multi - language sentiment classification ; this paper presents a novel approach for multi - lingual sentiment classification in short texts . this is a challenging task as the amount of training data in languages other than english is very limited . previously proposed multi - lingual approaches typically require to establish a correspondence to english for which powerful classifiers are already available . in contrast , our method does not require such superv ←
→ random forests for industrial device functioning diagnostics using wireless sensor networks ; in this paper , random forests are proposed for operating devices diagnostics in the presence of a variable number of features . in various contexts , like large or difficult - to - access monitored areas , wired sensor networks providing features to achieve diagnostics are either very costly to use or totally impossible to spread out . using a wireless sensor network can solve this problem , but this latter is more subjec ←
→ unite the people : closing the loop between 3d and 2d human representations ; 3d models provide a common ground for different representations of human bodies . in turn , robust 2d estimation has proven to be a powerful tool to obtain 3d fits " in - the - wild ". however , depending on the level of detail , it can be hard to impossible to acquire labeled data for training 2d estimators on large scale . we propose a hybrid approach to this problem : with an extended version of the recently introduced smplify method , we ←
→ tropical land use land cover mapping in pará ( brazil ) using discriminative markov random fields and multi - temporal terrasar - x data ; remote sensing satellite data offer the unique possibility to map land use land cover transformations by providing spatially explicit information . however , detection of short - term processes and land use patterns of high spatial - temporal variability is a challenging task . we present a novel framework using multi - temporal terrasar - x data and machine learning techniques , namely ←
→ a deep bag - of - features model for music auto - tagging ; feature learning and deep learning have drawn great attention in recent years as a way of transforming input data into more effective representations using learning algorithms . such interest has grown in the area of music information retrieval ( mir ) as well , particularly in music audio classification tasks such as auto - tagging . in this paper , we present a two - stage learning model to effectively predict multiple labels from music audio . the first stage le ←
→ multi - focus attention network for efficient deep reinforcement learning ; deep reinforcement learning ( drl ) has shown incredible performance in learning various tasks to the human level . however , unlike human perception , current drl models connect the entire low - level sensory input to the state - action values rather than exploiting the relationship between and among entities that constitute the sensory input . because of this difference , drl needs vast amount of experience samples to learn . in this paper , we ←
→ fast power system security analysis with guided dropout ; we propose a new method to efficiently compute load - flows ( the steady - state of the power - grid for given productions , consumptions and grid topology ), substituting conventional simulators based on differential equation solvers . we use a deep feed - forward neural network trained with load - flows precomputed by simulation . our architecture permits to train a network on so - called " n - 1 " problems , in which load flows are evaluated for every possible line dis ←
→ convergence of the continuous time trajectories of isotropic evolution strategies on monotonic c ^ 2 - composite functions ; the information - geometric optimization ( igo ) has been introduced as a unified framework for stochastic search algorithms . given a parametrized family of probability distributions on the search space , the igo turns an arbitrary optimization problem on the search space into an optimization problem on the parameter space of the probability distribution family and defines a natural gradient ←
→ explainable ai : beware of inmates running the asylum or : how i learnt to stop worrying and love the social and behavioural sciences ; in his seminal book ` the inmates are running the asylum : why high - tech products drive us crazy and how to restore the sanity ' [ 2004 , sams indianapolis , in , usa ], alan cooper argues that a major reason why software is often poorly designed ( from a user perspective ) is that programmers are in charge of design decisions , rather than interaction designers . as a result , programm ←
→ audio spectrogram representations for processing with convolutional neural networks ; one of the decisions that arise when designing a neural network for any application is how the data should be represented in order to be presented to , and possibly generated by , a neural network . for audio , the choice is less obvious than it seems to be for visual images , and a variety of representations have been used for different applications including the raw digitized sample stream , hand - crafted features , machine di ←
→ texture characterization by using shape co - occurrence patterns ; texture characterization is a key problem in image understanding and pattern recognition . in this paper , we present a flexible shape - based texture representation using shape co - occurrence patterns . more precisely , texture images are first represented by tree of shapes , each of which is associated with several geometrical and radiometric attributes . then four typical kinds of shape co - occurrence patterns based on the hierarchical relationship o ←
→ ape - gan : adversarial perturbation elimination with gan ; although neural networks could achieve state - of - the - art performance while recongnizing images , they often suffer a tremendous defeat from adversarial examples -- inputs generated by utilizing imperceptible but intentional perturbation to clean samples from the datasets . how to defense against adversarial examples is an important problem which is well worth researching . so far , very few methods have provided a significant defense to adversarial examples .←
→ use of modality and negation in semantically - informed syntactic mt ; this paper describes the resource - and system - building efforts of an eight - week johns hopkins university human language technology center of excellence summer camp for applied language exploration ( scale - 2009 ) on semantically - informed machine translation ( simt ). we describe a new modality / negation ( mn ) annotation scheme , the creation of a ( publicly available ) mn lexicon , and two automated mn taggers that we built using the annotation schem ←
→ dienstplanerstellung in krankenhaeusern mittels genetischer algorithmen ; this thesis investigates the use of problem - specific knowledge to enhance a genetic algorithm approach to multiple - choice optimisation problems . it shows that such information can significantly enhance performance , but that the choice of information and the way it is included are important factors for success .←
→ image reconstruction using matched wavelet estimated from data sensed compressively using partial canonical identity matrix ; this paper proposes a joint framework wherein lifting - based , separable , image - matched wavelets are estimated from compressively sensed ( cs ) images and used for the reconstruction of the same . matched wavelet can be easily designed if full image is available . also matched wavelet may provide better reconstruction results in cs application compared to standard wavelet sparsifying bas ←
→ the human kernel ; bayesian nonparametric models , such as gaussian processes , provide a compelling framework for automatic statistical modelling : these models have a high degree of flexibility , and automatically calibrated complexity . however , automating human expertise remains elusive ; for example , gaussian processes with standard kernels struggle on function extrapolation problems that are trivial for human learners . in this paper , we create function extrapolation problems and acquire human responses , and ←
→ five dimensions of reasoning in the wild ; reasoning does not work well when done in isolation from its significance , both to the needs and interests of an agent and with respect to the wider world . moreover , those issues may best be handled with a new sort of data structure that goes beyond the knowledge base and incorporates aspects of perceptual knowledge and even more , in which a kind of anticipatory action may be key .←
→ modeling computations in a semantic network ; semantic network research has seen a resurgence from its early history in the cognitive sciences with the inception of the semantic web initiative . the semantic web effort has brought forth an array of technologies that support the encoding , storage , and querying of the semantic network data structure at the world stage . currently , the popular conception of the semantic web is that of a data modeling medium where real and conceptual entities are related in seman ←
→ robust landmark detection for alignment of mouse brain section images ; brightfield and fluorescent imaging of whole brain sections are funda - mental tools of research in mouse brain study . as sectioning and imaging become more efficient , there is an increasing need to automate the post - processing of sec - tions for alignment and three dimensional visualization . there is a further need to facilitate the development of a digital atlas , i . e . a brain - wide map annotated with cell type and tract tracing data , whi ←
→ multi - view learning for multivariate performance measures optimization ; in this paper , we propose the problem of optimizing multivariate performance measures from multi - view data , and an effective method to solve it . this problem has two features : the data points are presented by multiple views , and the target of learning is to optimize complex multivariate performance measures . we propose to learn a linear discriminant functions for each view , and combine them to construct a overall multivariate mapping f ←
→ defeasible logic programming : an argumentative approach ; the work reported here introduces defeasible logic programming ( delp ), a formalism that combines results of logic programming and defeasible argumentation . delp provides the possibility of representing information in the form of weak rules in a declarative manner , and a defeasible argumentation inference mechanism for warranting the entailed conclusions . in delp an argumentation formalism will be used for deciding between contradictory goals . queri ←
→ temporal difference updating without a learning rate ; we derive an equation for temporal difference learning from statistical principles . specifically , we start with the variational principle and then bootstrap to produce an updating rule for discounted state value estimates . the resulting equation is similar to the standard equation for temporal difference learning with eligibility traces , so called td ( lambda ), however it lacks the parameter alpha that specifies the learning rate . in the place of this fre ←
→ structure learning of probabilistic graphical models : a comprehensive survey ; probabilistic graphical models combine the graph theory and probability theory to give a multivariate statistical modeling . they provide a unified description of uncertainty using probability and complexity using the graphical model . especially , graphical models provide the following several useful properties : - graphical models provide a simple and intuitive interpretation of the structures of probabilistic models . on the ot ←
→ on bochner ' s and polya ' s characterizations of positive - definite kernels and the respective random feature maps ; positive - definite kernel functions are fundamental elements of kernel methods and gaussian processes . a well - known construction of such functions comes from bochner ' s characterization , which connects a positive - definite function with a probability distribution . another construction , which appears to have attracted less attention , is polya ' s criterion that characterizes a subset of these functio ←
→ optimal and approximate q - value functions for decentralized pomdps ; decision - theoretic planning is a popular approach to sequential decision making problems , because it treats uncertainty in sensing and acting in a principled way . in single - agent frameworks like mdps and pomdps , planning can be carried out by resorting to q - value functions : an optimal q - value function q * is computed in a recursive manner by dynamic programming , and then an optimal policy is extracted from q *. in this paper we study whether ←
→ predictive uncertainty estimation via prior networks ; estimating uncertainty is important to improving the safety of ai systems . recently baseline tasks and metrics have been defined and several practical methods for estimating uncertainty developed . however , these approaches attempt to model distributional uncertainty either implicitly through model uncertainty or as data uncertainty . this work proposes a new framework for modeling predictive uncertainty called prior networks ( pns ) which explicitly models ←
→ kernel belief propagation ; we propose a nonparametric generalization of belief propagation , kernel belief propagation ( kbp ), for pairwise markov random fields . messages are represented as functions in a reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ), and message updates are simple linear operations in the rkhs . kbp makes none of the assumptions commonly required in classical bp algorithms : the variables need not arise from a finite domain or a gaussian distribution , nor must their relations take any particular pa ←
→ the socceral force ; we have an audacious dream , we would like to develop a simulation and virtual reality system to support the decision making in european football ( soccer ). in this review , we summarize the efforts that we have made to fulfil this dream until recently . in addition , an introductory version of fersml ( footballer and football simulation markup language ) is presented in this paper .←
→ microaneurysm detection in fundus images using a two - step convolutional neural networks ; diabetic retinopathy ( dr ) is the prominent cause of blindness in the world . the early treatment of dr can be conducted from detection of microaneurysms ( ma ) which is reddish spots in retina images . automated microaneurysm detection can be a helpful system for ophthalmologists for detection of ma . in this paper , deep learning , in particular convolutional neural network ( cnn ), is used as a powerful tool to detect ma ef ←
→ on information regularization ; we formulate a principle for classification with the knowledge of the marginal distribution over the data points ( unlabeled data ). the principle is cast in terms of tikhonov style regularization where the regularization penalty articulates the way in which the marginal density should constrain otherwise unrestricted conditional distributions . specifically , the regularization penalty penalizes any information introduced between the examples and labels beyond what is provided b ←
→ lip localization and viseme classification for visual speech recognition ; the need for an automatic lip - reading system is ever increasing . infact , today , extraction and reliable analysis of facial movements make up an important part in many multimedia systems such as videoconference , low communication systems , lip - reading systems . in addition , visual information is imperative among people with special needs . we can imagine , for example , a dependent person ordering a machine with an easy lip movement or by ←
→ on the role of synaptic stochasticity in training low - precision neural networks ; stochasticity and limited precision of synaptic weights in neural network models are key aspects of both biological and hardware modeling of learning processes . here we show that a neural network model with stochastic binary weights naturally gives prominence to exponentially rare dense regions of solutions with a number of desirable properties such as robustness and good generalization performance , while typical solutions a ←
→ sequential nonparametric testing with the law of the iterated logarithm ; we propose a new algorithmic framework for sequential hypothesis testing with i . i . d . data , which includes a / b testing , nonparametric two - sample testing , and independence testing as special cases . it is novel in several ways : ( a ) it takes linear time and constant space to compute on the fly , ( b ) it has the same power guarantee as a non - sequential version of the test with the same computational constraints up to a small factor , and ( c ) ←
→ bayesian sparse tucker models for dimension reduction and tensor completion ; tucker decomposition is the cornerstone of modern machine learning on tensorial data analysis , which have attracted considerable attention for multiway feature extraction , compressive sensing , and tensor completion . the most challenging problem is related to determination of model complexity ( i . e ., multilinear rank ), especially when noise and missing data are present . in addition , existing methods cannot take into account uncert ←
→ planning and scheduling in hybrid domains using answer set programming ; in this paper we present an action language - answer set programming based approach to solving planning and scheduling problems in hybrid domains - domains that exhibit both discrete and continuous behavior . we use action language h to represent the domain and then translate the resulting theory into an a - prolog program . in this way , we reduce the problem of finding solutions to planning and scheduling problems to computing answer sets o ←
→ tagging multimedia stimuli with ontologies ; successful management of emotional stimuli is a pivotal issue concerning affective computing ( ac ) and the related research . as a subfield of artificial intelligence , ac is concerned not only with the design of computer systems and the accompanying hardware that can recognize , interpret , and process human emotions , but also with the development of systems that can trigger human emotional response in an ordered and controlled manner . this requires the maximum attai ←
→ neurocontrol methods review ; methods of applying neural networks to control plants are considered . methods and schemes are described , their advantages and disadvantages are discussed .←
→ a general preprocessing method for improved performance of epipolar geometry estimation algorithms ; in this paper a deterministic preprocessing algorithm is presented , whose output can be given as input to most state - of - the - art epipolar geometry estimation algorithms , improving their results considerably . they are now able to succeed on hard cases for which they failed before . the algorithm consists of three steps , whose scope changes from local to global . in the local step it extracts from a pair of ima ←
→ support vector machine classification with indefinite kernels ; we propose a method for support vector machine classification using indefinite kernels . instead of directly minimizing or stabilizing a nonconvex loss function , our algorithm simultaneously computes support vectors and a proxy kernel matrix used in forming the loss . this can be interpreted as a penalized kernel learning problem where indefinite kernel matrices are treated as a noisy observations of a true mercer kernel . our formulation keeps th ←
→ condensés de textes par des méthodes numériques ; since information in electronic form is already a standard , and that the variety and the quantity of information become increasingly large , the methods of summarizing or automatic condensation of texts is a critical phase of the analysis of texts . this article describes cortex a system based on numerical methods , which allows obtaining a condensation of a text , which is independent of the topic and of the length of the text . the structure of the system enabl ←
→ interactive grounded language acquisition and generalization in a 2d world ; we build a virtual agent for learning language in a 2d maze - like world . the agent sees images of the surrounding environment , listens to a virtual teacher , and takes actions to receive rewards . it interactively learns the teacher ' s language from scratch based on two language use cases : sentence - directed navigation and question answering . it learns simultaneously the visual representations of the world , the language , and the actio ←
→ lenient multi - agent deep reinforcement learning ; much of the success of single agent deep reinforcement learning ( drl ) in recent years can be attributed to the use of experience replay memories ( erm ), which allow deep q - networks ( dqns ) to be trained efficiently through sampling stored state transitions . however , care is required when using erms for multi - agent deep reinforcement learning ( ma - drl ), as stored transitions can become outdated because agents update their policies in parallel [ 11 ]. in this work ←
→ speech vocoding for laboratory phonology ; using phonological speech vocoding , we propose a platform for exploring relations between phonology and speech processing , and in broader terms , for exploring relations between the abstract and physical structures of a speech signal . our goal is to make a step towards bridging phonology and speech processing and to contribute to the program of laboratory phonology . we show three application examples for laboratory phonology : compositional phonological speech modell ←
→ get to the point : summarization with pointer - generator networks ; neural sequence - to - sequence models have provided a viable new approach for abstractive text summarization ( meaning they are not restricted to simply selecting and rearranging passages from the original text ). however , these models have two shortcomings : they are liable to reproduce factual details inaccurately , and they tend to repeat themselves . in this work we propose a novel architecture that augments the standard sequence - to - sequence atte ←
→ dirichlet fragmentation processes ; tree structures are ubiquitous in data across many domains , and many datasets are naturally modelled by unobserved tree structures . in this paper , first we review the theory of random fragmentation processes [ bertoin , 2006 ], and a number of existing methods for modelling trees , including the popular nested chinese restaurant process ( ncrp ). then we define a general class of probability distributions over trees : the dirichlet fragmentation process ( dfp ) through a novel com ←
→ exhaustive search - based model for hybrid sensor network ; a new model for a cluster of hybrid sensors network with multi sub - clusters is proposed . the model is in particular relevant to the early warning system in a large scale monitoring system in , for example , a nuclear power plant . it mainly addresses to a safety critical system which requires real - time processes with high accuracy . the mathematical model is based on the extended conventional search algorithm with certain interactions among the nearest n ←
→ modeling rich contexts for sentiment classification with lstm ; sentiment analysis on social media data such as tweets and weibo has become a very important and challenging task . due to the intrinsic properties of such data , tweets are short , noisy , and of divergent topics , and sentiment classification on these data requires to modeling various contexts such as the retweet / reply history of a tweet , and the social context about authors and relationships . while few prior study has approached the issue of mode ←
→ offline signature authenticity verification through unambiguously connected skeleton segments ; a method for offline signature verification is presented in this paper . it is based on the segmentation of the signature skeleton ( through standard image skeletonization ) into unambiguous sequences of points , or unambiguously connected skeleton segments corresponding to vectorial representations of signature portions . these segments are assumed to be the fundamental carriers of useful information for authentici ←
→ coreset - based adaptive tracking ; we propose a method for learning from streaming visual data using a compact , constant size representation of all the data that was seen until a given moment . specifically , we construct a ' coreset ' representation of streaming data using a parallelized algorithm , which is an approximation of a set with relation to the squared distances between this set and all other points in its ambient space . we learn an adaptive object appearance model from the coreset tree in constant tim ←
→ probabilistic topic and syntax modeling with part - of - speech lda ; this article presents a probabilistic generative model for text based on semantic topics and syntactic classes called part - of - speech lda ( poslda ). poslda simultaneously uncovers short - range syntactic patterns ( syntax ) and long - range semantic patterns ( topics ) that exist in document collections . this results in word distributions that are specific to both topics ( sports , education , ...) and parts - of - speech ( nouns , verbs , ...). for example , mul ←
→ telepath : understanding users from a human vision perspective in large - scale recommender systems ; designing an e - commerce recommender system that serves hundreds of millions of active users is a daunting challenge . from a human vision perspective , there ' re two key factors that affect users ' behaviors : items ' attractiveness and their matching degree with users ' interests . this paper proposes telepath , a vision - based bionic recommender system model , which understands users from such perspective . telepath i ←
→ gender and ethnicity classification of iris images using deep class - encoder ; soft biometric modalities have shown their utility in different applications including reducing the search space significantly . this leads to improved recognition performance , reduced computation time , and faster processing of test samples . some common soft biometric modalities are ethnicity , gender , age , hair color , iris color , presence of facial hair or moles , and markers . this research focuses on performing ethnicity and gend ←
→ learning deep cnn denoiser prior for image restoration ; model - based optimization methods and discriminative learning methods have been the two dominant strategies for solving various inverse problems in low - level vision . typically , those two kinds of methods have their respective merits and drawbacks , e . g ., model - based optimization methods are flexible for handling different inverse problems but are usually time - consuming with sophisticated priors for the purpose of good performance ; in the meanwhile , disc ←
→ non - quadratic convex regularized reconstruction of mr images from spiral acquisitions ; combining fast mr acquisition sequences and high resolution imaging is a major issue in dynamic imaging . reducing the acquisition time can be achieved by using non - cartesian and sparse acquisitions . the reconstruction of mr images from these measurements is generally carried out using gridding that interpolates the missing data to obtain a dense cartesian k - space filling . the mr image is then reconstructed using a conv ←
→ robust face recognition with structural binary gradient patterns ; this paper presents a computationally efficient yet powerful binary framework for robust facial representation based on image gradients . it is termed as structural binary gradient patterns ( sbgp ). to discover underlying local structures in the gradient domain , we compute image gradients from multiple directions and simplify them into a set of binary strings . the sbgp is derived from certain types of these binary strings that have meaningful ←
→ modelling distributed shape priors by gibbs random fields of second order ; we analyse the potential of gibbs random fields for shape prior modelling . we show that the expressive power of second order grfs is already sufficient to express simple shapes and spatial relations between them simultaneously . this allows to model and recognise complex shapes as spatial compositions of simpler parts .←
→ adaptive low - complexity sequential inference for dirichlet process mixture models ; we develop a sequential low - complexity inference procedure for dirichlet process mixtures of gaussians for online clustering and parameter estimation when the number of clusters are unknown a - priori . we present an easily computable , closed form parametric expression for the conditional likelihood , in which hyperparameters are recursively updated as a function of the streaming data assuming conjugate priors . motivated by la ←
→ robust online hamiltonian learning ; in this work we combine two distinct machine learning methodologies , sequential monte carlo and bayesian experimental design , and apply them to the problem of inferring the dynamical parameters of a quantum system . we design the algorithm with practicality in mind by including parameters that control trade - offs between the requirements on computational and experimental resources . the algorithm can be implemented online ( during experimental data collection ), avoiding the ←
→ ls - vo : learning dense optical subspace for robust visual odometry estimation ; this work proposes a novel deep network architecture to solve the camera ego - motion estimation problem . a motion estimation network generally learns features similar to optical flow ( of ) fields starting from sequences of images . this of can be described by a lower dimensional latent space . previous research has shown how to find linear approximations of this space . we propose to use an auto - encoder network to find a non - linear ←
→ image restoration with signal - dependent camera noise ; this article describes a fast iterative algorithm for image denoising and deconvolution with signal - dependent observation noise . we use an optimization strategy based on variable splitting that adapts traditional gaussian noise - based restoration algorithms to account for the observed image being corrupted by mixed poisson - gaussian noise and quantization errors .←
→ assessing the utility of weather data for photovoltaic power prediction ; photovoltaic systems have been widely deployed in recent times to meet the increased electricity demand as an environmental - friendly energy source . the major challenge for integrating photovoltaic systems in power systems is the unpredictability of the solar power generated . in this paper , we analyze the impact of having access to weather information for solar power generation prediction and find weather information that can help best ←
→ the state of the art recognize in arabic script through combination of online and offline ; handwriting recognition refers to the identification of written characters . handwriting recognition has become an acute research area in recent years for the ease of access of computer science . in this paper primarily discussed on - line and off - line handwriting recognition methods for arabic words which are often used among then across the middle east and north africa people . arabic word online handwriting recogniti ←
→ model based neuro - fuzzy asr on texas processor ; in this paper an algorithm for recognizing speech has been proposed . the recognized speech is used to execute related commands which use the mfcc and two kind of classifiers , first one uses mlp and second one uses fuzzy inference system as a classifier . the experimental results demonstrate the high gain and efficiency of the proposed algorithm . we have implemented this system based on graphical design and tested on a fix point digital signal processor ( dsp ) o ←
→ on oblivious branching programs with bounded repetition that cannot efficiently compute cnfs of bounded treewidth ; in this paper we study complexity of an extension of ordered binary decision diagrams ( obdds ) called $ c $- obdds on cnfs of bounded ( primal graph ) treewidth . in particular , we show that for each $ k $ there is a class of cnfs of treewidth $ k \ geq 3 $ for which the equivalent $ c $- obdds are of size $\ omega ( n ^{ k /( 8c - 4 )})$. moreover , this lower bound holds if $ c $- obdd is non - deterministic and semanti ←
→ extracting family relationship networks from novels ; we present an approach to the extraction of family relations from literary narrative , which incorporates a technique for utterance attribution proposed recently by elson and mckeown ( 2010 ). in our work this technique is used in combination with the detection of vocatives - the explicit forms of address used by the characters in a novel . we take advantage of the fact that certain vocatives indicate family relations between speakers . the extracted relation ←
→ statistical analysis of loopy belief propagation in random fields ; loopy belief propagation ( lbp ), which is equivalent to the bethe approximation in statistical mechanics , is a message - passing - type inference method that is widely used to analyze systems based on markov random fields ( mrfs ). in this paper , we propose a message - passing - type method to analytically evaluate the quenched average of lbp in random fields by using the replica cluster variation method . the proposed analytical method is applicable t ←
→ viewpoint selection for photographing architectures ; this paper studies the problem of how to choose good viewpoints for taking photographs of architectures . we achieve this by learning from professional photographs of world famous landmarks that are available on the internet . unlike previous efforts devoted to photo quality assessment which mainly rely on 2d image features , we show in this paper combining 2d image features extracted from images with 3d geometric features computed on the 3d models can resu ←
→ rule - based machine learning methods for functional prediction ; we describe a machine learning method for predicting the value of a real - valued function , given the values of multiple input variables . the method induces solutions from samples in the form of ordered disjunctive normal form ( dnf ) decision rules . a central objective of the method and representation is the induction of compact , easily interpretable solutions . this rule - based decision model can be extended to search efficiently for similar cases ←
→ evolutionary mechanics : new engineering principles for the emergence of flexibility in a dynamic and uncertain world ; engineered systems are designed to deftly operate under predetermined conditions yet are notoriously fragile when unexpected perturbations arise . in contrast , biological systems operate in a highly flexible manner ; learn quickly adequate responses to novel conditions , and evolve new routines / traits to remain competitive under persistent environmental change . a recent theory on the origins ←
→ sparsity and adaptivity for the blind separation of partially correlated sources ; blind source separation ( bss ) is a very popular technique to analyze multichannel data . in this context , the data are modeled as the linear combination of sources to be retrieved . for that purpose , standard bss methods all rely on some discrimination principle , whether it is statistical independence or morphological diversity , to distinguish between the sources . however , dealing with real - world data reveals that such assump ←
→ few - example object detection with model communication ; in this paper , we study object detection using a large pool of unlabeled images and only a few labeled images per category , named " few - example object detection ". the key challenge consists in generating trustworthy training samples as many as possible from the pool . using few training examples as seeds , our method iterates between model training and high - confidence sample selection . in training , easy samples are generated first and , then the poorly ini ←
→ equivalence of lp relaxation and max - product for weighted matching in general graphs ; max - product belief propagation is a local , iterative algorithm to find the mode / map estimate of a probability distribution . while it has been successfully employed in a wide variety of applications , there are relatively few theoretical guarantees of convergence and correctness for general loopy graphs that may have many short cycles . of these , even fewer provide exact `` necessary and sufficient '' characterizations . in ←
→ fisher - rao metric , geometry , and complexity of neural networks ; we study the relationship between geometry and capacity measures for deep neural networks from an invariance viewpoint . we introduce a new notion of capacity --- the fisher - rao norm --- that possesses desirable invariance properties and is motivated by information geometry . we discover an analytical characterization of the new capacity measure , through which we establish norm - comparison inequalities and further show that the new measure serves ←
→ on the evaluation and comparison of taggers : the effect of noise in testing corpora ; this paper addresses the issue of {\ sc pos } tagger evaluation . such evaluation is usually performed by comparing the tagger output with a reference test corpus , which is assumed to be error - free . currently used corpora contain noise which causes the obtained performance to be a distortion of the real value . we analyze to what extent this distortion may invalidate the comparison between taggers or the measure of the impro ←
→ texturegan : controlling deep image synthesis with texture patches ; in this paper , we investigate deep image synthesis guided by sketch , color , and texture . previous image synthesis methods can be controlled by sketch and color strokes but we are the first to examine texture control . we allow a user to place a texture patch on a sketch at arbitrary locations and scales to control the desired output texture . our generative network learns to synthesize objects consistent with these texture suggestions . to ach ←
→ viewpoints and keypoints ; we characterize the problem of pose estimation for rigid objects in terms of determining viewpoint to explain coarse pose and keypoint prediction to capture the finer details . we address both these tasks in two different settings - the constrained setting with known bounding boxes and the more challenging detection setting where the aim is to simultaneously detect and correctly estimate pose of objects . we present convolutional neural network based architectures for these and demo ←
→ an efficient reduction of ranking to classification ; this paper describes an efficient reduction of the learning problem of ranking to binary classification . the reduction guarantees an average pairwise misranking regret of at most that of the binary classifier regret , improving a recent result of balcan et al which only guarantees a factor of 2 . moreover , our reduction applies to a broader class of ranking loss functions , admits a simpler proof , and the expected running time complexity of our algorithm in ←
→ federated control with hierarchical multi - agent deep reinforcement learning ; we present a framework combining hierarchical and multi - agent deep reinforcement learning approaches to solve coordination problems among a multitude of agents using a semi - decentralized model . the framework extends the multi - agent learning setup by introducing a meta - controller that guides the communication between agent pairs , enabling agents to focus on communicating with only one other agent at any step . this hierarchical de ←
→ syntax - based deep matching of short texts ; many tasks in natural language processing , ranging from machine translation to question answering , can be reduced to the problem of matching two sentences or more generally two short texts . we propose a new approach to the problem , called deep match tree ( deepmatch $ _ { tree }$), under a general setting . the approach consists of two components , 1 ) a mining algorithm to discover patterns for matching two short - texts , defined in the product space of dependency trees , an ←
→ decentralized online learning with kernels ; we consider multi - agent stochastic optimization problems over reproducing kernel hilbert spaces ( rkhs ). in this setting , a network of interconnected agents aims to learn decision functions , i . e ., nonlinear statistical models , that are optimal in terms of a global convex functional that aggregates data across the network , with only access to locally and sequentially observed samples . we propose solving this problem by allowing each agent to learn a local regressio ←
→ convolutional dictionary learning ; convolutional sparse representations are a form of sparse representation with a dictionary that has a structure that is equivalent to convolution with a set of linear filters . while effective algorithms have recently been developed for the convolutional sparse coding problem , the corresponding dictionary learning problem is substantially more challenging . furthermore , although a number of different approaches have been proposed , the absence of thorough comparisons between ←
→ deep convolutional inverse graphics network ; this paper presents the deep convolution inverse graphics network ( dc - ign ), a model that learns an interpretable representation of images . this representation is disentangled with respect to transformations such as out - of - plane rotations and lighting variations . the dc - ign model is composed of multiple layers of convolution and de - convolution operators and is trained using the stochastic gradient variational bayes ( sgvb ) algorithm . we propose a training procedur ←
→ guided deep list : automating the generation of epidemiological line lists from open sources ; real - time monitoring and responses to emerging public health threats rely on the availability of timely surveillance data . during the early stages of an epidemic , the ready availability of line lists with detailed tabular information about laboratory - confirmed cases can assist epidemiologists in making reliable inferences and forecasts . such inferences are crucial to understand the epidemiology of a specific dise ←
→ computational sociolinguistics : a survey ; language is a social phenomenon and variation is inherent to its social nature . recently , there has been a surge of interest within the computational linguistics ( cl ) community in the social dimension of language . in this article we present a survey of the emerging field of " computational sociolinguistics " that reflects this increased interest . we aim to provide a comprehensive overview of cl research on sociolinguistic themes , featuring topics such as the relation ←
→ improvements on " fast space - variant elliptical filtering using box splines " ; it is well - known that box filters can be efficiently computed using pre - integrations and local finite - differences [ crow1984 , heckbert1986 , viola2001 ]. by generalizing this idea and by combining it with a non - standard variant of the central limit theorem , a constant - time or o ( 1 ) algorithm was proposed in [ chaudhury2010 ] that allowed one to perform space - variant filtering using gaussian - like kernels . the algorithm was based on the o ←
→ controversy and sentiment in online news ; how do news sources tackle controversial issues ? in this work , we take a data - driven approach to understand how controversy interplays with emotional expression and biased language in the news . we begin by introducing a new dataset of controversial and non - controversial terms collected using crowdsourcing . then , focusing on 15 major u . s . news outlets , we compare millions of articles discussing controversial and non - controversial issues over a span of 7 months . we f ←
→ the revisiting problem in mobile robot map building : a hierarchical bayesian approach ; we present an application of hierarchical bayesian estimation to robot map building . the revisiting problem occurs when a robot has to decide whether it is seeing a previously - built portion of a map , or is exploring new territory . this is a difficult decision problem , requiring the probability of being outside of the current known map . to estimate this probability , we model the structure of a " typical " environment as a ←
→ identifying unknown unknowns in the open world : representations and policies for guided exploration ; predictive models deployed in the real world may assign incorrect labels to instances with high confidence . such errors or unknown unknowns are rooted in model incompleteness , and typically arise because of the mismatch between training data and the cases encountered at test time . as the models are blind to such errors , input from an oracle is needed to identify these failures . in this paper , we formulate ←
→ robust metric learning by smooth optimization ; most existing distance metric learning methods assume perfect side information that is usually given in pairwise or triplet constraints . instead , in many real - world applications , the constraints are derived from side information , such as users ' implicit feedbacks and citations among articles . as a result , these constraints are usually noisy and contain many mistakes . in this work , we aim to learn a distance metric from noisy constraints by robust optimization ←
→ infinite variational autoencoder for semi - supervised learning ; this paper presents an infinite variational autoencoder ( vae ) whose capacity adapts to suit the input data . this is achieved using a mixture model where the mixing coefficients are modeled by a dirichlet process , allowing us to integrate over the coefficients when performing inference . critically , this then allows us to automatically vary the number of autoencoders in the mixture based on the data . experiments show the flexibility of our method ←
→" is there anything else i can help you with ?": challenges in deploying an on - demand crowd - powered conversational agent ; intelligent conversational assistants , such as apple ' s siri , microsoft ' s cortana , and amazon ' s echo , have quickly become a part of our digital life . however , these assistants have major limitations , which prevents users from conversing with them as they would with human dialog partners . this limits our ability to observe how users really want to interact with the underlying system . to a ←
→ a decision - making support system based on know - how ; the research results described are concerned with : - developing a domain modeling method and tools to provide the design and implementation of decision - making support systems for computer integrated manufacturing ; - building a decision - making support system based on know - how and its software environment . the research is funded by nedo , japan .←
→ bandit structured prediction for neural sequence - to - sequence learning ; bandit structured prediction describes a stochastic optimization framework where learning is performed from partial feedback . this feedback is received in the form of a task loss evaluation to a predicted output structure , without having access to gold standard structures . we advance this framework by lifting linear bandit learning to neural sequence - to - sequence learning problems using attention - based recurrent neural networks . furtherm ←
→ ecolang - communications language for ecological simulations network ; this document describes the communication language used in one multiagent system environment for ecological simulations , based on ecodynamo simulator application linked with several intelligent agents and visualisation applications , and extends the initial definition of the language . the agents actions and perceptions are translated into messages exchanged with the simulator application and other agents . the concepts and definitions used ←
→ what cannot be learned with bethe approximations ; we address the problem of learning the parameters in graphical models when inference is intractable . a common strategy in this case is to replace the partition function with its bethe approximation . we show that there exists a regime of empirical marginals where such bethe learning will fail . by failure we mean that the empirical marginals cannot be recovered from the approximated maximum likelihood parameters ( i . e ., moment matching is not achieved ). we pro ←
→ multi - channel weighted nuclear norm minimization for real color image denoising ; most of the existing denoising algorithms are developed for grayscale images , while it is not a trivial work to extend them for color image denoising because the noise statistics in r , g , b channels can be very different for real noisy images . in this paper , we propose a multi - channel ( mc ) optimization model for real color image denoising under the weighted nuclear norm minimization ( wnnm ) framework . we concatenate the rgb p ←
→ multi - view bayesian correlated component analysis ; correlated component analysis as proposed by dmochowski et al . ( 2012 ) is a tool for investigating brain process similarity in the responses to multiple views of a given stimulus . correlated components are identified under the assumption that the involved spatial networks are identical . here we propose a hierarchical probabilistic model that can infer the level of universality in such multi - view data , from completely unrelated representations , corresponding ←
→ deep neural networks as gaussian processes ; it has long been known that a single - layer fully - connected neural network with an i . i . d . prior over its parameters is equivalent to a gaussian process ( gp ), in the limit of infinite network width . this correspondence enables exact bayesian inference for infinite width neural networks on regression tasks by means of evaluating the corresponding gp . recently , kernel functions which mimic multi - layer random neural networks have been developed , but only outside of a ←
→ improving classification by improving labelling : introducing probabilistic multi - label object interaction recognition ; this work deviates from easy - to - define class boundaries for object interactions . for the task of object interaction recognition , often captured using an egocentric view , we show that semantic ambiguities in verbs and recognising sub - interactions along with concurrent interactions result in legitimate class overlaps ( figure 1 ). we thus aim to model the mapping between observations and int ←
→ exploring different dimensions of attention for uncertainty detection ; neural networks with attention have proven effective for many natural language processing tasks . in this paper , we develop attention mechanisms for uncertainty detection . in particular , we generalize standardly used attention mechanisms by introducing external attention and sequence - preserving attention . these novel architectures differ from standard approaches in that they use external resources to compute attention weights and preserv ←
→ the ibm 2016 speaker recognition system ; in this paper we describe the recent advancements made in the ibm i - vector speaker recognition system for conversational speech . in particular , we identify key techniques that contribute to significant improvements in performance of our system , and quantify their contributions . the techniques include : 1 ) a nearest - neighbor discriminant analysis ( nda ) approach that is formulated to alleviate some of the limitations associated with the conventional linear discriminant ←
→ complexity theoretic limitations on learning halfspaces ; we study the problem of agnostically learning halfspaces which is defined by a fixed but unknown distribution $\ mathcal { d }$ on $\ mathbb { q }^ n \ times \{\ pm 1 \}$. we define $\ mathrm { err } _ {\ mathrm { half }}(\ mathcal { d })$ as the least error of a halfspace classifier for $\ mathcal { d }$. a learner who can access $\ mathcal { d }$ has to return a hypothesis whose error is small compared to $\ mathrm { err } _ {\ mathrm { half }}(\ mathcal { d })$. using the recently developed me ←
→ on reasonable and forced goal orderings and their use in an agenda - driven planning algorithm ; the paper addresses the problem of computing goal orderings , which is one of the longstanding issues in ai planning . it makes two new contributions . first , it formally defines and discusses two different goal orderings , which are called the reasonable and the forced ordering . both orderings are defined for simple strips operators as well as for more complex adl operators supporting negation and conditional effec ←
→ algorithms for approximate minimization of the difference between submodular functions , with applications ; we extend the work of narasimhan and bilmes [ 30 ] for minimizing set functions representable as a difference between submodular functions . similar to [ 30 ], our new algorithms are guaranteed to monotonically reduce the objective function at every step . we empirically and theoretically show that the per - iteration cost of our algorithms is much less than [ 30 ], and our algorithms can be used to efficient ←
→ supervised learning of universal sentence representations from natural language inference data ; many modern nlp systems rely on word embeddings , previously trained in an unsupervised manner on large corpora , as base features . efforts to obtain embeddings for larger chunks of text , such as sentences , have however not been so successful . several attempts at learning unsupervised representations of sentences have not reached satisfactory enough performance to be widely adopted . in this paper , we show how un ←
→ adaptive independent sticky mcmc algorithms ; in this work , we introduce a novel class of adaptive monte carlo methods , called adaptive independent sticky mcmc algorithms , for efficient sampling from a generic target probability density function ( pdf ). the new class of algorithms employs adaptive non - parametric proposal densities which become closer and closer to the target as the number of iterations increases . the proposal pdf is built using interpolation procedures based on a set of support points which ←
→ times series averaging from a probabilistic interpretation of time - elastic kernel ; at the light of regularized dynamic time warping kernels , this paper reconsider the concept of time elastic centroid ( tec ) for a set of time series . from this perspective , we show first how tec can easily be addressed as a preimage problem . unfortunately this preimage problem is ill - posed , may suffer from over - fitting especially for long time series and getting a sub - optimal solution involves heavy computational costs . we ←
→ colorization of natural images via l1 optimization ; natural images in the colour space yuv have been observed to have a non - gaussian , heavy tailed distribution ( called ' sparse ') when the filter g ( u )( r ) = u ( r ) - sum_ { s \ in n ( r )} w {( y ) _ { rs }} u ( s ), is applied to the chromacity channel u ( and equivalently to v ), where w is a weighting function constructed from the intensity component y [ 1 ]. in this paper we develop bayesian analysis of the colorization problem using the filter response as a regularization term ←
→ applying maxi - adjustment to adaptive information filtering agents ; learning and adaptation is a fundamental property of intelligent agents . in the context of adaptive information filtering , a filtering agent ' s beliefs about a user ' s information needs have to be revised regularly with reference to the user ' s most current information preferences . this learning and adaptation process is essential for maintaining the agent ' s filtering performance . the agm belief revision paradigm provides a rigorous foundation ←
→ synthesizing customized planners from specifications ; existing plan synthesis approaches in artificial intelligence fall into two categories -- domain independent and domain dependent . the domain independent approaches are applicable across a variety of domains , but may not be very efficient in any one given domain . the domain dependent approaches need to be ( re ) designed for each domain separately , but can be very efficient in the domain for which they are designed . one enticing alternative to these approa ←
→ an empirical study of mini - batch creation strategies for neural machine translation ; training of neural machine translation ( nmt ) models usually uses mini - batches for efficiency purposes . during the mini - batched training process , it is necessary to pad shorter sentences in a mini - batch to be equal in length to the longest sentence therein for efficient computation . previous work has noted that sorting the corpus based on the sentence length before making mini - batches reduces the amount of padding and inc ←
→ on detecting adversarial perturbations ; machine learning and deep learning in particular has advanced tremendously on perceptual tasks in recent years . however , it remains vulnerable against adversarial perturbations of the input that have been crafted specifically to fool the system while being quasi - imperceptible to a human . in this work , we propose to augment deep neural networks with a small " detector " subnetwork which is trained on the binary classification task of distinguishing genuine data from dat ←
→ understanding recurrent neural state using memory signatures ; we demonstrate a network visualization technique to analyze the recurrent state inside the lstms / grus used commonly in language and acoustic models . interpreting intermediate state and network activations inside end - to - end models remains an open challenge . our method allows users to understand exactly how much and what history is encoded inside recurrent state in grapheme sequence models . our procedure trains multiple decoders that predict prior ←
→ temporal and spatial data mining with second - order hidden models ; in the frame of designing a knowledge discovery system , we have developed stochastic models based on high - order hidden markov models . these models are capable to map sequences of data into a markov chain in which the transitions between the states depend on the \ texttt { n } previous states according to the order of the model . we study the process of achieving information extraction fromspatial and temporal data by means of an unsupervised clas ←
→ convex structure learning for bayesian networks : polynomial feature selection and approximate ordering ; we present a new approach to learning the structure and parameters of a bayesian network based on regularized estimation in an exponential family representation . here we show that , given a fixed variable order , the optimal structure and parameters can be learned efficiently , even without restricting the size of the parent sets . we then consider the problem of optimizing the variable order for a given s ←
→ framework and resources for natural language parser evaluation ; because of the wide variety of contemporary practices used in the automatic syntactic parsing of natural languages , it has become necessary to analyze and evaluate the strengths and weaknesses of different approaches . this research is all the more necessary because there are currently no genre - and domain - independent parsers that are able to analyze unrestricted text with 100 % preciseness ( i use this term to refer to the correctness of analyse ←
→ learning structured natural language representations for semantic parsing ; we introduce a neural semantic parser that converts natural language utterances to intermediate representations in the form of predicate - argument structures , which are induced with a transition system and subsequently mapped to target domains . the semantic parser is trained end - to - end using annotated logical forms or their denotations . we obtain competitive results on various datasets . the induced predicate - argument structures she ←
→ pixel - wise ear detection with convolutional encoder - decoder networks ; object detection and segmentation represents the basis for many tasks in computer and machine vision . in biometric recognition systems the detection of the region - of - interest ( roi ) is one of the most crucial steps in the overall processing pipeline , significantly impacting the performance of the entire recognition system . existing approaches to ear detection , for example , are commonly susceptible to the presence of severe occlusions , ear ←
→ an interactive many objective evolutionary algorithm with cascade clustering and reference point incremental learning ; researches have shown difficulties in obtaining proximity while maintaining diversity for solving many - objective optimization problems ( maops ). the complexities of the true pareto front ( pf ) also pose serious challenges for the pervasive algorithms for their insufficient ability to adapt to the characteristics of the true pf with no priori . this paper proposes a cascade clustering and re ←
→ splitting method for spatio - temporal search efforts planning ; this article deals with the spatio - temporal sensors deployment in order to maximize detection probability of an intelligent and randomly moving target in an area under surveillance . our work is based on the rare events simulation framework . more precisely , we derive a novel stochastic optimization algorithm based on the generalized splitting method . this new approach offers promising results without any state - space discretization and can handle ←
→ lexicographic choice functions ; we investigate a generalisation of the coherent choice functions considered by seidenfeld et al . ( 2010 ), by sticking to the convexity axiom but imposing no archimedeanity condition . we define our choice functions on vector spaces of options , which allows us to incorporate as special cases both seidenfeld et al .' s ( 2010 ) choice functions on horse lotteries and sets of desirable gambles ( quaeghebeur , 2014 ), and to investigate their connections . we show that choice functions ba ←
→ a note on selection stability : combining stability and prediction ; recently , many regularized procedures have been proposed for variable selection in linear regression , but their performance depends on the tuning parameter selection . here a criterion for the tuning parameter selection is proposed , which combines the strength of both stability selection and cross - validation and therefore is referred as the prediction and stability selection ( pass ). the selection consistency is established assuming the data ←
→ designing neural networks that process mean values of random variables ; we introduce a class of neural networks derived from probabilistic models in the form of bayesian networks . by imposing additional assumptions about the nature of the probabilistic models represented in the networks , we derive neural networks with standard dynamics that require no training to determine the synaptic weights , that perform accurate calculation of the mean values of the random variables , that can pool multiple sources of e ←
→ spatio - temporal graph convolutional networks : a deep learning framework for traffic forecasting ; timely accurate traffic forecast is crucial for urban traffic control and guidance . due to the high nonlinearity and complexity of traffic flow , traditional methods cannot satisfy the requirements of mid - and - long term prediction tasks and often neglect spatial and temporal dependencies . in this paper , we propose a novel deep learning framework , spatio - temporal graph convolutional networks ( stgcn ), to tackle t ←
→ see : towards semi - supervised end - to - end scene text recognition ; detecting and recognizing text in natural scene images is a challenging , yet not completely solved task . in recent years several new systems that try to solve at least one of the two sub - tasks ( text detection and text recognition ) have been proposed . in this paper we present see , a step towards semi - supervised neural networks for scene text detection and recognition , that can be optimized end - to - end . most existing works consist of multiple dee ←
→ learning deep convolutional networks for demosaicing ; this paper presents a comprehensive study of applying the convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to solving the demosaicing problem . the paper presents two cnn models that learn end - to - end mappings between the mosaic samples and the original image patches with full information . in the case the bayer color filter array ( cfa ) is used , an evaluation with ten competitive methods on popular benchmarks confirms that the data - driven , automatically learned features ←
→ grounded discovery of coordinate term relationships between software entities ; we present an approach for the detection of coordinate - term relationships between entities from the software domain , that refer to java classes . usually , relations are found by examining corpus statistics associated with text entities . in some technical domains , however , we have access to additional information about the real - world objects named by the entities , suggesting that coupling information about the " grounded " entitie ←
→ scaling life - long off - policy learning ; we pursue a life - long learning approach to artificial intelligence that makes extensive use of reinforcement learning algorithms . we build on our prior work with general value functions ( gvfs ) and the horde architecture . gvfs have been shown able to represent a wide variety of facts about the world ' s dynamics that may be useful to a long - lived agent ( sutton et al . 2011 ). we have also previously shown scaling - that thousands of on - policy gvfs can be learned accurately ←
→ model - based action exploration ; deep reinforcement learning has great stride in solving challenging motion control tasks . recently there has been a significant amount of work on methods to exploit the data gathered during training , but less work is done on good methods for generating data to learn from . for continuous actions domains , the typical method for generating exploratory actions is by sampling from a gaussian distribution centred around the mean of a policy . although these methods can find a ←
→ explanations based on the missing : towards contrastive explanations with pertinent negatives ; in this paper we propose a novel method that provides contrastive explanations justifying the classification of an input by a black box classifier such as a deep neural network . given an input we find what should be minimally and sufficiently present ( viz . important object pixels in an image ) to justify its classification and analogously what should be minimally and necessarily \ emph { absent } ( viz . certain backgr ←
→ monte carlo action programming ; this paper proposes monte carlo action programming , a programming language framework for autonomous systems that act in large probabilistic state spaces with high branching factors . it comprises formal syntax and semantics of a nondeterministic action programming language . the language is interpreted stochastically via monte carlo tree search . effectiveness of the approach is shown empirically .←
→ data - dependent kernels in nearly - linear time ; we propose a method to efficiently construct data - dependent kernels which can make use of large quantities of ( unlabeled ) data . our construction makes an approximation in the standard construction of semi - supervised kernels in sindhwani et al . 2005 . in typical cases these kernels can be computed in nearly - linear time ( in the amount of data ), improving on the cubic time of the standard construction , enabling large scale semi - supervised learning in a variety of c ←
→ an adversarial interpretation of information - theoretic bounded rationality ; recently , there has been a growing interest in modeling planning with information constraints . accordingly , an agent maximizes a regularized expected utility known as the free energy , where the regularizer is given by the information divergence from a prior to a posterior policy . while this approach can be justified in various ways , including from statistical mechanics and information theory , it is still unclear how it relates to ←
→ learning spatial regularization with image - level supervisions for multi - label image classification ; multi - label image classification is a fundamental but challenging task in computer vision . great progress has been achieved by exploiting semantic relations between labels in recent years . however , conventional approaches are unable to model the underlying spatial relations between labels in multi - label images , because spatial annotations of the labels are generally not provided . in this paper , we propose ←
→ descriptor matching with convolutional neural networks : a comparison to sift ; latest results indicate that features learned via convolutional neural networks outperform previous descriptors on classification tasks by a large margin . it has been shown that these networks still work well when they are applied to datasets or recognition tasks different from those they were trained on . however , descriptors like sift are not only used in recognition but also for many correspondence problems that rely on descr ←
→ automatic leaf extraction from outdoor images ; automatic plant recognition and disease analysis may be streamlined by an image of a complete , isolated leaf as an initial input . segmenting leaves from natural images is a hard problem . cluttered and complex backgrounds : often composed of other leaves are commonplace . furthermore , their appearance is highly dependent upon illumination and viewing perspective . in order to address these issues we propose a methodology which exploits the leaves venous systems in ←
→" i know it when i see it ". visualization and intuitive interpretability ; most research on the interpretability of machine learning systems focuses on the development of a more rigorous notion of interpretability . i suggest that a better understanding of the deficiencies of the intuitive notion of interpretability is needed as well . i show that visualization enables but also impedes intuitive interpretability , as it presupposes two levels of technical pre - interpretation : dimensionality reduction and regular ←
→ evaluating social networks using task - focused network inference ; networks are representations of complex underlying social processes . however , the same given network may be more suitable to model one behavior of individuals than another . in many cases , aggregate population models may be more effective than modeling on the network . we present a general framework for evaluating the suitability of given networks for a set of predictive tasks of interest , compared against alternative , networks inferred from da ←
→ a predictor - corrector method for the training of deep neural networks ; the training of deep neural nets is expensive . we present a predictor - corrector method for the training of deep neural nets . it alternates a predictor pass with a corrector pass using stochastic gradient descent with backpropagation such that there is no loss in validation accuracy . no special modifications to sgd with backpropagation is required by this methodology . our experiments showed a time improvement of 9 % on the cifar - 10 datas ←
→ exemplar dynamics and sound merger in language ; we develop a model of phonological contrast in natural language . specifically , the model describes the maintenance of contrast between different words in a language , and the elimination of such contrast when sounds in the words merge . an example of such a contrast is that provided by the two vowel sounds ' i ' and ' e ', which distinguish pairs of words such as ' pin ' and ' pen ' in most dialects of english . we model language users ' knowledge of the pronunciation of ←
→ light efficient flutter shutter ; flutter shutter is a technique in which the exposure is chopped into segments and light is only integrated part of the time . by carefully selecting the chopping sequence it is possible to better condition the data for reconstruction problems such as motion deblurring , focal sweeping , and compressed sensing . the partial exposure trades better conditioning for less energy . in problems such as motion deblurring the available energy is what caused the problem in the first place ←
→ constraint propagation as information maximization ; this paper draws on diverse areas of computer science to develop a unified view of computation : ( 1 ) optimization in operations research , where a numerical objective function is maximized under constraints , is generalized from the numerical total order to a non - numerical partial order that can be interpreted in terms of information . ( 2 ) relations are generalized so that there are relations of which the constituent tuples have numerical indexes , whereas i ←
→ propositional defeasible logic has linear complexity ; defeasible logic is a rule - based nonmonotonic logic , with both strict and defeasible rules , and a priority relation on rules . we show that inference in the propositional form of the logic can be performed in linear time . this contrasts markedly with most other propositional nonmonotonic logics , in which inference is intractable .←
→ comparing intermittency and network measurements of words and their dependency on authorship ; many features from texts and languages can now be inferred from statistical analyses using concepts from complex networks and dynamical systems . in this paper we quantify how topological properties of word co - occurrence networks and intermittency ( or burstiness ) in word distribution depend on the style of authors . our database contains 40 books from 8 authors who lived in the 19th and 20th centuries , for which t ←
→ mini - bucket heuristics for improved search ; the paper is a second in a series of two papers evaluating the power of a new scheme that generates search heuristics mechanically . the heuristics are extracted from an approximation scheme called mini - bucket elimination that was recently introduced . the first paper introduced the idea and evaluated it within branch - and - bound search . in the current paper the idea is further extended and evaluated within best - first search . the resulting algorithms are compared on ←
→ channel pruning for accelerating very deep neural networks ; in this paper , we introduce a new channel pruning method to accelerate very deep convolutional neural networks . given a trained cnn model , we propose an iterative two - step algorithm to effectively prune each layer , by a lasso regression based channel selection and least square reconstruction . we further generalize this algorithm to multi - layer and multi - branch cases . our method reduces the accumulated error and enhance the compatibility with variou ←
→ hardness results for agnostically learning low - degree polynomial threshold functions ; hardness results for maximum agreement problems have close connections to hardness results for proper learning in computational learning theory . in this paper we prove two hardness results for the problem of finding a low degree polynomial threshold function ( ptf ) which has the maximum possible agreement with a given set of labeled examples in $\ r ^ n \ times \{- 1 , 1 \}.$ we prove that for any constants $ d \ geq 1 , \ eps > 0 $, ←
→ learning to rank for synthesizing planning heuristics ; we investigate learning heuristics for domain - specific planning . prior work framed learning a heuristic as an ordinary regression problem . however , in a greedy best - first search , the ordering of states induced by a heuristic is more indicative of the resulting planner ' s performance than mean squared error . thus , we instead frame learning a heuristic as a learning to rank problem which we solve using a ranksvm formulation . additionally , we introduce new ←
→ training effective node classifiers for cascade classification ; cascade classifiers are widely used in real - time object detection . different from conventional classifiers that are designed for a low overall classification error rate , a classifier in each node of the cascade is required to achieve an extremely high detection rate and moderate false positive rate . although there are a few reported methods addressing this requirement in the context of object detection , there is no principled feature selection ←
→ gibbs sampling with low - power spiking digital neurons ; restricted boltzmann machines and deep belief networks have been successfully used in a wide variety of applications including image classification and speech recognition . inference and learning in these algorithms uses a markov chain monte carlo procedure called gibbs sampling . a sigmoidal function forms the kernel of this sampler which can be realized from the firing statistics of noisy integrate - and - fire neurons on a neuromorphic vlsi substrate . thi ←
→ improving output uncertainty estimation and generalization in deep learning via neural network gaussian processes ; we propose a simple method that combines neural networks and gaussian processes . the proposed method can estimate the uncertainty of outputs and flexibly adjust target functions where training data exist , which are advantages of gaussian processes . the proposed method can also achieve high generalization performance for unseen input configurations , which is an advantage of neural networks . w ←
→ conic multi - task classification ; traditionally , multi - task learning ( mtl ) models optimize the average of task - related objective functions , which is an intuitive approach and which we will be referring to as average mtl . however , a more general framework , referred to as conic mtl , can be formulated by considering conic combinations of the objective functions instead ; in this framework , average mtl arises as a special case , when all combination coefficients equal 1 . although the advantage of conic mtl over a ←
→ stochastic multi - armed bandits in constant space ; we consider the stochastic bandit problem in the sublinear space setting , where one cannot record the win - loss record for all $ k $ arms . we give an algorithm using $ o ( 1 )$ words of space with regret \[ \ sum_ { i = 1 }^{ k }\ frac { 1 }{\ delta_i }\ log \ frac {\ delta_i }{\ delta }\ log t \] where $\ delta_i $ is the gap between the best arm and arm $ i $ and $\ delta $ is the gap between the best and the second - best arms . if the rewards are bounded away from $ 0 $ and $ 1 $, this is wit ←
→ elastic functional coding of riemannian trajectories ; visual observations of dynamic phenomena , such as human actions , are often represented as sequences of smoothly - varying features . in cases where the feature spaces can be structured as riemannian manifolds , the corresponding representations become trajectories on manifolds . analysis of these trajectories is challenging due to non - linearity of underlying spaces and high - dimensionality of trajectories . in vision problems , given the nature of physical sys ←
→ a polynomial translation of logic programs with nested expressions into disjunctive logic programs : preliminary report ; nested logic programs have recently been introduced in order to allow for arbitrarily nested formulas in the heads and the bodies of logic program rules under the answer sets semantics . nested expressions can be formed using conjunction , disjunction , as well as the negation as failure operator in an unrestricted fashion . this provides a very flexible and compact framework for knowledge ←
→ multi - resolution fully convolutional neural networks for monaural audio source separation ; in deep neural networks with convolutional layers , each layer typically has fixed - size / single - resolution receptive field ( rf ). convolutional layers with a large rf capture global information from the input features , while layers with small rf size capture local details with high resolution from the input features . in this work , we introduce novel deep multi - resolution fully convolutional neural networks ( mr - fcnn ), ←
→ learnable explicit density for continuous latent space and variational inference ; in this paper , we study two aspects of the variational autoencoder ( vae ): the prior distribution over the latent variables and its corresponding posterior . first , we decompose the learning of vaes into layerwise density estimation , and argue that having a flexible prior is beneficial to both sample generation and inference . second , we analyze the family of inverse autoregressive flows ( inverse af ) and show that with further ←
→ processing unknown words in hpsg ; the lexical acquisition system presented in this paper incrementally updates linguistic properties of unknown words inferred from their surrounding context by parsing sentences with an hpsg grammar for german . we employ a gradual , information - based concept of `` unknownness '' providing a uniform treatment for the range of completely known to maximally unknown lexical entries . `` unknown '' information is viewed as revisable information , which is either generalizable or specia ←
→ strategies for generating micro explanations for bayesian belief networks ; bayesian belief networks have been largely overlooked by expert systems practitioners on the grounds that they do not correspond to the human inference mechanism . in this paper , we introduce an explanation mechanism designed to generate intuitive yet probabilistically sound explanations of inferences drawn by a bayesian belief network . in particular , our mechanism accounts for the results obtained due to changes in the causal and ←
→ robustness and regularization of support vector machines ; we consider regularized support vector machines ( svms ) and show that they are precisely equivalent to a new robust optimization formulation . we show that this equivalence of robust optimization and regularization has implications for both algorithms , and analysis . in terms of algorithms , the equivalence suggests more general svm - like algorithms for classification that explicitly build in protection to noise , and at the same time control overfitting .←
→ text to multi - level mindmaps : a novel method for hierarchical visual abstraction of natural language text ; mindmapping is a well - known technique used in note taking , which encourages learning and studying . mindmapping has been manually adopted to help present knowledge and concepts in a visual form . unfortunately , there is no reliable automated approach to generate mindmaps from natural language text . this work firstly introduces mindmap multilevel visualization concept which is to jointly visualize and ←
→ soft computing framework for routing in wireless mesh networks : an integrated cost function approach ; dynamic behaviour of a wmn imposes stringent constraints on the routing policy of the network . in the shortest path based routing the shortest paths needs to be evaluated within a given time frame allowed by the wmn dynamics . the exact reasoning based shortest path evaluation methods usually fail to meet this rigid requirement . thus , requiring some soft computing based approaches which can replace " best ←
→ structured memory based deep model to detect as well as characterize novel inputs ; while deep learning has pushed the boundaries in various machine learning tasks , the current models are still far away from replicating many functions that a normal human brain can do . explicit memorization based deep architecture have been recently proposed with the objective to understand and predict better . in this work , we design a system that involves a primary learner and an adjacent representational memory bank whic ←
→ evolino for recurrent support vector machines ; traditional support vector machines ( svms ) need pre - wired finite time windows to predict and classify time series . they do not have an internal state necessary to deal with sequences involving arbitrary long - term dependencies . here we introduce a new class of recurrent , truly sequential svm - like devices with internal adaptive states , trained by a novel method called evolution of systems with kernel - based outputs ( evoke ), an instance of the recent evolino class ←
→ interpretable deep convolutional neural networks via meta - learning ; model interpretability is a requirement in many applications in which crucial decisions are made by users relying on a model ' s outputs . the recent movement for " algorithmic fairness " also stipulates explainability , and therefore interpretability of learning models . and yet the most successful contemporary machine learning approaches , the deep neural networks , produce models that are highly non - interpretable . we attempt to address this chal ←
→ efficient version - space reduction for visual tracking ; discrminative trackers , employ a classification approach to separate the target from its background . to cope with variations of the target shape and appearance , the classifier is updated online with different samples of the target and the background . sample selection , labeling and updating the classifier is prone to various sources of errors that drift the tracker . we introduce the use of an efficient version space shrinking strategy to reduce the labe ←
→ statistics of robust optimization : a generalized empirical likelihood approach ; we study statistical inference and robust solution methods for stochastic optimization problems , focusing on giving calibrated and adaptive confidence intervals for optimal values and solutions for a range of stochastic problems . as part of this , we develop a generalized empirical likelihood framework --- based on distributional uncertainty sets constructed from nonparametric $ f $- divergence balls --- for hadamard differentiable f ←
→ partition tree weighting ; this paper introduces the partition tree weighting technique , an efficient meta - algorithm for piecewise stationary sources . the technique works by performing bayesian model averaging over a large class of possible partitions of the data into locally stationary segments . it uses a prior , closely related to the context tree weighting technique of willems , that is well suited to data compression applications . our technique can be applied to any coding distribution at an additional ti ←
→ measurability aspects of the compactness theorem for sample compression schemes ; it was proved in 1998 by ben - david and litman that a concept space has a sample compression scheme of size d if and only if every finite subspace has a sample compression scheme of size d . in the compactness theorem , measurability of the hypotheses of the created sample compression scheme is not guaranteed ; at the same time measurability of the hypotheses is a necessary condition for learnability . in this thesis we discuss w ←
→ gaussian copula variational autoencoders for mixed data ; the variational autoencoder ( vae ) is a generative model with continuous latent variables where a pair of probabilistic encoder ( bottom - up ) and decoder ( top - down ) is jointly learned by stochastic gradient variational bayes . we first elaborate gaussian vae , approximating the local covariance matrix of the decoder as an outer product of the principal direction at a position determined by a sample drawn from gaussian distribution . we show that this model ←
→ coprocessor - a standalone sat preprocessor ; in this work a stand - alone preprocessor for sat is presented that is able to perform most of the known preprocessing techniques . preprocessing a formula in sat is important for performance since redundancy can be removed . the preprocessor is part of the sat solver riss and is called coprocessor . not only riss , but also minisat 2 . 2 benefit from it , because the satelite preprocessor of minisat does not implement recent techniques . by using more advanced techniques ←
→ squinky ! a corpus of sentence - level formality , informativeness , and implicature ; we introduce a corpus of 7 , 032 sentences rated by human annotators for formality , informativeness , and implicature on a 1 - 7 scale . the corpus was annotated using amazon mechanical turk . reliability in the obtained judgments was examined by comparing mean ratings across two mturk experiments , and correlation with pilot annotations ( on sentence formality ) conducted in a more controlled setting . despite the subjectivity and inh ←
→ feature selection by kdda for svm - based multiview face recognition ; applications such as face recognition that deal with high - dimensional data need a mapping technique that introduces representation of low - dimensional features with enhanced discriminatory power and a proper classifier , able to classify those complex features . most of traditional linear discriminant analysis suffer from the disadvantage that their optimality criteria are not directly related to the classification ability of the obtained fea ←
→ pre - processing - free gear fault diagnosis using small datasets with deep convolutional neural network - based transfer learning ; early fault diagnosis in complex mechanical systems such as gearbox has always been a great challenge , even with the recent development in deep neural networks . the performance of a classic fault diagnosis system predominantly depends on the features extracted and the classifier subsequently applied . although a large number of attempts have been made regarding feature extraction t ←
→ long - term video interpolation with bidirectional predictive network ; this paper considers the challenging task of long - term video interpolation . unlike most existing methods that only generate few intermediate frames between existing adjacent ones , we attempt to speculate or imagine the procedure of an episode and further generate multiple frames between two non - consecutive frames in videos . in this paper , we present a novel deep architecture called bidirectional predictive network ( bipn ) that predicts int ←
→ improving content marketing processes with the approaches by artificial intelligence ; content marketing is todays one of the most remarkable approaches in the context of marketing processes of companies . value of this kind of marketing has improved in time , thanks to the latest developments regarding to computer and communication technologies . nowadays , especially social media based platforms have a great importance on enabling companies to design multimedia oriented , interactive content . but on the othe ←
→ spike timing dependent competitive learning in recurrent self organizing pulsed neural networks case study : phoneme and word recognition ; synaptic plasticity seems to be a capital aspect of the dynamics of neural networks . it is about the physiological modifications of the synapse , which have like consequence a variation of the value of the synaptic weight . the information encoding is based on the precise timing of single spike events that is based on the relative timing of the pre - and post - synaptic spi ←
→ domain - size pooling in local descriptors : dsp - sift ; we introduce a simple modification of local image descriptors , such as sift , based on pooling gradient orientations across different domain sizes , in addition to spatial locations . the resulting descriptor , which we call dsp - sift , outperforms other methods in wide - baseline matching benchmarks , including those based on convolutional neural networks , despite having the same dimension of sift and requiring no training .←
→ memory and information processing in recurrent neural networks ; recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) are simple dynamical systems whose computational power has been attributed to their short - term memory . short - term memory of rnns has been previously studied analytically only for the case of orthogonal networks , and only under annealed approximation , and uncorrelated input . here for the first time , we present an exact solution to the memory capacity and the task - solving performance as a function of the structure ←
→ boosting cooperative coevolution for large scale optimization with a fine - grained computation resource allocation strategy ; cooperative coevolution ( cc ) has shown great potential in solving large scale optimization problems ( lsops ). however , traditional cc algorithms often waste part of computation resource ( cr ) as they equally allocate cr among all the subproblems . the recently developed contribution - based cc ( cbcc ) algorithms improve the traditional ones to a certain extent by adaptively allocating cr ←
→ a coarse - to - fine algorithm for registration in 3d street - view cross - source point clouds ; with the development of numerous 3d sensing technologies , object registration on cross - source point cloud has aroused researchers ' interests . when the point clouds are captured from different kinds of sensors , there are large and different kinds of variations . in this study , we address an even more challenging case in which the differently - source point clouds are acquired from a real street view . one is produced dire ←
→ artificial agents and speculative bubbles ; pertaining to agent - based computational economics ( ace ), this work presents two models for the rise and downfall of speculative bubbles through an exchange price fixing based on double auction mechanisms . the first model is based on a finite time horizon context , where the expected dividends decrease along time . the second model follows the {\ em greater fool } hypothesis ; the agent behaviour depends on the comparison of the estimated risk with the greater fool ' s . s ←
→ standard detectors aren ' t ( currently ) fooled by physical adversarial stop signs ; an adversarial example is an example that has been adjusted to produce the wrong label when presented to a system at test time . if adversarial examples existed that could fool a detector , they could be used to ( for example ) wreak havoc on roads populated with smart vehicles . recently , we described our difficulties creating physical adversarial stop signs that fool a detector . more recently , evtimov et al . produced a physical ←
→ towards the development of a bishnupriya manipuri corpus ; for any deep computational processing of language we need evidences , and one such set of evidences is corpus . this paper describes the development of a text - based corpus for the bishnupriya manipuri language . a corpus is considered as a building block for any language processing tasks . due to the lack of awareness like other indian languages , it is also studied less frequently . as a result the language still lacks a good corpus and basic language pr ←
→ examining representational similarity in convnets and the primate visual cortex ; we compare several convnets with different depth and regularization techniques with multi - unit macaque it cortex recordings and assess the impact of the same on representational similarity with the primate visual cortex . we find that with increasing depth and validation performance , convnet features are closer to cortical it representations .←
→ an efficient genetic algorithm for discovering diverse - frequent patterns ; working with exhaustive search on large dataset is infeasible for several reasons . recently , developed techniques that made pattern set mining feasible by a general solver with long execution time that supports heuristic search and are limited to small datasets only . in this paper , we investigate an approach which aims to find diverse set of patterns using genetic algorithm to mine diverse frequent patterns . we propose a fast heurist ←
→ fixpoint 3 - valued semantics for autoepistemic logic ; the paper presents a constructive fixpoint semantics for autoepistemic logic ( ael ). this fixpoint characterizes a unique but possibly three - valued belief set of an autoepistemic theory . it may be three - valued in the sense that for a subclass of formulas f , the fixpoint may not specify whether f is believed or not . the paper presents a constructive 3 - valued semantics for autoepistemic logic ( ael ). we introduce a derivation operator and define the semantic ←
→ learning sparse structural changes in high - dimensional markov networks : a review on methodologies and theories ; recent years have seen an increasing popularity of learning the sparse \ emph { changes } in markov networks . changes in the structure of markov networks reflect alternations of interactions between random variables under different regimes and provide insights into the underlying system . while each individual network structure can be complicated and difficult to learn , the overall change from one n ←
→ physical problem solving : joint planning with symbolic , geometric , and dynamic constraints ; in this paper , we present a new task that investigates how people interact with and make judgments about towers of blocks . in experiment ~ 1 , participants in the lab solved a series of problems in which they had to re - configure three blocks from an initial to a final configuration . we recorded whether they used one hand or two hands to do so . in experiment ~ 2 , we asked participants online to judge whether they think ←
→ on the place of text data in lifelogs , and text analysis via semantic facets ; current research in lifelog data has not paid enough attention to analysis of cognitive activities in comparison to physical activities . we argue that as we look into the future , wearable devices are going to be cheaper and more prevalent and textual data will play a more significant role . data captured by lifelogging devices will increasingly include speech and text , potentially useful in analysis of intellectual activities . a ←
→ no need to pay attention : simple recurrent neural networks work ! ( for answering " simple " questions ) ; first - order factoid question answering assumes that the question can be answered by a single fact in a knowledge base ( kb ). while this does not seem like a challenging task , many recent attempts that apply either complex linguistic reasoning or deep neural networks achieve 65 %- 76 % accuracy on benchmark sets . our approach formulates the task as two machine learning problems : detecting the entities in the q ←
→ digit recognition in handwritten weather records ; this paper addresses the automatic recognition of handwritten temperature values in weather records . the localization of table cells is based on line detection using projection profiles . further , a stroke - preserving line removal method which is based on gradient images is proposed . the presented digit recognition utilizes features which are extracted using a set of filters and a support vector machine classifier . it was evaluated on the mnist and the usps d ←
→ implementable confidence sets in high dimensional regression ; we consider the setting of linear regression in high dimension . we focus on the problem of constructing adaptive and honest confidence sets for the sparse parameter \ theta , i . e . we want to construct a confidence set for theta that contains theta with high probability , and that is as small as possible . the l_2 diameter of a such confidence set should depend on the sparsity s of \ theta - the larger s , the wider the confidence set . however , in prac ←
→ proximal quasi - newton methods for regularized convex optimization with linear and accelerated sublinear convergence rates ; in [ 19 ], a general , inexact , efficient proximal quasi - newton algorithm for composite optimization problems has been proposed and a sublinear global convergence rate has been established . in this paper , we analyze the convergence properties of this method , both in the exact and inexact setting , in the case when the objective function is strongly convex . we also investigate a practical ←
→ denoising arterial spin labeling cerebral blood flow images using deep learning ; arterial spin labeling perfusion mri is a noninvasive technique for measuring quantitative cerebral blood flow ( cbf ), but the measurement is subject to a low signal - to - noise - ratio ( snr ). various post - processing methods have been proposed to denoise asl mri but only provide moderate improvement . deep learning ( dl ) is an emerging technique that can learn the most representative signal from data without prior modeling which can ←
→ algorithms for computing the greatest simulations and bisimulations between fuzzy automata ; recently , two types of simulations ( forward and backward simulations ) and four types of bisimulations ( forward , backward , forward - backward , and backward - forward bisimulations ) between fuzzy automata have been introduced . if there is at least one simulation / bisimulation of some of these types between the given fuzzy automata , it has been proved that there is the greatest simulation / bisimulation of this kind . in the ←
→ applications of probabilistic programming ( master ' s thesis , 2015 ) ; this thesis describes work on two applications of probabilistic programming : the learning of probabilistic program code given specifications , in particular program code of one - dimensional samplers ; and the facilitation of sequential monte carlo inference with help of data - driven proposals . the latter is presented with experimental results on a linear gaussian model and a non - parametric dependent dirichlet process mixture of objects model fo ←
→ a strong baseline for learning cross - lingual word embeddings from sentence alignments ; while cross - lingual word embeddings have been studied extensively in recent years , the qualitative differences between the different algorithms remain vague . we observe that whether or not an algorithm uses a particular feature set ( sentence ids ) accounts for a significant performance gap among these algorithms . this feature set is also used by traditional alignment algorithms , such as ibm model - 1 , which demonstrate si ←
→ network - size independent covering number bounds for deep networks ; we give a covering number bound for deep learning networks that is independent of the size of the network . the key for the simple analysis is that for linear classifiers , rotating the data doesn ' t affect the covering number . thus , we can ignore the rotation part of each layer ' s linear transformation , and get the covering number bound by concentrating on the scaling part .←
→ on the role of autocorrelations in texts ; the task of finding a criterion allowing to distinguish a text from an arbitrary set of words is rather relevant in itself , for instance , in the aspect of development of means for internet - content indexing or separating signals and noise in communication channels . the zipf law is currently considered to be the most reliable criterion of this kind [ 3 ]. at any rate , conventional stochastic word sets do not meet this law . the present paper deals with one of possible c ←
→ kernel truncated regression representation for robust subspace clustering ; subspace clustering aims to group data points into multiple clusters of which each corresponds to one subspace . most existing subspace clustering methods assume that the data could be linearly represented with each other in the input space . in practice , however , this assumption is hard to be satisfied . to achieve nonlinear subspace clustering , we propose a novel method which consists of the following three steps : 1 ) projecting the ←
→ improving the efficiency of inductive logic programming through the use of query packs ; inductive logic programming , or relational learning , is a powerful paradigm for machine learning or data mining . however , in order for ilp to become practically useful , the efficiency of ilp systems must improve substantially . to this end , the notion of a query pack is introduced : it structures sets of similar queries . furthermore , a mechanism is described for executing such query packs . a complexity analysis shows th ←
→ a bio - inspired multi - exposure fusion framework for low - light image enhancement ; low - light images are not conducive to human observation and computer vision algorithms due to their low visibility . although many image enhancement techniques have been proposed to solve this problem , existing methods inevitably introduce contrast under - and over - enhancement . inspired by human visual system , we design a multi - exposure fusion framework for low - light image enhancement . based on the framework , we propose a dual -←
→ gaussian process regression can turn non - uniform and undersampled diffusion mri data into diffusion spectrum imaging ; we propose to use gaussian process regression to accurately estimate the diffusion mri signal at arbitrary locations in q - space . by estimating the signal on a grid , we can do synthetic diffusion spectrum imaging : reconstructing the ensemble averaged propagator ( eap ) by an inverse fourier transform . we also propose an alternative reconstruction method guaranteeing a nonnegative eap that in ←
→ theory ii : landscape of the empirical risk in deep learning ; previous theoretical work on deep learning and neural network optimization tend to focus on avoiding saddle points and local minima . however , the practical observation is that , at least in the case of the most successful deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ), practitioners can always increase the network size to fit the training data ( an extreme example would be [ 1 ]). the most successful dcnns such as vgg and resnets are best used with a deg ←
→ multi - scale forest species recognition systems for reduced cost ; this work focuses on cost reduction methods for forest species recognition systems . current state - of - the - art shows that the accuracy of these systems have increased considerably in the past years , but the cost in time to perform the recognition of input samples has also increased proportionally . for this reason , in this work we focus on investigating methods for cost reduction locally ( at either feature extraction or classification level indi ←
→ deep retinal image understanding ; this paper presents deep retinal image understanding ( driu ), a unified framework of retinal image analysis that provides both retinal vessel and optic disc segmentation . we make use of deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), which have proven revolutionary in other fields of computer vision such as object detection and image classification , and we bring their power to the study of eye fundus images . driu uses a base network architecture on which two set of specialized l ←
→ bayesian filtering for odes with bounded derivatives ; recently there has been increasing interest in probabilistic solvers for ordinary differential equations ( odes ) that return full probability measures , instead of point estimates , over the solution and can incorporate uncertainty over the ode at hand , e . g . if the vector field or the initial value is only approximately known or evaluable . the ode filter proposed in recent work models the solution of the ode by a gauss - markov process which serves as a prio ←
→ larger is better : the effect of learning rates enjoyed by stochastic optimization with progressive variance reduction ; in this paper , we propose a simple variant of the original stochastic variance reduction gradient ( svrg ), where hereafter we refer to as the variance reduced stochastic gradient descent ( vr - sgd ). different from the choices of the snapshot point and starting point in svrg and its proximal variant , prox - svrg , the two vectors of each epoch in vr - sgd are set to the average and last iterate o ←
→ sentipers : a sentiment analysis corpus for persian ; sentiment analysis ( sa ) is a major field of study in natural language processing , computational linguistics and information retrieval . interest in sa has been constantly growing in both academia and industry over the recent years . moreover , there is an increasing need for generating appropriate resources and datasets in particular for low resource languages including persian . these datasets play an important role in designing and developing appropriate op ←
→ a fast ilp - based heuristic for the robust design of body wireless sensor networks ; we consider the problem of optimally designing a body wireless sensor network , while taking into account the uncertainty of data generation of biosensors . since the related min - max robustness integer linear programming ( ilp ) problem can be difficult to solve even for state - of - the - art commercial optimization solvers , we propose an original heuristic for its solution . the heuristic combines deterministic and probabilistic va ←
→ on the sample complexity of reinforcement learning with a generative model ; we consider the problem of learning the optimal action - value function in the discounted - reward markov decision processes ( mdps ). we prove a new pac bound on the sample - complexity of model - based value iteration algorithm in the presence of the generative model , which indicates that for an mdp with n state - action pairs and the discount factor \ gamma \ in [ 0 , 1 ) only o ( n \ log ( n /\ delta )/(( 1 -\ gamma )^ 3 \ epsilon ^ 2 )) samples are required to fi ←
→ riemannian - geometry - based modeling and clustering of network - wide non - stationary time series : the brain - network case ; this paper advocates riemannian multi - manifold modeling in the context of network - wide non - stationary time - series analysis . time - series data , collected sequentially over time and across a network , yield features which are viewed as points in or close to a union of multiple submanifolds of a riemannian manifold , and distinguishing disparate time series amounts to clustering multiple rieman ←
→ spin glass models of syntax and language evolution ; using the sswl database of syntactic parameters of world languages , and the mit media lab data on language interactions , we construct a spin glass model of language evolution . we treat binary syntactic parameters as spin states , with languages as vertices of a graph , and assigned interaction energies along the edges . we study a rough model of syntax evolution , under the assumption that a strong interaction energy tends to cause parameters to align , as in ←
→ a model - based projection technique for segmenting customers ; we consider the problem of segmenting a large population of customers into non - overlapping groups with similar preferences , using diverse preference observations such as purchases , ratings , clicks , etc . over subsets of items . we focus on the setting where the universe of items is large ( ranging from thousands to millions ) and unstructured ( lacking well - defined attributes ) and each customer provides observations for only a few items . these data ch ←
→ classifying medical notes into standard disease codes using machine learning ; we investigate the automatic classification of patient discharge notes into standard disease labels . we find that convolutional neural networks with attention outperform previous algorithms used in this task , and suggest further areas for improvement .←
→ unsupervised deep embedding for clustering analysis ; clustering is central to many data - driven application domains and has been studied extensively in terms of distance functions and grouping algorithms . relatively little work has focused on learning representations for clustering . in this paper , we propose deep embedded clustering ( dec ), a method that simultaneously learns feature representations and cluster assignments using deep neural networks . dec learns a mapping from the data space to a lower - dimens ←
→ a framework for dynamic image sampling based on supervised learning ( slads ) ; sparse sampling schemes have the potential to dramatically reduce image acquisition time while simultaneously reducing radiation damage to samples . however , for a sparse sampling scheme to be useful it is important that we are able to reconstruct the underlying object with sufficient clarity using the sparse measurements . in dynamic sampling , each new measurement location is selected based on information obtained from previous m ←
→ fast convolutional nets with fbfft : a gpu performance evaluation ; we examine the performance profile of convolutional neural network training on the current generation of nvidia graphics processing units . we introduce two new fast fourier transform convolution implementations : one based on nvidia ' s cufft library , and another based on a facebook authored fft implementation , fbfft , that provides significant speedups over cufft ( over 1 . 5x ) for whole cnns . both of these convolution implementations are availabl ←
→ learn on source , refine on target : a model transfer learning framework with random forests ; we propose novel model transfer - learning methods that refine a decision forest model m learned within a " source " domain using a training set sampled from a " target " domain , assumed to be a variation of the source . we present two random forest transfer algorithms . the first algorithm searches greedily for locally optimal modifications of each tree structure by trying to locally expand or reduce the tree around indiv ←
→ a new color feature extraction method based on dynamic color distribution entropy of neighborhoods ; one of the important requirements in image retrieval , indexing , classification , clustering and etc . is extracting efficient features from images . the color feature is one of the most widely used visual features . use of color histogram is the most common way for representing color feature . one of disadvantage of the color histogram is that it does not take the color spatial distribution into consideration . ←
→ playtime measurement with survival analysis ; maximizing product use is a central goal of many businesses , which makes retention and monetization two central analytics metrics in games . player retention may refer to various duration variables quantifying product use : total playtime or session playtime are popular research targets , and active playtime is well - suited for subscription games . such research often has the goal of increasing player retention or conversely decreasing player churn . survival analysis ←
→ real - time 3d reconstruction on construction site using visual slam and uav ; 3d reconstruction can be used as a platform to monitor the performance of activities on construction site , such as construction progress monitoring , structure inspection and post - disaster rescue . comparing to other sensors , rgb image has the advantages of low - cost , texture rich and easy to implement that has been used as the primary method for 3d reconstruction in construction industry . however , the image - based 3d reconstruction ←
→ computoser - rule - based , probability - driven algorithmic music composition ; this paper presents the computoser hybrid probability / rule based algorithm for music composition ( http :// computoser . com ) and provides a reference implementation . it addresses the issues of unpleasantness and lack of variation exhibited by many existing approaches by combining the two methods ( basing the parameters of the rules on data obtained from preliminary analysis ). a sample of 500 + musical pieces was analyzed to derive pro ←
→ daisee : towards user engagement recognition in the wild ; we introduce daisee , the largest multi - label video classification dataset comprising of over two - and - a - half million video frames ( 2 , 723 , 882 ), 9068 video snippets ( about 25 hours of recording ) captured from 112 users for recognizing user affective states , including engagement , in the wild . in addition to engagement , it also includes associated affective states of boredom , confusion , and frustration , which are relevant to such applications . the dataset ←
→ constrained deep learning using conditional gradient and applications in computer vision ; a number of results have recently demonstrated the benefits of incorporating various constraints when training deep architectures in vision and machine learning . the advantages range from guarantees for statistical generalization to better accuracy to compression . but support for general constraints within widely used libraries remains scarce and their broader deployment within many applications that can benefit fro ←
→ a class of random fields on complete graphs with tractable partition function ; the aim of this short note is to draw attention to a method by which the partition function and marginal probabilities for a certain class of random fields on complete graphs can be computed in polynomial time . this class includes ising models with homogeneous pairwise potentials but arbitrary ( inhomogeneous ) unary potentials . similarly , the partition function and marginal probabilities can be computed in polynomial time for r ←
→ a survey of visual analysis of human motion and its applications ; this paper summarizes the recent progress in human motion analysis and its applications . in the beginning , we reviewed the motion capture systems and the representation model of human ' s motion data . next , we sketched the advanced human motion data processing technologies , including motion data filtering , temporal alignment , and segmentation . the following parts overview the state - of - the - art approaches of action recognition and dynamics measu ←
→ a neutrosophic description logic ; description logics ( dls ) are appropriate , widely used , logics for managing structured knowledge . they allow reasoning about individuals and concepts , i . e . set of individuals with common properties . typically , dls are limited to dealing with crisp , well defined concepts . that is , concepts for which the problem whether an individual is an instance of it is yes / no question . more often than not , the concepts encountered in the real world do not have a precisely defined criteri ←
→ are complex systems hard to evolve ? ; evolutionary complexity is here measured by the number of trials / evaluations needed for evolving a logical gate in a non - linear medium . behavioural complexity of the gates evolved is characterised in terms of cellular automata behaviour . we speculate that hierarchies of behavioural and evolutionary complexities are isomorphic up to some degree , subject to substrate specificity of evolution and the spectrum of evolution parameters .←
→ stc : a simple to complex framework for weakly - supervised semantic segmentation ; recently , significant improvement has been made on semantic object segmentation due to the development of deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ). training such a dcnn usually relies on a large number of images with pixel - level segmentation masks , and annotating these images is very costly in terms of both finance and human effort . in this paper , we propose a simple to complex ( stc ) framework in which only image - level anno ←
→ a gabor filter texture analysis approach for histopathological brain tumor subtype discrimination ; meningioma brain tumour discrimination is challenging as many histological patterns are mixed between the different subtypes . in clinical practice , dominant patterns are investigated for signs of specific meningioma pathology ; however the simple observation could result in inter - and intra - observer variation due to the complexity of the histopathological patterns . also employing a computerised feature extra ←
→ a new multifocus image fusion method using contourlet transform ; a new multifocus image fusion approach is presented in this paper . first the contourlet transform is used to decompose the source images into different components . then , some salient features are extracted from components . in order to extract salient features , spatial frequency is used . subsequently , the best coefficients from the components are selected by the maximum selection rule . finally , the inverse contourlet transform is applied to th ←
→ diffusion map for clustering fmri spatial maps extracted by independent component analysis ; functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) produces data about activity inside the brain , from which spatial maps can be extracted by independent component analysis ( ica ). in datasets , there are n spatial maps that contain p voxels . the number of voxels is very high compared to the number of analyzed spatial maps . clustering of the spatial maps is usually based on correlation matrices . this usually works well , a ←
→ decision lists for english and basque ; in this paper we describe the systems we developed for the english ( lexical and all - words ) and basque tasks . they were all supervised systems based on yarowsky ' s decision lists . we used semcor for training in the english all - words task . we defined different feature sets for each language . for basque , in order to extract all the information from the text , we defined features that have not been used before in the literature , using a morphological analyzer . we also imple ←
→ estimation of stochastic attribute - value grammars using an informative sample ; we argue that some of the computational complexity associated with estimation of stochastic attribute - value grammars can be reduced by training upon an informative subset of the full training set . results using the parsed wall street journal corpus show that in some circumstances , it is possible to obtain better estimation results using an informative sample than when training upon all the available material . further experimen ←
→ probabilistic classifiers with low rank indefinite kernels ; indefinite similarity measures can be frequently found in bio - informatics by means of alignment scores , but are also common in other fields like shape measures in image retrieval . lacking an underlying vector space , the data are given as pairwise similarities only . the few algorithms available for such data do not scale to larger datasets . focusing on probabilistic batch classifiers , the indefinite kernel fisher discriminant ( ikfd ) and the probabi ←
→ gradient sparsification for communication - efficient distributed optimization ; modern large scale machine learning applications require stochastic optimization algorithms to be implemented on distributed computational architectures . a key bottleneck is the communication overhead for exchanging information such as stochastic gradients among different workers . in this paper , to reduce the communication cost we propose a convex optimization formulation to minimize the coding length of stochastic gradients . t ←
→ multi - sensor integration for indoor 3d reconstruction ; outdoor maps and navigation information delivered by modern services and technologies like google maps and garmin navigators have revolutionized the lifestyle of many people . motivated by the desire for similar navigation systems for indoor usage from consumers , advertisers , emergency rescuers / responders , etc ., many indoor environments such as shopping malls , museums , casinos , airports , transit stations , offices , and schools need to be mapped . typicall ←
→ a novel template - based learning model ; this article presents a model which is capable of learning and abstracting new concepts based on comparing observations and finding the resemblance between the observations . in the model , the new observations are compared with the templates which have been derived from the previous experiences . in the first stage , the objects are first represented through a geometric description which is used for finding the object boundaries and a descriptor which is inspired by the ←
→ aligngan : learning to align cross - domain images with conditional generative adversarial networks ; recently , several methods based on generative adversarial network ( gan ) have been proposed for the task of aligning cross - domain images or learning a joint distribution of cross - domain images . one of the methods is to use conditional gan for alignment . however , previous attempts of adopting conditional gan do not perform as well as other methods . in this work we present an approach for improving the capabili ←
→ simple , robust and optimal ranking from pairwise comparisons ; we consider data in the form of pairwise comparisons of n items , with the goal of precisely identifying the top k items for some value of k < n , or alternatively , recovering a ranking of all the items . we analyze the copeland counting algorithm that ranks the items in order of the number of pairwise comparisons won , and show it has three attractive features : ( a ) its computational efficiency leads to speed - ups of several orders of magnitude in co ←
→ ale : additive latent effect models for grade prediction ; the past decade has seen a growth in the development and deployment of educational technologies for assisting college - going students in choosing majors , selecting courses and acquiring feedback based on past academic performance . grade prediction methods seek to estimate a grade that a student may achieve in a course that she may take in the future ( e . g ., next term ). accurate and timely prediction of students ' academic grades is important for develop ←
→ representing context - sensitive knowledge in a network formalism : a preliminary report ; automated decision making is often complicated by the complexity of the knowledge involved . much of this complexity arises from the context sensitive variations of the underlying phenomena . we propose a framework for representing descriptive , context - sensitive knowledge . our approach attempts to integrate categorical and uncertain knowledge in a network formalism . this paper outlines the basic representation constructs ←
→ a uniform framework for concept definitions in description logics ; most modern formalisms used in databases and artificial intelligence for describing an application domain are based on the notions of class ( or concept ) and relationship among classes . one interesting feature of such formalisms is the possibility of defining a class , i . e ., providing a set of properties that precisely characterize the instances of the class . many recent articles point out that there are several ways of assigning a meaning to ←
→ on the exploration of convolutional fusion networks for visual recognition ; despite recent advances in multi - scale deep representations , their limitations are attributed to expensive parameters and weak fusion modules . hence , we propose an efficient approach to fuse multi - scale deep representations , called convolutional fusion networks ( cfn ). owing to using 1 $\ times $ 1 convolution and global average pooling , cfn can efficiently generate the side branches while adding few parameters . in addition , we presen ←
→ flexible low - rank statistical modeling with side information ; we propose a general framework for reduced - rank modeling of matrix - valued data . by applying a generalized nuclear norm penalty we can directly model low - dimensional latent variables associated with rows and columns . our framework flexibly incorporates row and column features , smoothing kernels , and other sources of side information by penalizing deviations from the row and column models . moreover , a large class of these models can be estimated s ←
→ lipschitz optimisation for lipschitz interpolation ; techniques known as nonlinear set membership prediction , kinky inference or lipschitz interpolation are fast and numerically robust approaches to nonparametric machine learning that have been proposed to be utilised in the context of system identification and learning - based control . they utilise presupposed lipschitz properties in order to compute inferences over unobserved function values . unfortunately , most of these approaches rely on exact knowledge a ←
→ learning graphical models of images , videos and their spatial transformations ; mixtures of gaussians , factor analyzers ( probabilistic pca ) and hidden markov models are staples of static and dynamic data modeling and image and video modeling in particular . we show how topographic transformations in the input , such as translation and shearing in images , can be accounted for in these models by including a discrete transformation variable . the resulting models perform clustering , dimensionality reduction and ←
→ curriculum learning for handwritten text line recognition ; recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) have recently achieved the best performance in off - line handwriting text recognition . at the same time , learning rnn by gradient descent leads to slow convergence , and training times are particularly long when the training database consists of full lines of text . in this paper , we propose an easy way to accelerate stochastic gradient descent in this set - up , and in the general context of learning to recognize sequence ←
→ fast reinforcement learning with large action sets using error - correcting output codes for mdp factorization ; the use of reinforcement learning in real - world scenarios is strongly limited by issues of scale . most rl learning algorithms are unable to deal with problems composed of hundreds or sometimes even dozens of possible actions , and therefore cannot be applied to many real - world problems . we consider the rl problem in the supervised classification framework where the optimal policy is obtained throu ←
→ performance analysis of multiclass support vector machine classification for diagnosis of coronary heart diseases ; automatic diagnosis of coronary heart disease helps the doctor to support in decision making a diagnosis . coronary heart disease have some types or levels . referring to the uci repository dataset , it divided into 4 types or levels that are labeled numbers 1 - 4 ( low , medium , high and serious ). the diagnosis models can be analyzed with multiclass classification approach . one of multiclass class ←
→ variational inference of latent state sequences using recurrent networks ; recent advances in the estimation of deep directed graphical models and recurrent networks let us contribute to the removal of a blind spot in the area of probabilistc modelling of time series . the proposed methods i ) can infer distributed latent state - space trajectories with nonlinear transitions , ii ) scale to large data sets thanks to the use of a stochastic objective and fast , approximate inference , iii ) enable the design of rich ←
→ improving the performance of neural machine translation involving morphologically rich languages ; the advent of the attention mechanism in neural machine translation models has improved the performance of machine translation systems by enabling selective lookup into the source sentence . in this paper , the efficiencies of translation using bidirectional encoder attention decoder models were studied with respect to translation involving morphologically rich languages . the english - tamil language pair was ←
→ alleviating media bias through intelligent agent blogging ; consumers of mass media must have a comprehensive , balanced and plural selection of news to get an unbiased perspective ; but achieving this goal can be very challenging , laborious and time consuming . news stories development over time , its ( in ) consistency , and different level of coverage across the media outlets are challenges that a conscientious reader has to overcome in order to alleviate bias . in this paper we present an intelligent agent fra ←
→ traffic lights with auction - based controllers : algorithms and real - world data ; real - time optimization of traffic flow addresses important practical problems : reducing a driver ' s wasted time , improving city - wide efficiency , reducing gas emissions and improving air quality . much of the current research in traffic - light optimization relies on extending the capabilities of traffic lights to either communicate with each other or communicate with vehicles . however , before such capabilities become ubiquitous , o ←
→ personabank : a corpus of personal narratives and their story intention graphs ; we present a new corpus , personabank , consisting of 108 personal stories from weblogs that have been annotated with their story intention graphs , a deep representation of the fabula of a story . we describe the topics of the stories and the basis of the story intention graph representation , as well as the process of annotating the stories to produce the story intention graphs and the challenges of adapting the tool to this new ←
→ video object segmentation using tracked object proposals ; we present an approach to semi - supervised video object segmentation , in the context of the davis 2017 challenge . our approach combines category - based object detection , category - independent object appearance segmentation and temporal object tracking . we are motivated by the fact that the objects semantic category tends not to change throughout the video while its appearance and location can vary considerably . in order to capture the specific object a ←
→ dr - bilstm : dependent reading bidirectional lstm for natural language inference ; we present a novel deep learning architecture to address the natural language inference ( nli ) task . existing approaches mostly rely on simple reading mechanisms for independent encoding of the premise and hypothesis . instead , we propose a novel dependent reading bidirectional lstm network ( dr - bilstm ) to efficiently model the relationship between a premise and a hypothesis during encoding and inference . we also introduce a sop ←
→ sparse signal reconstruction with multiple side information using adaptive weights for multiview sources ; this work considers reconstructing a target signal in a context of distributed sparse sources . we propose an efficient reconstruction algorithm with the aid of other given sources as multiple side information ( si ). the proposed algorithm takes advantage of compressive sensing ( cs ) with si and adaptive weights by solving a proposed weighted $ n $-$\ ell_ { 1 }$ minimization . the proposed algorithm computes ←
→ learning the localization function : machine learning approach to fingerprinting localization ; considered as a data - driven approach , fingerprinting localization solutions ( fpss ) enjoy huge popularity due to their good performance and minimal environment information requirement . this papers addresses applications of artificial intelligence to solve two problems in received signal strength indicator ( rssi ) based fps , first the cumbersome training database construction and second the extrapolation of fingerp ←
→ on modal logics for qualitative possibility in a fuzzy setting ; within the possibilistic approach to uncertainty modeling , the paper presents a modal logical system to reason about qualitative ( comparative ) statements of the possibility ( and necessity ) of fuzzy propositions . we relate this qualitative modal logic to the many -- valued analogues mvs5 and mvkd45 of the well known modal logics of knowledge and belief s5 and kd45 respectively . completeness results are obtained for such logics and therefore , they ←
→ a character - level convolutional neural network for distinguishing similar languages and dialects ; discriminating between closely - related language varieties is considered a challenging and important task . this paper describes our submission to the dsl 2016 shared - task , which included two sub - tasks : one on discriminating similar languages and one on identifying arabic dialects . we developed a character - level neural network for this task . given a sequence of characters , our model embeds each character in ve ←
→ an effective ahp - based metaheuristic approach to solve supplier selection problem ; the supplier selection problem is based on electing the best supplier from a group of pre - specified candidates , is identified as a multi criteria decision making ( mcdm ), is proportionately significant in terms of qualitative and quantitative attributes . it is a fundamental issue to achieve a trade - off between such quantifiable and unquantifiable attributes with an aim to accomplish the best solution to the abovementioned p ←
→ learning simpler language models with the differential state framework ; learning useful information across long time lags is a critical and difficult problem for temporal neural models in tasks such as language modeling . existing architectures that address the issue are often complex and costly to train . the differential state framework ( dsf ) is a simple and high - performing design that unifies previously introduced gated neural models . dsf models maintain longer - term memory by learning to interpolate betwe ←
→ context - aware bandits ; we propose an efficient context - aware clustering of bandits ( cab ) algorithm , which can capture collaborative effects . cab can be easily deployed in a real - world recommendation system , where multi - armed bandits have been shown to perform well in particular with respect to the cold - start problem . cab utilizes a context - aware clustering augmented by exploration - exploitation strategies . cab dynamically clusters the users based on the content universe under consideration . we give a theore ←
→ age group classification with speech and metadata multimodality fusion ; children comprise a significant proportion of tv viewers and it is worthwhile to customize the experience for them . however , identifying who is a child in the audience can be a challenging task . identifying gender and age from audio commands is a well - studied problem but is still very challenging to get good accuracy when the utterances are typically only a couple of seconds long . we present initial studies of a novel method which comb ←
→ analyzing neural mt search and model performance ; in this paper , we offer an in - depth analysis about the modeling and search performance . we address the question if a more complex search algorithm is necessary . furthermore , we investigate the question if more complex models which might only be applicable during rescoring are promising . by separating the search space and the modeling using $ n $- best list reranking , we analyze the influence of both parts of an nmt system independently . by comparing differen ←
→ a closed - form approach to bayesian inference in tree - structured graphical models ; we consider the inference of the structure of an undirected graphical model in an exact bayesian framework . more specifically we aim at achieving the inference with close - form posteriors , avoiding any sampling step . this task would be intractable without any restriction on the considered graphs , so we limit our exploration to mixtures of spanning trees . we consider the inference of the structure of an undirected graphical m ←
→ saliency fusion in eigenvector space with multi - channel pulse coupled neural network ; saliency computation has become a popular research field for many applications due to the useful information provided by saliency maps . for a saliency map , local relations around the salient regions in multi - channel perspective should be taken into consideration by aiming uniformity on the region of interest as an internal approach . and , irrelevant salient regions have to be avoided as much as possible . most of the work ←
→ learning lambek grammars from proof frames ; in addition to their limpid interface with semantics , categorial grammars enjoy another important property : learnability . this was first noticed by buskowsky and penn and further studied by kanazawa , for bar - hillel categorial grammars . what about lambek categorial grammars ? in a previous paper we showed that product free lambek grammars where learnable from structured sentences , the structures being incomplete natural deductions . these grammars were shown to be ←
→ manipulation of nanson ' s and baldwin ' s rules ; nanson ' s and baldwin ' s voting rules select a winner by successively eliminating candidates with low borda scores . we show that these rules have a number of desirable computational properties . in particular , with unweighted votes , it is np - hard to manipulate either rule with one manipulator , whilst with weighted votes , it is np - hard to manipulate either rule with a small number of candidates and a coalition of manipulators . as only a couple of other voting rules ←
→ towards accurate word segmentation for chinese patents ; a patent is a property right for an invention granted by the government to the inventor . an invention is a solution to a specific technological problem . so patents often have a high concentration of scientific and technical terms that are rare in everyday language . the chinese word segmentation model trained on currently available everyday language data sets performs poorly because it cannot effectively recognize these scientific and technical terms . ←
→ generative image inpainting with contextual attention ; recent deep learning based approaches have shown promising results for the challenging task of inpainting large missing regions in an image . these methods can generate visually plausible image structures and textures , but often create distorted structures or blurry textures inconsistent with surrounding areas . this is mainly due to ineffectiveness of convolutional neural networks in explicitly borrowing or copying information from distant spatial locat ←
→ seeds : superpixels extracted via energy - driven sampling ; superpixel algorithms aim to over - segment the image by grouping pixels that belong to the same object . many state - of - the - art superpixel algorithms rely on minimizing objective functions to enforce color ho - mogeneity . the optimization is accomplished by sophis - ticated methods that progressively build the superpix - els , typically by adding cuts or growing superpixels . as a result , they are computationally too expensive for real - time applications . we ←
→ revisiting the centroid - based method : a strong baseline for multi - document summarization ; the centroid - based model for extractive document summarization is a simple and fast baseline that ranks sentences based on their similarity to a centroid vector . in this paper , we apply this ranking to possible summaries instead of sentences and use a simple greedy algorithm to find the best summary . furthermore , we show possi - bilities to scale up to larger input docu - ment collections by selecting a small num - ber ←
→ image restoration using total variation with overlapping group sparsity ; image restoration is one of the most fundamental issues in imaging science . total variation ( tv ) regularization is widely used in image restoration problems for its capability to preserve edges . in the literature , however , it is also well known for producing staircase - like artifacts . usually , the high - order total variation ( htv ) regularizer is an good option except its over - smoothing property . in this work , we study a minimization pro ←
→ sketching for sequential change - point detection ; we study sequential change - point detection using sketches ( linear projections ) of high - dimensional signal vectors , by presenting the sketching procedures that are derived based on the generalized likelihood ratio statistic . we consider both fixed and time - varying projections , and derive theoretical approximations to two fundamental performance metrics : the average run length ( arl ) and the expected detection delay ( edd ); these approximations are shown to be h ←
→ estimation of interventional effects of features on prediction ; the interpretability of prediction mechanisms with respect to the underlying prediction problem is often unclear . while several studies have focused on developing prediction models with meaningful parameters , the causal relationships between the predictors and the actual prediction have not been considered . here , we connect the underlying causal structure of a data generation process and the causal structure of a prediction mechanism . to achie ←
→ fmltohol ( version 1 . 0 ): automating first - order modal logics with leo - ii and friends ; a converter from first - order modal logics to classical higher - order logic is presented . this tool enables the application of off - the - shelf higher - order theorem provers and model finders for reasoning within first - order modal logics . the tool supports logics k , k4 , d , d4 , t , s4 , and s5 with respect to constant , varying and cumulative domain semantics .←
→ discriminately decreasing discriminability with learned image filters ; in machine learning and computer vision , input images are often filtered to increase data discriminability . in some situations , however , one may wish to purposely decrease discriminability of one classification task ( a " distractor " task ), while simultaneously preserving information relevant to another ( the task - of - interest ): for example , it may be important to mask the identity of persons contained in face images before submitting them ←
→ multi - scale attention with dense encoder for handwritten mathematical expression recognition ; handwritten mathematical expression recognition is a challenging problem due to the complicated two - dimensional structures , ambiguous handwriting input and variant scales of handwritten math symbols . to settle this problem , we utilize the attention based encoder - decoder model that recognizes mathematical expression images from two - dimensional layouts to one - dimensional latex strings . we improve the encoder by em ←
→ explaining trained neural networks with semantic web technologies : first steps ; the ever increasing prevalence of publicly available structured data on the world wide web enables new applications in a variety of domains . in this paper , we provide a conceptual approach that leverages such data in order to explain the input - output behavior of trained artificial neural networks . we apply existing semantic web technologies in order to provide an experimental proof of concept .←
→ generating a 3d simulation of a car accident from a written description in natural language : the carsim system ; this paper describes a prototype system to visualize and animate 3d scenes from car accident reports , written in french . the problem of generating such a 3d simulation can be divided into two subtasks : the linguistic analysis and the virtual scene generation . as a means of communication between these two modules , we first designed a template formalism to represent a written accident report . the ←
→ a generalized markov - chain modelling approach to $( 1 , λ )$- es linear optimization : technical report ; several recent publications investigated markov - chain modelling of linear optimization by a $( 1 ,\ lambda )$- es , considering both unconstrained and linearly constrained optimization , and both constant and varying step size . all of them assume normality of the involved random steps , and while this is consistent with a black - box scenario , information on the function to be optimized ( e . g . separability ) may be exp ←
→ large batch training of convolutional networks ; a common way to speed up training of large convolutional networks is to add computational units . training is then performed using data - parallel synchronous stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) with mini - batch divided between computational units . with an increase in the number of nodes , the batch size grows . but training with large batch size often results in the lower model accuracy . we argue that the current recipe for large batch training ( linear learning rate ←
→ a formal characterization of the local search topology of the gap heuristic ; the pancake puzzle is a classic optimization problem that has become a standard benchmark for heuristic search algorithms . in this paper , we provide full proofs regarding the local search topology of the gap heuristic for the pancake puzzle . first , we show that in any non - goal state in which there is no move that will decrease the number of gaps , there is a move that will keep the number of gaps constant . we then classify any st ←
→ the deep journey from content to collaborative filtering ; in recommender systems research , algorithms are often characterized as either collaborative filtering ( cf ) or content based ( cb ). cf algorithms are trained using a dataset of user explicit or implicit preferences while cb algorithms are typically based on item profiles . these approaches harness very different data sources hence the resulting recommended items are generally also very different . this paper presents a novel model that serves as a bridg ←
→ impossibility of deducing preferences and rationality from human policy ; inverse reinforcement learning ( irl ) attempts to infer human rewards or preferences from observed behavior . since human planning systematically deviates from rationality , several approaches have been tried to account for specific human shortcomings . however , there has been little analysis of the general problem of inferring the reward of a human of unknown rationality . the observed behavior can , in principle , be decomposed into two co ←
→ a note on the entropy / influence conjecture ; the entropy / influence conjecture , raised by friedgut and kalai in 1996 , seeks to relate two different measures of concentration of the fourier coefficients of a boolean function . roughly saying , it claims that if the fourier spectrum is " smeared out ", then the fourier coefficients are concentrated on " high " levels . in this note we generalize the conjecture to biased product measures on the discrete cube , and prove a variant of the conjecture for functions with an ←
→ progressive learning for systematic design of large neural networks ; we develop an algorithm for systematic design of a large artificial neural network using a progression property . we find that some non - linear functions , such as the rectifier linear unit and its derivatives , hold the property . the systematic design addresses the choice of network size and regularization of parameters . the number of nodes and layers in network increases in progression with the objective of consistently reducing an appropri ←
→ text segmentation using named entity recognition and co - reference resolution in english and greek texts ; in this paper we examine the benefit of performing named entity recognition ( ner ) and co - reference resolution to an english and a greek corpus used for text segmentation . the aim here is to examine whether the combination of text segmentation and information extraction can be beneficial for the identification of the various topics that appear in a document . ner was performed manually in the english co ←
→" ideal parent " structure learning for continuous variable networks ; in recent years , there is a growing interest in learning bayesian networks with continuous variables . learning the structure of such networks is a computationally expensive procedure , which limits most applications to parameter learning . this problem is even more acute when learning networks with hidden variables . we present a general method for significantly speeding the structure search algorithm for continuous variable networks with com ←
→ spectral norm of random kernel matrices with applications to privacy ; kernel methods are an extremely popular set of techniques used for many important machine learning and data analysis applications . in addition to having good practical performances , these methods are supported by a well - developed theory . kernel methods use an implicit mapping of the input data into a high dimensional feature space defined by a kernel function , i . e ., a function returning the inner product between the images of two data po ←
→ encoding video and label priors for multi - label video classification on youtube - 8m dataset ; youtube - 8m is the largest video dataset for multi - label video classification . in order to tackle the multi - label classification on this challenging dataset , it is necessary to solve several issues such as temporal modeling of videos , label imbalances , and correlations between labels . we develop a deep neural network model , which consists of four components : the frame encoder , the classification layer , the label pr ←
→ solving uncalibrated photometric stereo using fewer images by jointly optimizing low - rank matrix completion and integrability ; we introduce a new , integrated approach to uncalibrated photometric stereo . we perform 3d reconstruction of lambertian objects using multiple images produced by unknown , directional light sources . we show how to formulate a single optimization that includes rank and integrability constraints , allowing also for missing data . we then solve this optimization using the alternate dire ←
→ bdgraph : an r package for bayesian structure learning in graphical models ; graphical models provide powerful tools to uncover complicated patterns in multivariate data and are commonly used in bayesian statistics and machine learning . in this paper , we introduce an r package bdgraph which performs bayesian structure learning for general undirected graphical models with either continuous or discrete variables . the package efficiently implements recent improvements in the bayesian literature . to speed up c ←
→ a qualitative dynamical modelling approach to capital accumulation in unregulated fisheries ; capital accumulation has been a major issue in fisheries economics over the last two decades , whereby the interaction of the fish and capital stocks were of particular interest . because bio - economic systems are intrinsically complex , previous efforts in this field have relied on a variety of simplifying assumptions . the model presented here relaxes some of these simplifications . problems of tractability are surmo ←
→ shaping proto - value functions via rewards ; in this paper , we combine task - dependent reward shaping and task - independent proto - value functions to obtain reward dependent proto - value functions ( rpvfs ). in constructing the rpvfs we are making use of the immediate rewards which are available during the sampling phase but are not used in the pvf construction . we show via experiments that learning with an rpvf based representation is better than learning with just reward shaping or pvfs . in particular , when the ←
→ opening the black box of financial ai with clear - trade : a class - enhanced attentive response approach for explaining and visualizing deep learning - driven stock market prediction ; deep learning has been shown to outperform traditional machine learning algorithms across a wide range of problem domains . however , current deep learning algorithms have been criticized as uninterpretable " black - boxes " which cannot explain their decision making processes . this is a major shortcoming that prevents the widespread ←
→ neural self talk : image understanding via continuous questioning and answering ; in this paper we consider the problem of continuously discovering image contents by actively asking image based questions and subsequently answering the questions being asked . the key components include a visual question generation ( vqg ) module and a visual question answering module , in which recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) and convolutional neural network ( cnn ) are used . given a dataset that contains images , questions and th ←
→ an overview of schema theory ; the purpose of this paper is to give an introduction to the field of schema theory written by a mathematician and for mathematicians . in particular , we endeavor to to highlight areas of the field which might be of interest to a mathematician , to point out some related open problems , and to suggest some large - scale projects . schema theory seeks to give a theoretical justification for the efficacy of the field of genetic algorithms , so readers who have studied genetic algorithms ←
→ a real - time deep learning pedestrian detector for robot navigation ; a real - time deep learning based method for pedestrian detection ( pd ) is applied to the human - aware robot navigation problem . the pedestrian detector combines the aggregate channel features ( acf ) detector with a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) in order to obtain fast and accurate performance . our solution is firstly evaluated using a set of real images taken from onboard and offboard cameras and , then , it is validated in a typical r ←
→ attention strategies for multi - source sequence - to - sequence learning ; modeling attention in neural multi - source sequence - to - sequence learning remains a relatively unexplored area , despite its usefulness in tasks that incorporate multiple source languages or modalities . we propose two novel approaches to combine the outputs of attention mechanisms over each source sequence , flat and hierarchical . we compare the proposed methods with existing techniques and present results of systematic evaluation of those me ←
→ dropping activation outputs with localized first - layer deep network for enhancing user privacy and data security ; deep learning methods can play a crucial role in anomaly detection , prediction , and supporting decision making for applications like personal health - care , pervasive body sensing , etc . however , current architecture of deep networks suffers the privacy issue that users need to give out their data to the model ( typically hosted in a server or a cluster on cloud ) for training or prediction . this ←
→ autonomous navigation for low - altitude uavs in urban areas ; in recent years , consumer unmanned aerial vehicles have become very popular , everyone can buy and fly a drone without previous experience , which raises concern in regards to regulations and public safety . in this paper , we present a novel approach towards enabling safe operation of such vehicles in urban areas . our method uses geodetically accurate dataset images with geographical information system ( gis ) data of road networks and buildings provid ←
→ conformant planning via symbolic model checking ; we tackle the problem of planning in nondeterministic domains , by presenting a new approach to conformant planning . conformant planning is the problem of finding a sequence of actions that is guaranteed to achieve the goal despite the nondeterminism of the domain . our approach is based on the representation of the planning domain as a finite state automaton . we use symbolic model checking techniques , in particular binary decision diagrams , to compactly repre ←
→ home location identification of twitter users ; we present a new algorithm for inferring the home location of twitter users at different granularities , including city , state , time zone or geographic region , using the content of users tweets and their tweeting behavior . unlike existing approaches , our algorithm uses an ensemble of statistical and heuristic classifiers to predict locations and makes use of a geographic gazetteer dictionary to identify place - name entities . we find that a hierarchical classific ←
→ multicol - slam - a modular real - time multi - camera slam system ; the basis for most vision based applications like robotics , self - driving cars and potentially augmented and virtual reality is a robust , continuous estimation of the position and orientation of a camera system w . r . t the observed environment ( scene ). in recent years many vision based systems that perform simultaneous localization and mapping ( slam ) have been presented and released as open source . in this paper , we extend and improve upon a state -←
→ improving a strong neural parser with conjunction - specific features ; while dependency parsers reach very high overall accuracy , some dependency relations are much harder than others . in particular , dependency parsers perform poorly in coordination construction ( i . e ., correctly attaching the " conj " relation ). we extend a state - of - the - art dependency parser with conjunction - specific features , focusing on the similarity between the conjuncts head words . training the extended parser yields an improvement in " co ←
→ query - reduction networks for question answering ; in this paper , we study the problem of question answering when reasoning over multiple facts is required . we propose query - reduction network ( qrn ), a variant of recurrent neural network ( rnn ) that effectively handles both short - term ( local ) and long - term ( global ) sequential dependencies to reason over multiple facts . qrn considers the context sentences as a sequence of state - changing triggers , and reduces the original query to a more informed query as it obs ←
→ automatic neuron type identification by neurite localization in the drosophila medulla ; mapping the connectivity of neurons in the brain ( i . e ., connectomics ) is a challenging problem due to both the number of connections in even the smallest organisms and the nanometer resolution required to resolve them . because of this , previous connectomes contain only hundreds of neurons , such as in the c . elegans connectome . recent technological advances will unlock the mysteries of increasingly large connectomes ( or ←
→ data mining approach for analyzing call center performance ; the aim of our research was to apply well - known data mining techniques ( such as linear neural networks , multi - layered perceptrons , probabilistic neural networks , classification and regression trees , support vector machines and finally a hybrid decision tree neural network approach ) to the problem of predicting the quality of service in call centers ; based on the performance data actually collected in a call center of a large insurance company . our ←
→ a unified computational and statistical framework for nonconvex low - rank matrix estimation ; we propose a unified framework for estimating low - rank matrices through nonconvex optimization based on gradient descent algorithm . our framework is quite general and can be applied to both noisy and noiseless observations . in the general case with noisy observations , we show that our algorithm is guaranteed to linearly converge to the unknown low - rank matrix up to minimax optimal statistical error , provided an ap ←
→ consistent bounded - asynchronous parameter servers for distributed ml ; in distributed ml applications , shared parameters are usually replicated among computing nodes to minimize network overhead . therefore , proper consistency model must be carefully chosen to ensure algorithm ' s correctness and provide high throughput . existing consistency models used in general - purpose databases and modern distributed ml systems are either too loose to guarantee correctness of the ml algorithms or too strict and thus fail t ←
→ adaptation to criticality through organizational invariance in embodied agents ; many biological and cognitive systems do not operate deep within one or other regime of activity . instead , they are poised at critical points located at transitions of their parameter space . the pervasiveness of criticality suggests that there may be general principles inducing this behaviour , yet there is no well - founded theory for understanding how criticality is found at a wide span of levels and contexts . in this paper we ←
→ riemannian walk for incremental learning : understanding forgetting and intransigence ; we study incremental learning for the classification task , a key component for life - long learning systems . for an incremental learning algorithm , the main challenges are to update the classifier whilst preserving previous knowledge . in addition to forgetting , a well - known issue while preserving knowledge , we observe that incremental learning algorithms also suffer from a crucial problem of intransigence , its inability t ←
→ iterative machine teaching ; in this paper , we consider the problem of machine teaching , the inverse problem of machine learning . different from traditional machine teaching which views the learners as batch algorithms , we study a new paradigm where the learner uses an iterative algorithm and a teacher can feed examples sequentially and intelligently based on the current performance of the learner . we show that the teaching complexity in the iterative case is very different from that in the batch case . inst ←
→ lossless representation of graphs using distributions ; we consider complete graphs with edge weights and / or node weights taking values in some set . in the first part of this paper , we show that a large number of graphs are completely determined , up to isomorphism , by the distribution of their sub - triangles . in the second part , we propose graph representations in terms of one - dimensional distributions ( e . g ., distribution of the node weights , sum of adjacent weights , etc .). for the case when the weights of t ←
→ learning correspondence structures for person re - identification ; this paper addresses the problem of handling spatial misalignments due to camera - view changes or human - pose variations in person re - identification . we first introduce a boosting - based approach to learn a correspondence structure which indicates the patch - wise matching probabilities between images from a target camera pair . the learned correspondence structure can not only capture the spatial correspondence pattern between cameras but also han ←
→ revisiting the vector space model : sparse weighted nearest - neighbor method for extreme multi - label classification ; machine learning has played an important role in information retrieval ( ir ) in recent times . in search engines , for example , query keywords are accepted and documents are returned in order of relevance to the given query ; this can be cast as a multi - label ranking problem in machine learning . generally , the number of candidate documents is extremely large ( from several thousand to several mil ←
→ trainable methods for surface natural language generation ; we present three systems for surface natural language generation that are trainable from annotated corpora . the first two systems , called nlg1 and nlg2 , require a corpus marked only with domain - specific semantic attributes , while the last system , called nlg3 , requires a corpus marked with both semantic attributes and syntactic dependency information . all systems attempt to produce a grammatical natural language phrase from a domain - specific semanti ←
→ the uncertainty bellman equation and exploration ; we consider the exploration / exploitation problem in reinforcement learning . for exploitation , it is well known that the bellman equation connects the value at any time - step to the expected value at subsequent time - steps . in this paper we consider a similar uncertainty bellman equation ( ube ), which connects the uncertainty at any time - step to the expected uncertainties at subsequent time - steps , thereby extending the potential exploratory benefit of a policy ←
→ autonomous reinforcement of behavioral sequences in neural dynamics ; we introduce a dynamic neural algorithm called dynamic neural ( dn ) sarsa (\ lambda ) for learning a behavioral sequence from delayed reward . dn - sarsa (\ lambda ) combines dynamic field theory models of behavioral sequence representation , classical reinforcement learning , and a computational neuroscience model of working memory , called item and order working memory , which serves as an eligibility trace . dn - sarsa (\ lambda ) is implemented on both a ←
→ genetic transfer or population diversification ? deciphering the secret ingredients of evolutionary multitask optimization ; evolutionary multitasking has recently emerged as a novel paradigm that enables the similarities and / or latent complementarities ( if present ) between distinct optimization tasks to be exploited in an autonomous manner simply by solving them together with a unified solution representation scheme . an important matter underpinning future algorithmic advancements is to develop a better u ←
→ a uniform approach to analogies , synonyms , antonyms , and associations ; recognizing analogies , synonyms , antonyms , and associations appear to be four distinct tasks , requiring distinct nlp algorithms . in the past , the four tasks have been treated independently , using a wide variety of algorithms . these four semantic classes , however , are a tiny sample of the full range of semantic phenomena , and we cannot afford to create ad hoc algorithms for each semantic phenomenon ; we need to seek a unified approach . we ←
→ extracting spooky - activation - at - a - distance from considerations of entanglement ; following an early claim by nelson & mcevoy \ cite { nelson : mcevoy : 2007 } suggesting that word associations can display ` spooky action at a distance behaviour ', a serious investigation of the potentially quantum nature of such associations is currently underway . this paper presents a simple quantum model of a word association system . it is shown that a quantum model of word entanglement can recover aspects of both the spreading a ←
→ stark : structured dictionary learning through rank - one tensor recovery ; in recent years , a class of dictionaries have been proposed for multidimensional ( tensor ) data representation that exploit the structure of tensor data by imposing a kronecker structure on the dictionary underlying the data . in this work , a novel algorithm called " stark " is provided to learn kronecker structured dictionaries that can represent tensors of any order . by establishing that the kronecker product of any number of matrices ca ←
→ interactive image manipulation with natural language instruction commands ; we propose an interactive image - manipulation system with natural language instruction , which can generate a target image from a source image and an instruction that describes the difference between the source and the target image . the system makes it possible to modify a generated image interactively and make natural language conditioned image generation more controllable . we construct a neural network that handles image vectors i ←
→ attacking the madry defense model with $ l_1 $- based adversarial examples ; the madry lab recently hosted a competition designed to test the robustness of their adversarially trained mnist model . attacks were constrained to perturb each pixel of the input image by a scaled maximal $ l_ \ infty $ distortion $\ epsilon $ = 0 . 3 . this discourages the use of attacks which are not optimized on the $ l_ \ infty $ distortion metric . our experimental results demonstrate that by relaxing the $ l_ \ infty $ constraint of the competit ←
→ moving vehicle detection using adaboost and haar - like feature in surveillance videos ; vehicle detection is a technology which its aim is to locate and show the vehicle size in digital images . in this technology , vehicles are detected in presence of other things like trees and buildings . it has an important role in many computer vision applications such as vehicle tracking , analyzing the traffic scene and efficient traffic management . in this paper , vehicles detected based on the boosting technique by vio ←
→ on the rates of convergence from surrogate risk minimizers to the bayes optimal classifier ; we study the rates of convergence from empirical surrogate risk minimizers to the bayes optimal classifier . specifically , we introduce the notion of \ emph { consistency intensity } to characterize a surrogate loss function and exploit this notion to obtain the rate of convergence from an empirical surrogate risk minimizer to the bayes optimal classifier , enabling fair comparisons of the excess risks of different surr ←
→ topic based sentiment analysis using deep learning ; in this paper , we tackle sentiment analysis conditioned on a topic in twitter data using deep learning . we propose a 2 - tier approach : in the first phase we create our own word embeddings and see that they do perform better than state - of - the - art embeddings when used with standard classifiers . we then perform inference on these embeddings to learn more about a word with respect to all the topics being considered , and also the top n - influencing words for ←
→ aggregating algorithm competing with banach lattices ; the paper deals with on - line regression settings with signals belonging to a banach lattice . our algorithms work in a semi - online setting where all the inputs are known in advance and outcomes are unknown and given step by step . we apply the aggregating algorithm to construct a prediction method whose cumulative loss over all the input vectors is comparable with the cumulative loss of any linear functional on the banach lattice . as a by - product we get a ←
→ statistical methods for tissue array images - algorithmic scoring and co - training ; recent advances in tissue microarray technology have allowed immunohistochemistry to become a powerful medium - to - high throughput analysis tool , particularly for the validation of diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers . however , as study size grows , the manual evaluation of these assays becomes a prohibitive limitation ; it vastly reduces throughput and greatly increases variability and expense . we propose an algorithm - tissu ←
→ adaptive measurement - based policy - driven qos management with fuzzy - rule - based resource allocation ; fixed and wireless networks are increasingly converging towards common connectivity with ip - based core networks . providing effective end - to - end resource and qos management in such complex heterogeneous converged network scenarios requires unified , adaptive and scalable solutions to integrate and co - ordinate diverse qos mechanisms of different access technologies with ip - based qos . policy - based network manag ←
→ biometric signature processing & recognition using radial basis function network ; automatic recognition of signature is a challenging problem which has received much attention during recent years due to its many applications in different fields . signature has been used for long time for verification and authentication purpose . earlier methods were manual but nowadays they are getting digitized . this paper provides an efficient method to signature recognition using radial basis function network . the netwo ←
→ winqi : a system for 6d localization and slam augmentation using wideangle optics and coded light beacons ; simultaneous localization and mapping ( slam ) systems use commodity visible / near visible digital sensors coupled with processing units that detect , recognize and track image points in a camera stream . these systems are cheap , fast and make use of readily available camera technologies . however , slam systems suffer from issues of drift as well as sensitivity to lighting variation such as shadows and cha ←
→ a correlation based feature representation for first - person activity recognition ; in this paper , a simple yet efficient activity recognition method for first - person video is introduced . the proposed method is appropriate for representation of high - dimensional features such as those extracted from convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). the per - frame ( per - segment ) extracted features are considered as a set of time series , and inter and intra - time series relations are employed to represent the video descript ←
→ object classification by means of multi - feature concept learning in a multi expert - agent system ; classification of some objects in classes of concepts is an essential and even breathtaking task in many applications . a solution is discussed here based on multi - agent systems . a kernel of some expert agents in several classes is to consult a central agent decide among the classification problem of a certain object . this kernel is moderated with the center agent , trying to manage the querying agents for any ←
→ inertia - constrained pixel - by - pixel nonnegative matrix factorisation : a hyperspectral unmixing method dealing with intra - class variability ; blind source separation is a common processing tool to analyse the constitution of pixels of hyperspectral images . such methods usually suppose that pure pixel spectra ( endmembers ) are the same in all the image for each class of materials . in the framework of remote sensing , such an assumption is no more valid in the presence of intra - class variabilities due to illumi ←
→ sublinear models for graphs ; this contribution extends linear models for feature vectors to sublinear models for graphs and analyzes their properties . the results are ( i ) a geometric interpretation of sublinear classifiers , ( ii ) a generic learning rule based on the principle of empirical risk minimization , ( iii ) a convergence theorem for the margin perceptron in the sublinearly separable case , and ( iv ) the vc - dimension of sublinear functions . empirical results on graph data show that sublinear models on gr ←
→ growing interpretable part graphs on convnets via multi - shot learning ; this paper proposes a learning strategy that extracts object - part concepts from a pre - trained convolutional neural network ( cnn ), in an attempt to 1 ) explore explicit semantics hidden in cnn units and 2 ) gradually grow a semantically interpretable graphical model on the pre - trained cnn for hierarchical object understanding . given part annotations on very few ( e . g ., 3 - 12 ) objects , our method mines certain latent patterns from the pre - tra ←
→ domain separation networks ; the cost of large scale data collection and annotation often makes the application of machine learning algorithms to new tasks or datasets prohibitively expensive . one approach circumventing this cost is training models on synthetic data where annotations are provided automatically . despite their appeal , such models often fail to generalize from synthetic to real images , necessitating domain adaptation algorithms to manipulate these models before they can be successfully applied ←
→ explaining predictions of non - linear classifiers in nlp ; layer - wise relevance propagation ( lrp ) is a recently proposed technique for explaining predictions of complex non - linear classifiers in terms of input variables . in this paper , we apply lrp for the first time to natural language processing ( nlp ). more precisely , we use it to explain the predictions of a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) trained on a topic categorization task . our analysis highlights which words are relevant for a specific prediction ←
→ a low variance consistent test of relative dependency ; we describe a novel non - parametric statistical hypothesis test of relative dependence between a source variable and two candidate target variables . such a test enables us to determine whether one source variable is significantly more dependent on a first target variable or a second . dependence is measured via the hilbert - schmidt independence criterion ( hsic ), resulting in a pair of empirical dependence measures ( source - target 1 , source - target 2 ). we te ←
→ revisiting salient object detection : simultaneous detection , ranking , and subitizing of multiple salient objects ; salient object detection is a problem that has been considered in detail and many solutions proposed . in this paper , we argue that work to date has addressed a problem that is relatively ill - posed . specifically , there is not universal agreement about what constitutes a salient object when multiple observers are queried . this implies that some objects are more likely to be judged salient than ←
→ predicting rich drug - drug interactions via biomedical knowledge graphs and text jointly embedding ; minimizing adverse reactions caused by drug - drug interactions has always been a momentous research topic in clinical pharmacology . detecting all possible interactions through clinical studies before a drug is released to the market is a demanding task . the power of big data is opening up new approaches to discover various drug - drug interactions . however , these discoveries contain a huge amount of noise and ←
→ implicit regularization in matrix factorization ; we study implicit regularization when optimizing an underdetermined quadratic objective over a matrix $ x $ with gradient descent on a factorization of $ x $. we conjecture and provide empirical and theoretical evidence that with small enough step sizes and initialization close enough to the origin , gradient descent on a full dimensional factorization converges to the minimum nuclear norm solution .←
→ predicting individual physiologically acceptable states for discharge from a pediatric intensive care unit ; objective : predict patient - specific vitals deemed medically acceptable for discharge from a pediatric intensive care unit ( icu ). design : the means of each patient ' s hr , sbp and dbp measurements between their medical and physical discharge from the icu were computed as a proxy for their physiologically acceptable state space ( pass ) for successful icu discharge . these individual pass values were comp ←
→ fast svm - based feature elimination utilizing data radius , hard - margin , soft - margin ; margin maximization in the hard - margin sense , proposed as feature elimination criterion by the mfe - lo method , is combined here with data radius utilization to further aim to lower generalization error , as several published bounds and bound - related formulations pertaining to lowering misclassification risk ( or error ) pertain to radius e . g . product of squared radius and weight vector squared norm . additionally , we propose a ←
→ ocrapose ii : an ocr - based indoor positioning system using mobile phone images ; in this paper , we propose an ocr ( optical character recognition )- based localization system called ocrapose ii , which is applicable in a number of indoor scenarios including office buildings , parkings , airports , grocery stores , etc . in these scenarios , characters ( i . e . texts or numbers ) can be used as suitable distinctive landmarks for localization . the proposed system takes advantage of ocr to read these characters in the quer ←
→ generalization tower network : a novel deep neural network architecture for multi - task learning ; deep learning ( dl ) advances state - of - the - art reinforcement learning ( rl ), by incorporating deep neural networks in learning representations from the input to rl . however , the conventional deep neural network architecture is limited in learning representations for multi - task rl ( mt - rl ), as multiple tasks can refer to different kinds of representations . in this paper , we thus propose a novel deep neural network ←
→ juxtaposition of system dynamics and agent - based simulation for a case study in immunosenescence ; advances in healthcare and in the quality of life significantly increase human life expectancy . with the ageing of populations , new un - faced challenges are brought to science . the human body is naturally selected to be well - functioning until the age of reproduction to keep the species alive . however , as the lifespan extends , unseen problems due to the body deterioration emerge . there are several age - related ←
→ μ - mar : multiplane 3d marker based registration for depth - sensing cameras ; many applications including object reconstruction , robot guidance , and scene mapping require the registration of multiple views from a scene to generate a complete geometric and appearance model of it . in real situations , transformations between views are unknown an it is necessary to apply expert inference to estimate them . in the last few years , the emergence of low - cost depth - sensing cameras has strengthened the research on this ←
→ two - stage synthesis networks for transfer learning in machine comprehension ; we develop a technique for transfer learning in machine comprehension ( mc ) using a novel two - stage synthesis network ( synnet ). given a high - performing mc model in one domain , our technique aims to answer questions about documents in another domain , where we use no labeled data of question - answer pairs . using the proposed synnet with a pretrained model from the squad dataset on the challenging newsqa dataset , we achieve an f1 mea ←
→ computer simulation based parameter selection for resistance exercise ; in contrast to most scientific disciplines , sports science research has been characterized by comparatively little effort investment in the development of relevant phenomenological models . scarcer yet is the application of said models in practice . we present a framework which allows resistance training practitioners to employ a recently proposed neuromuscular model in actual training program design . the first novelty concerns the monito ←
→ maximum margin output coding ; in this paper we study output coding for multi - label prediction . for a multi - label output coding to be discriminative , it is important that codewords for different label vectors are significantly different from each other . in the meantime , unlike in traditional coding theory , codewords in output coding are to be predicted from the input , so it is also critical to have a predictable label encoding . to find output codes that are both discriminative and predictable , we first pr ←
→ towards geo - distributed machine learning ; latency to end - users and regulatory requirements push large companies to build data centers all around the world . the resulting data is " born " geographically distributed . on the other hand , many machine learning applications require a global view of such data in order to achieve the best results . these types of applications form a new class of learning problems , which we call geo - distributed machine learning ( gdml ). such applications need to cope with : 1 ) scarce an ←
→ hard mixtures of experts for large scale weakly supervised vision ; training convolutional networks ( cnn ' s ) that fit on a single gpu with minibatch stochastic gradient descent has become effective in practice . however , there is still no effective method for training large cnn ' s that do not fit in the memory of a few gpu cards , or for parallelizing cnn training . in this work we show that a simple hard mixture of experts model can be efficiently trained to good effect on large scale hashtag ( multilabel ) predi ←
→ statistical inference using sgd ; we present a novel method for frequentist statistical inference in $ m $- estimation problems , based on stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) with a fixed step size : we demonstrate that the average of such sgd sequences can be used for statistical inference , after proper scaling . an intuitive analysis using the ornstein - uhlenbeck process suggests that such averages are asymptotically normal . from a practical perspective , our sgd - based inference procedure is a first order method , a ←
→ is a good offensive always the best defense ? ; a checkers - like model game with a simplified set of rules is studied through extensive simulations of agents with different expertise and strategies . the introduction of complementary strategies , in a quite general way , provides a tool to mimic the basic ingredients of a wide scope of real games . we find that only for the player having the higher offensive expertise ( the dominant player ), maximizing the offensive always increases the probability to win . for th ←
→ universal denoising networks : a novel cnn - based network architecture for image denoising ; we design a novel network architecture for learning discriminative image models that are employed to efficiently tackle the problem of grayscale and color image denoising . based on the proposed architecture , we introduce two different variants . the first network involves convolutional layers as a core component , while the second one relies instead on non - local filtering layers and thus it is able to exploit the inh ←
→ robot dream ; in this position paper we present a novel approach to neurobiologically plausible implementation of emotional reactions and behaviors for real - time autonomous robotic systems . the working metaphor we use is the " day " and " night " phases of mammalian life . during the " day " phase a robotic system stores the inbound information and is controlled by a light - weight rule - based system in real time . in contrast to that , during the " night " phase the stored information is been transferred to the supercom ←
→ convergence of stochastic gradient descent for pca ; we consider the problem of principal component analysis ( pca ) in a streaming stochastic setting , where our goal is to find a direction of approximate maximal variance , based on a stream of i . i . d . data points in $\ reals ^ d $. a simple and computationally cheap algorithm for this is stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ), which incrementally updates its estimate based on each new data point . however , due to the non - convex nature of the problem , analyzing its perfo ←
→ neural program search : solving programming tasks from description and examples ; we present a neural program search , an algorithm to generate programs from natural language description and a small number of input / output examples . the algorithm combines methods from deep learning and program synthesis fields by designing rich domain - specific language ( dsl ) and defining efficient search algorithm guided by a seq2tree model on it . to evaluate the quality of the approach we also present a semi - synthetic datas ←
→ mvg mechanism : differential privacy under matrix - valued query ; differential privacy mechanism design has traditionally been tailored for a scalar - valued query function . although many mechanisms such as the laplace and gaussian mechanisms can be extended to a matrix - valued query function by adding i . i . d . noise to each element of the matrix , this method is often suboptimal as it forfeits an opportunity to exploit the structural characteristics typically associated with matrix analysis . to address this challe ←
→ machine learning for the geosciences : challenges and opportunities ; geosciences is a field of great societal relevance that requires solutions to several urgent problems facing our humanity and the planet . as geosciences enters the era of big data , machine learning ( ml ) -- that has been widely successful in commercial domains -- offers immense potential to contribute to problems in geosciences . however , problems in geosciences have several unique challenges that are seldom found in traditional applications ←
→ projective simulation with generalization ; the ability to generalize is an important feature of any intelligent agent . not only because it may allow the agent to cope with large amounts of data , but also because in some environments , an agent with no generalization capabilities cannot learn . in this work we outline several criteria for generalization , and present a dynamic and autonomous machinery that enables projective simulation agents to meaningfully generalize . projective simulation , a novel , physical ←
→ metastatic liver tumour segmentation from discriminant grassmannian manifolds ; the early detection , diagnosis and monitoring of liver cancer progression can be achieved with the precise delineation of metastatic tumours . however , accurate automated segmentation remains challenging due to the presence of noise , inhomogeneity and the high appearance variability of malignant tissue . in this paper , we propose an unsupervised metastatic liver tumour segmentation framework using a machine learning approach bas ←
→ fast collaborative filtering from implicit feedback with provable guarantees ; building recommendation algorithms is one of the most challenging tasks in machine learning . although most of the recommendation systems are built on explicit feedback available from the users in terms of rating or text , a majority of the applications do not receive such feedback . here we consider the recommendation task where the only available data is the records of user - item interaction over web applications over time , in te ←
→ non - backtracking spectrum of degree - corrected stochastic block models ; motivated by community detection , we characterise the spectrum of the non - backtracking matrix $ b $ in the degree - corrected stochastic block model . specifically , we consider a random graph on $ n $ vertices partitioned into two equal - sized clusters . the vertices have i . i . d . weights $\{ \ phi_u \} _ { u = 1 }^ n $ with second moment $\ phi ^{( 2 )}$. the intra - cluster connection probability for vertices $ u $ and $ v $ is $\ frac {\ phi_u \ phi_v }{ n } a $ and the ←
→ exploration of the dendritic cell algorithm using the duration calculus ; as one of the newest members in artificial immune systems ( ais ), the dendritic cell algorithm ( dca ) has been applied to a range of problems . these applications mainly belong to the field of anomaly detection . however , real - time detection , a new challenge to anomaly detection , requires improvement on the real - time capability of the dca . to assess such capability , formal methods in the research of rea - time systems can be employed . the f ←
→ ontowind : an improved and extended wind energy ontology ; ontologies are critical sources of semantic information for many application domains . hence , there are ontologies proposed and utilized for domains such as medicine , chemical engineering , and electrical energy . in this paper , we present an improved and extended version of a wind energy ontology previously proposed . first , the ontology is restructured to increase its understandability and coverage . secondly , it is enriched with new concepts , crisp / fuz ←
→ adaptive neural networks for efficient inference ; we present an approach to adaptively utilize deep neural networks in order to reduce the evaluation time on new examples without loss of accuracy . rather than attempting to redesign or approximate existing networks , we propose two schemes that adaptively utilize networks . we first pose an adaptive network evaluation scheme , where we learn a system to adaptively choose the components of a deep network to be evaluated for each example . by allowing examples co ←
→ machine learning for drug overdose surveillance ; we describe two recently proposed machine learning approaches for discovering emerging trends in fatal accidental drug overdoses . the gaussian process subset scan enables early detection of emerging patterns in spatio - temporal data , accounting for both the non - iid nature of the data and the fact that detecting subtle patterns requires integration of information across multiple spatial areas and multiple time steps . we apply this approach to 17 years of count ←
→ dense optical flow prediction from a static image ; given a scene , what is going to move , and in what direction will it move ? such a question could be considered a non - semantic form of action prediction . in this work , we present a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based approach for motion prediction . given a static image , this cnn predicts the future motion of each and every pixel in the image in terms of optical flow . our cnn model leverages the data in tens of thousands of realistic videos to train our ←
→ bayesian map model selection of chain event graphs ; the class of chain event graph models is a generalisation of the class of discrete bayesian networks , retaining most of the structural advantages of the bayesian network for model interrogation , propagation and learning , while more naturally encoding asymmetric state spaces and the order in which events happen . in this paper we demonstrate how with complete sampling , conjugate closed form model selection based on product dirichlet priors is possible , and ←
→ semantic scene completion combining colour and depth : preliminary experiments ; semantic scene completion is the task of producing a complete 3d voxel representation of volumetric occupancy with semantic labels for a scene from a single - view observation . we built upon the recent work of song et al . ( cvpr 2017 ), who proposed sscnet , a method that performs scene completion and semantic labelling in a single end - to - end 3d convolutional network . sscnet uses only depth maps as input , even though depth maps are ←
→ not all neural embeddings are born equal ; neural language models learn word representations that capture rich linguistic and conceptual information . here we investigate the embeddings learned by neural machine translation models . we show that translation - based embeddings outperform those learned by cutting - edge monolingual models at single - language tasks requiring knowledge of conceptual similarity and / or syntactic role . the findings suggest that , while monolingual models learn information about how concep ←
→ shapefit and shapekick for robust , scalable structure from motion ; we introduce a new method for location recovery from pair - wise directions that leverages an efficient convex program that comes with exact recovery guarantees , even in the presence of adversarial outliers . when pairwise directions represent scaled relative positions between pairs of views ( estimated for instance with epipolar geometry ) our method can be used for location recovery , that is the determination of relative pose up to a single un ←
→ adaptive policies for sequential sampling under incomplete information and a cost constraint ; we consider the problem of sequential sampling from a finite number of independent statistical populations to maximize the expected infinite horizon average outcome per period , under a constraint that the expected average sampling cost does not exceed an upper bound . the outcome distributions are not known . we construct a class of consistent adaptive policies , under which the average outcome converges with proba ←
→ efficient modeling of latent information in supervised learning using gaussian processes ; often in machine learning , data are collected as a combination of multiple conditions , e . g ., the voice recordings of multiple persons , each labeled with an id . how could we build a model that captures the latent information related to these conditions and generalize to a new one with few data ? we present a new model called latent variable multiple output gaussian processes ( lvmogp ) and that allows to jointly model m ←
→ fine - graind image classification via combining vision and language ; fine - grained image classification is a challenging task due to the large intra - class variance and small inter - class variance , aiming at recognizing hundreds of sub - categories belonging to the same basic - level category . most existing fine - grained image classification methods generally learn part detection models to obtain the semantic parts for better classification accuracy . despite achieving promising results , these methods mainly have tw ←
→ generic black - box end - to - end attack against state of the art api call based malware classifiers ; in this paper , we present a black - box attack against api call based machine learning malware classifiers , focusing on generating adversarial sequences combining api calls and static features ( e . g ., printable strings ) that will be misclassified by the classifier without affecting the malware functionality . we show that this attack is effective against many classifiers due to the transferability principle betwe ←
→ fast dictionary matching for content - based image retrieval ; this paper describes a method for searching for common sets of descriptors between collections of images . the presented method operates on local interest keypoints , which are generated using the surf algorithm . the use of a dictionary of descriptors allowed achieving good performance of the content - based image retrieval . the method can be used to initially determine a set of similar pairs of keypoints between images . for this purpose , we use a cer ←
→ password based a generalize robust security system design using neural network ; among the various means of available resource protection including biometrics , password based system is most simple , user friendly , cost effective and commonly used . but this method having high sensitivity with attacks . most of the advanced methods for authentication based on password encrypt the contents of password before storing or transmitting in physical domain . but all conventional cryptographic based encryption methods ←
→ rule - and dictionary - based solution for variations in written arabic names in social networks , big data , accounting systems and large databases ; this paper investigates the problem that some arabic names can be written in multiple ways . when someone searches for only one form of a name , neither exact nor approximate matching is appropriate for returning the multiple variants of the name . exact matching requires the user to enter all forms of the name for the search , and approximate matching yields names n ←
→ hybrid eye center localization using cascaded regression and hand - crafted model fitting ; we propose a new cascaded regressor for eye center detection . previous methods start from a face or an eye detector and use either advanced features or powerful regressors for eye center localization , but not both . instead , we detect the eyes more accurately using an existing facial feature alignment method . we improve the robustness of localization by using both advanced features and powerful regression machinery . u ←
→ fast robust monocular depth estimation for obstacle detection with fully convolutional networks ; obstacle detection is a central problem for any robotic system , and critical for autonomous systems that travel at high speeds in unpredictable environment . this is often achieved through scene depth estimation , by various means . when fast motion is considered , the detection range must be longer enough to allow for safe avoidance and path planning . current solutions often make assumption on the motion of the ←
→ a hilbert scheme in computer vision ; multiview geometry is the study of two - dimensional images of three - dimensional scenes , a foundational subject in computer vision . we determine a universal groebner basis for the multiview ideal of n generic cameras . as the cameras move , the multiview varieties vary in a family of dimension 11n - 15 . this family is the distinguished component of a multigraded hilbert scheme with a unique borel - fixed point . we present a combinatorial study of ideals lying on that hilbert sc ←
→ detecting interrogative utterances with recurrent neural networks ; in this paper , we explore different neural network architectures that can predict if a speaker of a given utterance is asking a question or making a statement . we com - pare the outcomes of regularization methods that are popularly used to train deep neural networks and study how different context functions can affect the classification performance . we also compare the efficacy of gated activation functions that are favorably used in recurre ←
→ a new bayesian ensemble of trees classifier for identifying multi - class labels in satellite images ; classification of satellite images is a key component of many remote sensing applications . one of the most important products of a raw satellite image is the classified map which labels the image pixels into meaningful classes . though several parametric and non - parametric classifiers have been developed thus far , accurate labeling of the pixels still remains a challenge . in this paper , we propose a new rel ←
→ computer vision approach for low cost , high precision measurement of grapevine trunk diameter in outdoor conditions ; trunk diameter is a variable of agricultural interest , used mainly in the prediction of fruit trees production . it is correlated with leaf area and biomass of trees , and consequently gives a good estimate of the potential production of the plants . this work presents a low cost , high precision method for the measurement of trunk diameter of grapevines based on computer vision techniques . se ←
→ deconvolution and restoration of optical endomicroscopy images ; optical endomicroscopy ( oem ) is an emerging technology platform with preclinical and clinical imaging utility . pulmonary oem via multicore fibres has the potential to provide in vivo in situ molecular signatures of disease such as infection and inflammation . however , enhancing the quality of data acquired by this technique for better visualization and subsequent analysis remains a challenging problem . cross coupling between fiber cores is one ←
→ three generalizations of the focus constraint ; the focus constraint expresses the notion that solutions are concentrated . in practice , this constraint suffers from the rigidity of its semantics . to tackle this issue , we propose three generalizations of the focus constraint . we provide for each one a complete filtering algorithm as well as discussing decompositions .←
→ location dependent dirichlet processes ; dirichlet processes ( dp ) are widely applied in bayesian nonparametric modeling . however , in their basic form they do not directly integrate dependency information among data arising from space and time . in this paper , we propose location dependent dirichlet processes ( lddp ) which incorporate nonparametric gaussian processes in the dp modeling framework to model such dependencies . we develop the lddp in the context of mixture modeling , and develop a mean field variati ←
→ simulating brain reaction to methamphetamine regarding consumer personality ; addiction , as a nervous disease , can be analysed using mathematical modelling and computer simulations . in this paper , we use an existing mathematical model to predict and simulate human brain response to the consumption of a single dose of methamphetamine . the model is implemented and coded in matlab . three types of personalities including introverts , ambiverts and extroverts are studied . the parameters of the mathematical mode ←
→ the power of arc consistency for csps defined by partially - ordered forbidden patterns ; characterising tractable fragments of the constraint satisfaction problem ( csp ) is an important challenge in theoretical computer science and artificial intelligence . forbidding patterns ( generic sub - instances ) provides a means of defining csp fragments which are neither exclusively language - based nor exclusively structure - based . it is known that the class of binary csp instances in which the broken - triangle pattern ( b ←
→" going back to our roots ": second generation biocomputing ; researchers in the field of biocomputing have , for many years , successfully " harvested and exploited " the natural world for inspiration in developing systems that are robust , adaptable and capable of generating novel and even " creative " solutions to human - defined problems . however , in this position paper we argue that the time has now come for a reassessment of how we exploit biology to generate new computational systems . previous solutions ( the " f ←
→ a deductive account of quantification in lfg ; the relationship between lexical - functional grammar ( lfg ) functional structures ( f - structures ) for sentences and their semantic interpretations can be expressed directly in a fragment of linear logic in a way that explains correctly the constrained interactions between quantifier scope ambiguity and bound anaphora . the use of a deductive framework to account for the compositional properties of quantifying expressions in natural language obviates the need for ad ←
→ relaxed wasserstein with applications to gans ; we propose a novel class of statistical divergences called \ textit { relaxed wasserstein } ( rw ) divergence . rw divergence generalizes wasserstein distance and is parametrized by strictly convex , differentiable functions . we establish for rw several key probabilistic properties , which are critical for the success of wasserstein distances . in particular , we show that rw is dominated by total variation ( tv ) and wasserstein -$ l ^ 2 $ distance , and establish continuity , d ←
→ web image annotation by diffusion maps manifold learning algorithm ; automatic image annotation is one of the most challenging problems in machine vision areas . the goal of this task is to predict number of keywords automatically for images captured in real data . many methods are based on visual features in order to calculate similarities between image samples . but the computation cost of these approaches is very high . these methods require many training samples to be stored in memory . to lessen this burden ←
→ multi product inventory optimization using uniform crossover genetic algorithm ; inventory management is considered to be an important field in supply chain management because the cost of inventories in a supply chain accounts for about 30 percent of the value of the product . the service provided to the customer eventually gets enhanced once the efficient and effective management of inventory is carried out all through the supply chain . the precise estimation of optimal inventory is essential since shorta ←
→ watsonsim : overview of a question answering engine ; the objective of the project is to design and run a system similar to watson , designed to answer jeopardy questions . in the course of a semester , we developed an open source question answering system using the indri , lucene , bing and google search engines , apache uima , open - and corenlp , and weka among additional modules . by the end of the semester , we achieved 18 % accuracy on jeopardy questions , and work has not stopped since then .←
→ measuring human - perceived similarity in heterogeneous collections ; we present a technique for estimating the similarity between objects such as movies or foods whose proper representation depends on human perception . our technique combines a modest number of human similarity assessments to infer a pairwise similarity function between the objects . this similarity function captures some human notion of similarity which may be difficult or impossible to automatically extract , such as which movie from a collec ←
→ toward a formal model of the shifting relationship between concepts and contexts during associative thought ; the quantum inspired state context property ( scop ) theory of concepts is unique amongst theories of concepts in offering a means of incorporating that for each concept in each different context there are an unlimited number of exemplars , or states , of varying degrees of typicality . working with data from a study in which participants were asked to rate the typicality of exemplars of a concept for ←
→ adversarial attribute - image person re - identification ; while attributes have been widely used for person re - identification ( re - id ) that matches the same person images across disjoint camera views , they are used either as extra features or for performing multi - task learning to assist the image - image person matching task . however , how to find a set of person images according to a given attribute description , which is very practical in many surveillance applications , remains a rarely investigated cross - modal m ←
→ fast shadow detection from a single image using a patched convolutional neural network ; in recent years , various shadow detection methods from a single image have been proposed and used in vision systems ; however , most of them are not appropriate for the robotic applications due to the expensive time complexity . this paper introduces a fast shadow detection method using a deep learning framework , with a time cost that is appropriate for robotic applications . in our solution , we first obtain a shadow prio ←
→ robust subspace clustering via thresholding ; the problem of clustering noisy and incompletely observed high - dimensional data points into a union of low - dimensional subspaces and a set of outliers is considered . the number of subspaces , their dimensions , and their orientations are assumed unknown . we propose a simple low - complexity subspace clustering algorithm , which applies spectral clustering to an adjacency matrix obtained by thresholding the correlations between data points . in other words , the adjacen ←
→ an overview and comparative analysis of recurrent neural networks for short term load forecasting ; the key component in forecasting demand and consumption of resources in a supply network is an accurate prediction of real - valued time series . indeed , both service interruptions and resource waste can be reduced with the implementation of an effective forecasting system . significant research has thus been devoted to the design and development of methodologies for short term load forecasting over the past de ←
→ encoding monotonic multi - set preferences using ci - nets : preliminary report ; cp - nets and their variants constitute one of the main ai approaches for specifying and reasoning about preferences . ci - nets , in particular , are a cp - inspired formalism for representing ordinal preferences over sets of goods , which are typically required to be monotonic . considering also that goods often come in multi - sets rather than sets , a natural question is whether ci - nets can be used more or less directly to encode prefere ←
→ large - scale object discovery and detector adaptation from unlabeled video ; we explore object discovery and detector adaptation based on unlabeled video sequences captured from a mobile platform . we propose a fully automatic approach for object mining from video which builds upon a generic object tracking approach . by applying this method to three large video datasets from autonomous driving and mobile robotics scenarios , we demonstrate its robustness and generality . based on the object mining results , we ←
→ background subtraction based on local shape ; we present a novel approach to background subtraction that is based on the local shape of small image regions . in our approach , an image region centered on a pixel is mod - eled using the local self - similarity descriptor . we aim at obtaining a reliable change detection based on local shape change in an image when foreground objects are moving . the method first builds a background model and compares the local self - similarities between the background model and the s ←
→ switching portfolios ; a constant rebalanced portfolio is an asset allocation algorithm which keeps the same distribution of wealth among a set of assets along a period of time . recently , there has been work on on - line portfolio selection algorithms which are competitive with the best constant rebalanced portfolio determined in hindsight . by their nature , these algorithms employ the assumption that high returns can be achieved using a fixed asset allocation strategy . however , stock markets are far from bein ←
→ theoretical evaluation of feature selection methods based on mutual information ; feature selection methods are usually evaluated by wrapping specific classifiers and datasets in the evaluation process , resulting very often in unfair comparisons between methods . in this work , we develop a theoretical framework that allows obtaining the true feature ordering of two - dimensional sequential forward feature selection methods based on mutual information , which is independent of entropy or mutual information est ←
→ quasi - newton methods : a new direction ; four decades after their invention , quasi - newton methods are still state of the art in unconstrained numerical optimization . although not usually interpreted thus , these are learning algorithms that fit a local quadratic approximation to the objective function . we show that many , including the most popular , quasi - newton methods can be interpreted as approximations of bayesian linear regression under varying prior assumptions . this new notion elucidates some shortcomin ←
→ a chr - based implementation of known arc - consistency ; in classical clp ( fd ) systems , domains of variables are completely known at the beginning of the constraint propagation process . however , in systems interacting with an external environment , acquiring the whole domains of variables before the beginning of constraint propagation may cause waste of computation time , or even obsolescence of the acquired data at the time of use . for such cases , the interactive constraint satisfaction problem ( icsp ) model ha ←
→ visual tracking by reinforced decision making ; one of the major challenges of model - free visual tracking problem has been the difficulty originating from the unpredictable and drastic changes in the appearance of objects we target to track . existing methods tackle this problem by updating the appearance model on - line in order to adapt to the changes in the appearance . despite the success of these methods however , inaccurate and erroneous updates of the appearance model result in a tracker drift . in this pa ←
→ event representations for automated story generation with deep neural nets ; automated story generation is the problem of automatically selecting a sequence of events , actions , or words that can be told as a story . we seek to develop a system that can generate stories by learning everything it needs to know from textual story corpora . to date , recurrent neural networks that learn language models at character , word , or sentence levels have had little success generating coherent stories . we explore the ques ←
→ unsupervised domain adaptation by backpropagation ; top - performing deep architectures are trained on massive amounts of labeled data . in the absence of labeled data for a certain task , domain adaptation often provides an attractive option given that labeled data of similar nature but from a different domain ( e . g . synthetic images ) are available . here , we propose a new approach to domain adaptation in deep architectures that can be trained on large amount of labeled data from the source domain and large amou ←
→ proceedings wivace 2013 - italian workshop on artificial life and evolutionary computation ; the wivace 2013 electronic proceedings in theoretical computer science ( eptcs ) contain some selected long and short articles accepted for the presentation at wivace 2013 - italian workshop on artificial life and evolutionary computation , which was held at the university of milan - bicocca , milan , on the 1st and 2nd of july , 2013 .←
→ geomir2k9 - a similar scene finder ; the main goal of the geomir2k9 project is to create a software program that is able to find similar scenic images clustered by geographical location and sorted by similarity based only on their visual content . the user should be able to input a query image , based on this given query image the program should find relevant visual content and present this to the user in a meaningful way . technically the goal for the geomir2k9 project is twofold . the first of these two goals ←
→ an improved residual lstm architecture for acoustic modeling ; long short - term memory ( lstm ) is the primary recurrent neural networks architecture for acoustic modeling in automatic speech recognition systems . residual learning is an efficient method to help neural networks converge easier and faster . in this paper , we propose several types of residual lstm methods for our acoustic modeling . our experiments indicate that , compared with classic lstm , our architecture shows more than 8 % relative reduction in ←
→ objective evaluation metrics for automatic classification of eeg events ; the evaluation of machine learning algorithms in biomedical fields for applications involving sequential data lacks standardization . common quantitative scalar evaluation metrics such as sensitivity and specificity can often be misleading depending on the requirements of the application . evaluation metrics must ultimately reflect the needs of users yet be sufficiently sensitive to guide algorithm development . feedback from critical ca ←
→ similarity networks for the construction of multiple - faults belief networks ; a similarity network is a tool for constructing belief networks for the diagnosis of a single fault . in this paper , we examine modifications to the similarity - network representation that facilitate the construction of belief networks for the diagnosis of multiple coexisting faults .←
→ false - friend detection and entity matching via unsupervised transliteration ; transliterations play an important role in multilingual entity reference resolution , because proper names increasingly travel between languages in news and social media . previous work associated with machine translation targets transliteration only single between language pairs , focuses on specific classes of entities ( such as cities and celebrities ) and relies on manual curation , which limits the expression power of translitera ←
→ improved gq - cnn : deep learning model for planning robust grasps ; recent developments in the field of robot grasping have shown great improvements in the grasp success rates when dealing with unknown objects . in this work we improve on one of the most promising approaches , the grasp quality convolutional neural network ( gq - cnn ) trained on the dexnet 2 . 0 dataset . we propose a new architecture for the gq - cnn and describe practical improvements that increase the model validation accuracy from 92 . 2 % to 95 . 8 % an ←
→ the best templates match technique for example based machine translation ; it has been proved that large scale realistic knowledge based machine translation applications require acquisition of huge knowledge about language and about the world . this knowledge is encoded in computational grammars , lexicons and domain models . another approach which avoids the need for collecting and analyzing massive knowledge , is the example based approach , which is the topic of this paper . we show through the paper that usin ←
→ extending automatic discourse segmentation for texts in spanish to catalan ; at present , automatic discourse analysis is a relevant research topic in the field of nlp . however , discourse is one of the phenomena most difficult to process . although discourse parsers have been already developed for several languages , this tool does not exist for catalan . in order to implement this kind of parser , the first step is to develop a discourse segmenter . in this article we present the first discourse segmenter for ←
→ axiomatic properties of inconsistency indices for pairwise comparisons ; pairwise comparisons are a well - known method for the representation of the subjective preferences of a decision maker . evaluating their inconsistency has been a widely studied and discussed topic and several indices have been proposed in the literature to perform this task . since an acceptable level of consistency is closely related with the reliability of preferences , a suitable choice of an inconsistency index is a crucial phase in d ←
→ regret analysis of the anytime optimally confident ucb algorithm ; i introduce and analyse an anytime version of the optimally confident ucb ( ocucb ) algorithm designed for minimising the cumulative regret in finite - armed stochastic bandits with subgaussian noise . the new algorithm is simple , intuitive ( in hindsight ) and comes with the strongest finite - time regret guarantees for a horizon - free algorithm so far . i also show a finite - time lower bound that nearly matches the upper bound .←
→ deep learning for surface material classification using haptic and visual information ; when a user scratches a hand - held rigid tool across an object surface , an acceleration signal can be captured , which carries relevant information about the surface . more importantly , such a haptic signal is complementary to the visual appearance of the surface , which suggests the combination of both modalities for the recognition of the surface material . in this paper , we present a novel deep learning method dealing wi ←
→ extraction of salient sentences from labelled documents ; we present a hierarchical convolutional document model with an architecture designed to support introspection of the document structure . using this model , we show how to use visualisation techniques from the computer vision literature to identify and extract topic - relevant sentences . we also introduce a new scalable evaluation technique for automatic sentence extraction systems that avoids the need for time consuming human annotation of validation ←
→ translation of telugu - marathi and vice - versa using rule based machine translation ; in todays digital world automated machine translation of one language to another has covered a long way to achieve different kinds of success stories . whereas babel fish supports a good number of foreign languages and only hindi from indian languages , the google translator takes care of about 10 indian languages . though most of the automated machine translation systems are doing well but handling indian languages needs a m ←
→ autoextend : extending word embeddings to embeddings for synsets and lexemes ; we present \ textit { autoextend }, a system to learn embeddings for synsets and lexemes . it is flexible in that it can take any word embeddings as input and does not need an additional training corpus . the synset / lexeme embeddings obtained live in the same vector space as the word embeddings . a sparse tensor formalization guarantees efficiency and parallelizability . we use wordnet as a lexical resource , but autoextend can be easily ←
→ image enhancement with statistical estimation ; contrast enhancement is an important area of research for the image analysis . over the decade , the researcher worked on this domain to develop an efficient and adequate algorithm . the proposed method will enhance the contrast of image using binarization method with the help of maximum likelihood estimation ( mle ). the paper aims to enhance the image contrast of bimodal and multi - modal images . the proposed methodology use to collect mathematical information retr ←
→ a knowledge discovery framework for learning task models from user interactions in intelligent tutoring systems ; domain experts should provide relevant domain knowledge to an intelligent tutoring system ( its ) so that it can guide a learner during problemsolving learning activities . however , for many ill - defined domains , the domain knowledge is hard to define explicitly . in previous works , we showed how sequential pattern mining can be used to extract a partial problem space from logged user interactions ,←
→ a comparison of first - order algorithms for machine learning ; using an optimization algorithm to solve a machine learning problem is one of mainstreams in the field of science . in this work , we demonstrate a comprehensive comparison of some state - of - the - art first - order optimization algorithms for convex optimization problems in machine learning . we concentrate on several smooth and non - smooth machine learning problems with a loss function plus a regularizer . the overall experimental results show the superio ←
→ unstructured human activity detection from rgbd images ; being able to detect and recognize human activities is essential for several applications , including personal assistive robotics . in this paper , we perform detection and recognition of unstructured human activity in unstructured environments . we use a rgbd sensor ( microsoft kinect ) as the input sensor , and compute a set of features based on human pose and motion , as well as based on image and pointcloud information . our algorithm is based on a hierarc ←
→ sharing network parameters for crosslingual named entity recognition ; most state of the art approaches for named entity recognition rely on hand crafted features and annotated corpora . recently neural network based models have been proposed which do not require handcrafted features but still require annotated corpora . however , such annotated corpora may not be available for many languages . in this paper , we propose a neural network based model which allows sharing the decoder as well as word and character ←
→ incremental learning for fully unsupervised word segmentation using penalized likelihood and model selection ; we present a novel incremental learning approach for unsupervised word segmentation that combines features from probabilistic modeling and model selection . this includes super - additive penalties for addressing the cognitive burden imposed by long word formation , and new model selection criteria based on higher - order generative assumptions . our approach is fully unsupervised ; it relies on a small ←
→ pagenet : page boundary extraction in historical handwritten documents ; when digitizing a document into an image , it is common to include a surrounding border region to visually indicate that the entire document is present in the image . however , this border should be removed prior to automated processing . in this work , we present a deep learning based system , pagenet , which identifies the main page region in an image in order to segment content from both textual and non - textual border noise . in pagenet , a f ←
→ photon counting compressive depth mapping ; we demonstrate a compressed sensing , photon counting lidar system based on the single - pixel camera . our technique recovers both depth and intensity maps from a single under - sampled set of incoherent , linear projections of a scene of interest at ultra - low light levels around 0 . 5 picowatts . only two - dimensional reconstructions are required to image a three - dimensional scene . we demonstrate intensity imaging and depth mapping at 256 x 256 pixel transverse resolution ←
→ memetic algorithms : parametrization and balancing local and global search ; this is a preprint of a book chapter from the handbook of memetic algorithms , studies in computational intelligence , vol . 379 , isbn 978 - 3 - 642 - 23246 - 6 , springer , edited by f . neri , c . cotta , and p . moscato . it is devoted to the parametrization of memetic algorithms and how to find a good balance between global and local search .←
→ computer - aided knee joint magnetic resonance image segmentation - a survey ; osteoarthritis ( oa ) is one of the major health issues among the elderly population . mri is the most popular technology to observe and evaluate the progress of oa course . however , the extreme labor cost of mri analysis makes the process inefficient and expensive . also , due to human error and subjective nature , the inter - and intra - observer variability is rather high . computer - aided knee mri segmentation is currently an active rese ←
→ a formal calculus for international relations computation and evaluation ; this publication presents a relation computation or calculus for international relations using a mathematical modeling . it examined trust for international relations and its calculus , which related to bayesian inference , dempster - shafer theory and subjective logic . based on an observation in the literature , we found no literature discussing the calculus method for the international relations . to bridge this research gap , we propose a ←
→ leveraging sparse and dense feature combinations for sentiment classification ; neural networks are one of the most popular approaches for many natural language processing tasks such as sentiment analysis . they often outperform traditional machine learning models and achieve the state - of - art results on most tasks . however , many existing deep learning models are complex , difficult to train and provide a limited improvement over simpler methods . we propose a simple , robust and powerful model for sentiment c ←
→ universalities of reproducing kernels revisited ; kernel methods have been widely applied to machine learning and other questions of approximating an unknown function from its finite sample data . to ensure arbitrary accuracy of such approximation , various denseness conditions are imposed on the selected kernel . this note contributes to the study of universal , characteristic , and $ c_0 $- universal kernels . we first give simple and direct description of the difference and relation among these three kinds of uni ←
→ convergence analysis of backpropagation algorithm for designing an intelligent system for sensing manhole gases ; human fatalities are reported due to the excessive proportional presence of hazardous gas components in the manhole , such as hydrogen sulfide , ammonia , methane , carbon dioxide , nitrogen oxide , carbon monoxide , etc . hence , predetermination of these gases is imperative . a neural network ( nn ) based intelligent sensory system is proposed for the avoidance of such fatalities . backpropagation ( bp ) w ←
→ deep counterfactual networks with propensity - dropout ; we propose a novel approach for inferring the individualized causal effects of a treatment ( intervention ) from observational data . our approach conceptualizes causal inference as a multitask learning problem ; we model a subject ' s potential outcomes using a deep multitask network with a set of shared layers among the factual and counterfactual outcomes , and a set of outcome - specific layers . the impact of selection bias in the observational data is allevi ←
→ a semi - automatic graph - based approach for determining the boundary of eloquent fiber bundles in the human brain ; diffusion tensor imaging ( dti ) allows estimating the position , orientation and dimension of bundles of nerve pathways . this non - invasive imaging technique takes advantage of the diffusion of water molecules and determines the diffusion coefficients for every voxel of the data set . the identification of the diffusion coefficients and the derivation of information about fiber bundles is of major ←
→ convolutional neural pyramid for image processing ; we propose a principled convolutional neural pyramid ( cnp ) framework for general low - level vision and image processing tasks . it is based on the essential finding that many applications require large receptive fields for structure understanding . but corresponding neural networks for regression either stack many layers or apply large kernels to achieve it , which is computationally very costly . our pyramid structure can greatly enlarge the field while not sa ←
→ computer - aided diagnosis of lung carcinoma using deep learning - a pilot study ; aim : early detection and correct diagnosis of lung cancer are the most important steps in improving patient outcome . this study aims to assess which deep learning models perform best in lung cancer diagnosis . methods : non - small cell lung carcinoma and small cell lung carcinoma biopsy specimens were consecutively obtained and stained . the specimen slides were diagnosed by two experienced pathologists ( over 20 years ). several d ←
→ piecewise convexity of artificial neural networks ; although artificial neural networks have shown great promise in applications including computer vision and speech recognition , there remains considerable practical and theoretical difficulty in optimizing their parameters . the seemingly unreasonable success of gradient descent methods in minimizing these non - convex functions remains poorly understood . in this work we offer some theoretical guarantees for networks with piecewise affine activation functions ,←
→ mean deviation similarity index : efficient and reliable full - reference image quality evaluator ; applications of perceptual image quality assessment ( iqa ) in image and video processing , such as image acquisition , image compression , image restoration and multimedia communication , have led to the development of many iqa metrics . in this paper , a reliable full reference iqa model is proposed that utilize gradient similarity ( gs ), chromaticity similarity ( cs ), and deviation pooling ( dp ). by considering the sh ←
→ gradient boundary histograms for action recognition ; this paper introduces a high efficient local spatiotemporal descriptor , called gradient boundary histograms ( gbh ). the proposed gbh descriptor is built on simple spatio - temporal gradients , which are fast to compute . we demonstrate that it can better represent local structure and motion than other gradient - based descriptors , and significantly outperforms them on large realistic datasets . a comprehensive evaluation shows that the recognition accuracy is pr ←
→ what value do explicit high level concepts have in vision to language problems ? ; much of the recent progress in vision - to - language ( v2l ) problems has been achieved through a combination of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) and recurrent neural networks ( rnns ). this approach does not explicitly represent high - level semantic concepts , but rather seeks to progress directly from image features to text . we propose here a method of incorporating high - level concepts into the very successful cnn - rnn approach ,←
→ markov random field model - based salt and pepper noise removal ; problem of impulse noise reduction is a very well studied problem in image processing community and many different approaches have been proposed to tackle this problem . in the current work , the problem of fixed value impulse noise ( salt and pepper ) removal from images is investigated by use of a markov random field ( mrf ) models with smoothness priors . after the formulation of the problem as an inpainting problem , graph cuts with $\ alpha $- expans ←
→ bandits with an edge ; we consider a bandit problem over a graph where the rewards are not directly observed . instead , the decision maker can compare two nodes and receive ( stochastic ) information pertaining to the difference in their value . the graph structure describes the set of possible comparisons . consequently , comparing between two nodes that are relatively far requires estimating the difference between every pair of nodes on the path between them . we analyze this problem from the perspective of samp ←
→ on the needs for rotations in hypercubic quantization hashing ; the aim of this paper is to endow the well - known family of hypercubic quantization hashing methods with theoretical guarantees . in hypercubic quantization , applying a suitable ( random or learned ) rotation after dimensionality reduction has been experimentally shown to improve the results accuracy in the nearest neighbors search problem . we prove in this paper that the use of these rotations is optimal under some mild assumptions : getting optima ←
→ a comparison of dense region detectors for image search and fine - grained classification ; we consider a pipeline for image classification or search based on coding approaches like bag of words or fisher vectors . in this context , the most common approach is to extract the image patches regularly in a dense manner on several scales . this paper proposes and evaluates alternative choices to extract patches densely . beyond simple strategies derived from regular interest region detectors , we propose approaches ←
→ default reasoning over domains and concept hierarchies ; w . c . rounds and g .- q . zhang ( 2001 ) have proposed to study a form of disjunctive logic programming generalized to algebraic domains . this system allows reasoning with information which is hierarchically structured and forms a ( suitable ) domain . we extend this framework to include reasoning with default negation , giving rise to a new nonmonotonic reasoning framework on hierarchical knowledge which encompasses answer set programming with extended disjunc ←
→ algebraic multigrid support vector machines ; the support vector machine is a flexible optimization - based technique widely used for classification problems . in practice , its training part becomes computationally expensive on large - scale data sets because of such reasons as the complexity and number of iterations in parameter fitting methods , underlying optimization solvers , and nonlinearity of kernels . we introduce a fast multilevel framework for solving support vector machine models that is inspired by the ←
→ the complete extensions do not form a complete semilattice ; in his seminal paper that inaugurated abstract argumentation , dung proved that the set of complete extensions forms a complete semilattice with respect to set inclusion . in this note we demonstrate that this proof is incorrect with counterexamples . we then trace the error in the proof and explain why it arose . we then examine the implications for the grounded extension . [ reason for withdrawal continued ] page 4 , example 2 is not a counterexample ←
→ keystroke dynamics as signal for shallow syntactic parsing ; keystroke dynamics have been extensively used in psycholinguistic and writing research to gain insights into cognitive processing . but do keystroke logs contain actual signal that can be used to learn better natural language processing models ? we postulate that keystroke dynamics contain information about syntactic structure that can inform shallow syntactic parsing . to test this hypothesis , we explore labels derived from keystroke logs as auxil ←
→ a class of logistic functions for approximating state - inclusive koopman operators ; an outstanding challenge in nonlinear systems theory is identification or learning of a given nonlinear system ' s koopman operator directly from data or models . advances in extended dynamic mode decomposition approaches and machine learning methods have enabled data - driven discovery of koopman operators , for both continuous and discrete - time systems . since koopman operators are often infinite - dimensional , they are approxima ←
→ passive learning with target risk ; in this paper we consider learning in passive setting but with a slight modification . we assume that the target expected loss , also referred to as target risk , is provided in advance for learner as prior knowledge . unlike most studies in the learning theory that only incorporate the prior knowledge into the generalization bounds , we are able to explicitly utilize the target risk in the learning process . our analysis reveals a surprising result on the sample complexity of ←
→ a novel method for automatic localization of joint area on knee plain radiographs ; osteoarthritis ( oa ) is a common musculoskeletal condition typically diagnosed from radiographic assessment after clinical examination . however , a visual evaluation made by a practitioner suffers from subjectivity and is highly dependent on the experience . computer - aided diagnostics ( cad ) could improve the objectivity of knee radiographic examination . the first essential step of knee oa cad is to automatically localize the ←
→ retraction and generalized extension of computing with words ; fuzzy automata , whose input alphabet is a set of numbers or symbols , are a formal model of computing with values . motivated by zadeh ' s paradigm of computing with words rather than numbers , ying proposed a kind of fuzzy automata , whose input alphabet consists of all fuzzy subsets of a set of symbols , as a formal model of computing with all words . in this paper , we introduce a somewhat general formal model of computing with ( some special ) words . t ←
→ concept modeling with superwords ; in information retrieval , a fundamental goal is to transform a document into concepts that are representative of its content . the term " representative " is in itself challenging to define , and various tasks require different granularities of concepts . in this paper , we aim to model concepts that are sparse over the vocabulary , and that flexibly adapt their content based on other relevant semantic information such as textual structure or associated image features . we explore ←
→ universal convergence of semimeasures on individual random sequences ; solomonoff ' s central result on induction is that the posterior of a universal semimeasure m converges rapidly and with probability 1 to the true sequence generating posterior mu , if the latter is computable . hence , m is eligible as a universal sequence predictor in case of unknown mu . despite some nearby results and proofs in the literature , the stronger result of convergence for all ( martin - loef ) random sequences remained open . such a c ←
→ portable trust : biometric - based authentication and blockchain storage for self - sovereign identity systems ; we devised a mobile biometric - based authentication system only relying on local processing . our android open source solution explores the capability of current smartphones to acquire , process and match fingerprints using only its built - in hardware . our architecture is specifically designed to run completely locally and autonomously , not requiring any cloud service , server , or permissioned access to ←
→ robust subspace clustering via tighter rank approximation ; matrix rank minimization problem is in general np - hard . the nuclear norm is used to substitute the rank function in many recent studies . nevertheless , the nuclear norm approximation adds all singular values together and the approximation error may depend heavily on the magnitudes of singular values . this might restrict its capability in dealing with many practical problems . in this paper , an arctangent function is used as a tighter approximation to ←
→ efficient unimodality test in clustering by signature testing ; this paper provides a new unimodality test with application in hierarchical clustering methods . the proposed method denoted by signature test ( sigtest ), transforms the data based on its statistics . the transformed data has much smaller variation compared to the original data and can be evaluated in a simple proposed unimodality test . compared with the existing unimodality tests , sigtest is more accurate in detecting the overlapped clusters and ←
→ video text localization using wavelet and shearlet transforms ; text in video is useful and important in indexing and retrieving the video documents efficiently and accurately . in this paper , we present a new method of text detection using a combined dictionary consisting of wavelets and a recently introduced transform called shearlets . wavelets provide optimally sparse expansion for point - like structures and shearlets provide optimally sparse expansions for curve - like structures . by combining these two fea ←
→ bidirectional american sign language to english translation ; we outline a bidirectional translation system that converts sentences from american sign language ( asl ) to english , and vice versa . to perform machine translation between asl and english , we utilize a generative approach . specifically , we employ an adjustment to the ibm word - alignment model 1 ( ibm wam1 ), where we define language models for english and asl , as well as a translation model , and attempt to generate a translation that maximizes the po ←
→ how to tackle an extremely hard learning problem : learning causal structures from non - experimental data without the faithfulness assumption or the like ; most methods for learning causal structures from non - experimental data rely on some assumptions of simplicity , the most famous of which is known as the faithfulness condition . without assuming such conditions to begin with , we develop a learning theory for inferring the structure of a causal bayesian network , and we use the theory to provide a novel ju ←
→ user dependent features in online signature verification ; in this paper , we propose a novel approach for verification of on - line signatures based on user dependent feature selection and symbolic representation . unlike other signature verification methods , which work with same features for all users , the proposed approach introduces the concept of user dependent features . it exploits the typicality of each and every user to select different features for different users . initially all possible features are e ←
→ subsampled terahertz data reconstruction based on spatio - temporal dictionary learning ; in this paper , the problem of terahertz pulsed imaging and reconstruction is addressed . it is assumed that an incomplete ( subsampled ) three dimensional thz data set has been acquired and the aim is to recover all missing samples . a sparsity - inducing approach is proposed for this purpose . first , a simple interpolation is applied to incomplete noisy data . then , we propose a spatio - temporal dictionary learning method to o ←
→ modified frank - wolfe algorithm for enhanced sparsity in support vector machine classifiers ; this work proposes a new algorithm for training a re - weighted l2 support vector machine ( svm ), inspired on the re - weighted lasso algorithm of cand \` es et al . and on the equivalence between lasso and svm shown recently by jaggi . in particular , the margin required for each training vector is set independently , defining a new weighted svm model . these weights are selected to be binary , and they are automatically adap ←
→ qualitative decision methods for multi - attribute decision making ; the fundamental problem underlying all multi - criteria decision analysis ( mcda ) problems is that of dominance between any two alternatives : " given two alternatives a and b , each described by a set criteria , is a preferred to b with respect to a set of decision maker ( dm ) preferences over the criteria ?". depending on the application in which mcda is performed , the alternatives may represent strategies and policies for business , potential locat ←
→ surface networks ; we study data - driven representations for three - dimensional triangle meshes , which are one of the prevalent objects used to represent 3d geometry . recent works have developed models that exploit the intrinsic geometry of manifolds and graphs , namely the graph neural networks ( gnns ) and its spectral variants , which learn from the local metric tensor via the laplacian operator . despite offering excellent sample complexity and built - in invariances , intrinsic geometry alone is invariant to i ←
→ geometric dirichlet means algorithm for topic inference ; we propose a geometric algorithm for topic learning and inference that is built on the convex geometry of topics arising from the latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) model and its nonparametric extensions . to this end we study the optimization of a geometric loss function , which is a surrogate to the lda ' s likelihood . our method involves a fast optimization based weighted clustering procedure augmented with geometric corrections , which overcomes the co ←
→ a brief review of nature - inspired algorithms for optimization ; swarm intelligence and bio - inspired algorithms form a hot topic in the developments of new algorithms inspired by nature . these nature - inspired metaheuristic algorithms can be based on swarm intelligence , biological systems , physical and chemical systems . therefore , these algorithms can be called swarm - intelligence - based , bio - inspired , physics - based and chemistry - based , depending on the sources of inspiration . though not all of them are efficie ←
→ b ( eo ) w ( u ) lf : facilitating recurrence analysis on multi - level language ; discourse analysis may seek to characterize not only the overall composition of a given text but also the dynamic patterns within the data . this technical report introduces a data format intended to facilitate multi - level investigations , which we call the by - word long - form or b ( eo ) w ( u ) lf . inspired by the long - form data format required for mixed - effects modeling , b ( eo ) w ( u ) lf structures linguistic data into an expanded matrix encoding any ←
→ dimensionality reduction with missing values imputation ; in this study , we propose a new statical approach for high - dimensionality reduction of heterogenous data that limits the curse of dimensionality and deals with missing values . to handle these latter , we propose to use the random forest imputation ' s method . the main purpose here is to extract useful information and so reducing the search space to facilitate the data exploration process . several illustrative numeric examples , using data coming from pub ←
→ quantified conditional logics are fragments of hol ; a semantic embedding of ( constant domain ) quantified conditional logic in classical higher - order logic is presented .←
→ image labeling by assignment ; we introduce a novel geometric approach to the image labeling problem . abstracting from specific labeling applications , a general objective function is defined on a manifold of stochastic matrices , whose elements assign prior data that are given in any metric space , to observed image measurements . the corresponding riemannian gradient flow entails a set of replicator equations , one for each data point , that are spatially coupled by geometric averaging on the manifold . starting ←
→ exponentially consistent kernel two - sample tests ; given two sets of independent samples from unknown distributions $ p $ and $ q $, a two - sample test decides whether to reject the null hypothesis that $ p = q $. recent attention has focused on kernel two - sample tests as the test statistics are easy to compute , converge fast , and have low bias with their finite sample estimates . however , there still lacks an exact characterization on the asymptotic performance of such tests , and in particular , the rate at which the ←
→ structural correspondence learning for cross - lingual sentiment classification with one - to - many mappings ; structural correspondence learning ( scl ) is an effective method for cross - lingual sentiment classification . this approach uses unlabeled documents along with a word translation oracle to automatically induce task specific , cross - lingual correspondences . it transfers knowledge through identifying important features , i . e ., pivot features . for simplicity , however , it assumes that the word translation ora ←
→ the deterministic part of ipc - 4 : an overview ; we provide an overview of the organization and results of the deterministic part of the 4th international planning competition , i . e ., of the part concerned with evaluating systems doing deterministic planning . ipc - 4 attracted even more competing systems than its already large predecessors , and the competition event was revised in several important respects . after giving an introduction to the ipc , we briefly explain the main differences between the deterministi ←
→ lexical - semantic resources : yet powerful resources for automatic personality classification ; in this paper , we aim to reveal the impact of lexical - semantic resources , used in particular for word sense disambiguation and sense - level semantic categorization , on automatic personality classification task . while stylistic features ( e . g ., part - of - speech counts ) have been shown their power in this task , the impact of semantics beyond targeted word lists is relatively unexplored . we propose and extract three typ ←
→ bayesian multicategory support vector machines ; we show that the multi - class support vector machine ( msvm ) proposed by lee et . al . ( 2004 ), can be viewed as a map estimation procedure under an appropriate probabilistic interpretation of the classifier . we also show that this interpretation can be extended to a hierarchical bayesian architecture and to a fully - bayesian inference procedure for multi - class classification based on data augmentation . we present empirical results that show that the advantages of ←
→ storing non - uniformly distributed messages in networks of neural cliques ; associative memories are data structures that allow retrieval of stored messages from part of their content . they thus behave similarly to human brain that is capable for instance of retrieving the end of a song given its beginning . among different families of associative memories , sparse ones are known to provide the best efficiency ( ratio of the number of bits stored to that of bits used ). nevertheless , it is well known that non - un ←
→ image captioning and classification of dangerous situations ; current robot platforms are being employed to collaborate with humans in a wide range of domestic and industrial tasks . these environments require autonomous systems that are able to classify and communicate anomalous situations such as fires , injured persons , car accidents ; or generally , any potentially dangerous situation for humans . in this paper we introduce an anomaly detection dataset for the purpose of robot applications as well as the des ←
→ tactics of adversarial attack on deep reinforcement learning agents ; we introduce two tactics to attack agents trained by deep reinforcement learning algorithms using adversarial examples , namely the strategically - timed attack and the enchanting attack . in the strategically - timed attack , the adversary aims at minimizing the agent ' s reward by only attacking the agent at a small subset of time steps in an episode . limiting the attack activity to this subset helps prevent detection of the attack by the agent .←
→ computational complexity results for genetic programming and the sorting problem ; genetic programming ( gp ) has found various applications . understanding this type of algorithm from a theoretical point of view is a challenging task . the first results on the computational complexity of gp have been obtained for problems with isolated program semantics . with this paper , we push forward the computational complexity analysis of gp on a problem with dependent program semantics . we study the well - known sorting ←
→ fft - based deep learning deployment in embedded systems ; deep learning has delivered its powerfulness in many application domains , especially in image and speech recognition . as the backbone of deep learning , deep neural networks ( dnns ) consist of multiple layers of various types with hundreds to thousands of neurons . embedded platforms are now becoming essential for deep learning deployment due to their portability , versatility , and energy efficiency . the large model size of dnns , while providing excellent ←
→ viterbi training in prism ; vt ( viterbi training ), or hard em , is an efficient way of parameter learning for probabilistic models with hidden variables . given an observation $ y $, it searches for a state of hidden variables $ x $ that maximizes $ p ( x , y \ mid \ theta )$ by coordinate ascent on parameters $\ theta $ and $ x $. in this paper we introduce vt to prism , a logic - based probabilistic modeling system for generative models . vt improves prism in three ways . first vt in prism converges faster than em in prism due ←
→ action recognition with coarse - to - fine deep feature integration and asynchronous fusion ; action recognition is an important yet challenging task in computer vision . in this paper , we propose a novel deep - based framework for action recognition , which improves the recognition accuracy by : 1 ) deriving more precise features for representing actions , and 2 ) reducing the asynchrony between different information streams . we first introduce a coarse - to - fine network which extracts shared deep features at differen ←
→ learning language - visual embedding for movie understanding with natural - language ; learning a joint language - visual embedding has a number of very appealing properties and can result in variety of practical application , including natural language image / video annotation and search . in this work , we study three different joint language - visual neural network model architectures . we evaluate our models on large scale lsmdc16 movie dataset for two tasks : 1 ) standard ranking for video annotation and retrieval 2 ←
→ on measure concentration of random maximum a - posteriori perturbations ; the maximum a - posteriori ( map ) perturbation framework has emerged as a useful approach for inference and learning in high dimensional complex models . by maximizing a randomly perturbed potential function , map perturbations generate unbiased samples from the gibbs distribution . unfortunately , the computational cost of generating so many high - dimensional random variables can be prohibitive . more efficient algorithms use sequential samplin ←
→ depth adaptive deep neural network for semantic segmentation ; in this work , we present the depth - adaptive deep neural network using a depth map for semantic segmentation . typical deep neural networks receive inputs at the predetermined locations regardless of the distance from the camera . this fixed receptive field presents a challenge to generalize the features of objects at various distances in neural networks . specifically , the predetermined receptive fields are too small at a short distance , and vice v ←
→ deep neural network for real - time autonomous indoor navigation ; autonomous indoor navigation of micro aerial vehicles ( mavs ) possesses many challenges . one main reason is that gps has limited precision in indoor environments . the additional fact that mavs are not able to carry heavy weight or power consuming sensors , such as range finders , makes indoor autonomous navigation a challenging task . in this paper , we propose a practical system in which a quadcopter autonomously navigates indoors and finds a spec ←
→ deep reinforcement learning with macro - actions ; deep reinforcement learning has been shown to be a powerful framework for learning policies from complex high - dimensional sensory inputs to actions in complex tasks , such as the atari domain . in this paper , we explore output representation modeling in the form of temporal abstraction to improve convergence and reliability of deep reinforcement learning approaches . we concentrate on macro - actions , and evaluate these on different atari 2600 games , where we show ←
→ hp - gan : probabilistic 3d human motion prediction via gan ; predicting and understanding human motion dynamics has many applications , such as motion synthesis , augmented reality , security , and autonomous vehicles . due to the recent success of generative adversarial networks ( gan ), there has been much interest in probabilistic estimation and synthetic data generation using deep neural network architectures and learning algorithms . we propose a novel sequence - to - sequence model for probabilistic human motion ←
→ accurate streaming support vector machines ; a widely - used tool for binary classification is the support vector machine ( svm ), a supervised learning technique that finds the " maximum margin " linear separator between the two classes . while svms have been well studied in the batch ( offline ) setting , there is considerably less work on the streaming ( online ) setting , which requires only a single pass over the data using sub - linear space . existing streaming algorithms are not yet competitive with the batch imple ←
→ statistical decision making for authentication and intrusion detection ; user authentication and intrusion detection differ from standard classification problems in that while we have data generated from legitimate users , impostor or intrusion data is scarce or non - existent . we review existing techniques for dealing with this problem and propose a novel alternative based on a principled statistical decision - making view point . we examine the technique on a toy problem and validate it on complex real - world da ←
→ interpretable feature recommendation for signal analytics ; this paper presents an automated approach for interpretable feature recommendation for solving signal data analytics problems . the method has been tested by performing experiments on datasets in the domain of prognostics where interpretation of features is considered very important . the proposed approach is based on wide learning architecture and provides means for interpretation of the recommended features . it is to be noted that such an interpret ←
→ linear disentangled representation learning for facial actions ; limited annotated data available for the recognition of facial expression and action units embarrasses the training of deep networks , which can learn disentangled invariant features . however , a linear model with just several parameters normally is not demanding in terms of training data . in this paper , we propose an elegant linear model to untangle confounding factors in challenging realistic multichannel signals such as 2d face videos . the si ←
→ depth estimation through a generative model of light field synthesis ; light field photography captures rich structural information that may facilitate a number of traditional image processing and computer vision tasks . a crucial ingredient in such endeavors is accurate depth recovery . we present a novel framework that allows the recovery of a high quality continuous depth map from light field data . to this end we propose a generative model of a light field that is fully parametrized by its corresponding de ←
→ regret bounds for reinforcement learning with policy advice ; in some reinforcement learning problems an agent may be provided with a set of input policies , perhaps learned from prior experience or provided by advisors . we present a reinforcement learning with policy advice ( rlpa ) algorithm which leverages this input set and learns to use the best policy in the set for the reinforcement learning task at hand . we prove that rlpa has a sub - linear regret of \ tilde o (\ sqrt { t }) relative to the best input policy ,←
→ on the energy landscape of deep networks ; we introduce " annealsgd ", a regularized stochastic gradient descent algorithm motivated by an analysis of the energy landscape of a particular class of deep networks with sparse random weights . the loss function of such networks can be approximated by the hamiltonian of a spherical spin glass with gaussian coupling . while different from currently - popular architectures such as convolutional ones , spin glasses are amenable to analysis , which provides insights on the ←
→ deep chain hdri : reconstructing a high dynamic range image from a single low dynamic range image ; in this paper , we propose a novel deep neural network model that reconstructs a high dynamic range ( hdr ) image from a single low dynamic range ( ldr ) image . the proposed model is based on a convolutional neural network composed of dilated convolutional layers , and infers ldr images with various exposures and illumination from a single ldr image of the same scene . then , the final hdr image can be formed by mer ←
→ interactive video object segmentation in the wild ; in this paper we present our system for human - in - the - loop video object segmentation . the backbone of our system is a method for one - shot video object segmentation . while fast , this method requires an accurate pixel - level segmentation of one ( or several ) frames as input . as manually annotating such a segmentation is impractical , we propose a deep interactive image segmentation method , that can accurately segment objects with only a handful of clicks . on the ←
→ semantic composition and decomposition : from recognition to generation ; semantic composition is the task of understanding the meaning of text by composing the meanings of the individual words in the text . semantic decomposition is the task of understanding the meaning of an individual word by decomposing it into various aspects ( factors , constituents , components ) that are latent in the meaning of the word . we take a distributional approach to semantics , in which a word is represented by a context vector . m ←
→ commonsense reasoning , commonsense knowledge , and the sp theory of intelligence ; this paper describes how the " sp theory of intelligence ", outlined in an appendix , may throw light on aspects of commonsense reasoning ( csr ) and commonsense knowledge ( csk ) ( together shortened to csrk ), as discussed in another paper by ernest davis and gary marcus ( dm ). the sp system has the generality needed for csrk : turing equivalence ; the generality of information compression as the foundation for the sp system both in t ←
→ encoding models for scholarly literature ; we examine the issue of digital formats for document encoding , archiving and publishing , through the specific example of " born - digital " scholarly journal articles . we will begin by looking at the traditional workflow of journal editing and publication , and how these practices have made the transition into the online domain . we will examine the range of different file formats in which electronic articles are currently stored and published . we will argue strongly tha ←
→ complexity analysis of the lasso regularization path ; the regularization path of the lasso can be shown to be piecewise linear , making it possible to " follow " and explicitly compute the entire path . we analyze in this paper this popular strategy , and prove that its worst case complexity is exponential in the number of variables . we then oppose this pessimistic result to an ( optimistic ) approximate analysis : we show that an approximate path with at most o ( 1 / sqrt ( epsilon )) linear segments can always be obtai ←
→ variational bayes factor analysis for i - vector extraction ; in this document we are going to derive the equations needed to implement a variational bayes i - vector extractor . this can be used to extract longer i - vectors reducing the risk of overfittig or to adapt an i - vector extractor from a database to another with scarce development data . this work is based on patrick kenny ' s joint factor analysis and christopher bishop ' s variational principal components .←
→ learning robust video synchronization without annotations ; aligning video sequences is a fundamental yet still unsolved component for a broad range of applications in computer graphics and vision . most classical image processing methods cannot be directly applied to related video problems due to the high amount of underlying data and their limit to small changes in appearance . we present a scalable and robust method for computing a non - linear temporal video alignment . the approach autonomously manages its ←
→ learning robust low - rank representations ; in this paper we present a comprehensive framework for learning robust low - rank representations by combining and extending recent ideas for learning fast sparse coding regressors with structured non - convex optimization techniques . this approach connects robust principal component analysis ( rpca ) with dictionary learning techniques and allows its approximation via trainable encoders . we propose an efficient feed - forward architecture derived from an optimization algo ←
→ mind the class weight bias : weighted maximum mean discrepancy for unsupervised domain adaptation ; in domain adaptation , maximum mean discrepancy ( mmd ) has been widely adopted as a discrepancy metric between the distributions of source and target domains . however , existing mmd - based domain adaptation methods generally ignore the changes of class prior distributions , i . e ., class weight bias across domains . this remains an open problem but ubiquitous for domain adaptation , which can be caused by changes in ←
→ group membership prediction ; the group membership prediction ( gmp ) problem involves predicting whether or not a collection of instances share a certain semantic property . for instance , in kinship verification given a collection of images , the goal is to predict whether or not they share a {\ it familial } relationship . in this context we propose a novel probability model and introduce latent {\ em view - specific } and {\ em view - shared } random variables to jointly account for the view - specific appearance and cro ←
→ efficiently bounding optimal solutions after small data modification in large - scale empirical risk minimization ; we study large - scale classification problems in changing environments where a small part of the dataset is modified , and the effect of the data modification must be quickly incorporated into the classifier . when the entire dataset is large , even if the amount of the data modification is fairly small , the computational cost of re - training the classifier would be prohibitively large . in this pap ←
→ expectation propagation ; variational inference is a powerful concept that underlies many iterative approximation algorithms ; expectation propagation , mean - field methods and belief propagations were all central themes at the school that can be perceived from this unifying framework . the lectures of manfred opper introduce the archetypal example of expectation propagation , before establishing the connection with the other approximation methods . corrections by expansion about the expectation propagation are t ←
→ cross - language question re - ranking ; we study how to find relevant questions in community forums when the language of the new questions is different from that of the existing questions in the forum . in particular , we explore the arabic - english language pair . we compare a kernel - based system with a feed - forward neural network in a scenario where a large parallel corpus is available for training a machine translation system , bilingual dictionaries , and cross - language word embeddings . we observe that both appr ←
→ reasoning by cases in structured argumentation ; we extend the $ aspic ^+$ framework for structured argumentation so as to allow applications of the reasoning by cases inference scheme for defeasible arguments . given an argument with conclusion `$ a $ or $ b $', an argument based on $ a $ with conclusion $ c $, and an argument based on $ b $ with conclusion $ c $, we allow the construction of an argument with conclusion $ c $. we show how our framework leads to different results than other approaches in non - monotonic logic ←
→ planning with partial preference models ; current work in planning with preferences assume that the user ' s preference models are completely specified and aim to search for a single solution plan . in many real - world planning scenarios , however , the user probably cannot provide any information about her desired plans , or in some cases can only express partial preferences . in such situations , the planner has to present not only one but a set of plans to the user , with the hope that some of them are similar to ←
→ deep learning in pharmacogenomics : from gene regulation to patient stratification ; this perspective provides examples of current and future applications of deep learning in pharmacogenomics , including : ( 1 ) identification of novel regulatory variants located in noncoding domains and their function as applied to pharmacoepigenomics ; ( 2 ) patient stratification from medical records ; and ( 3 ) prediction of drugs , targets , and their interactions . deep learning encapsulates a family of machine learning algorithm ←
→ analysis of the impact of negative sampling on link prediction in knowledge graphs ; knowledge graphs are large , useful , but incomplete knowledge repositories . they encode knowledge through entities and relations which define each other through the connective structure of the graph . this has inspired methods for the joint embedding of entities and relations in continuous low - dimensional vector spaces , that can be used to induce new edges in the graph , i . e ., link prediction in knowledge graphs . learning th ←
→ high performance human face recognition using gabor based pseudo hidden markov model ; this paper introduces a novel methodology that combines the multi - resolution feature of the gabor wavelet transformation ( gwt ) with the local interactions of the facial structures expressed through the pseudo hidden markov model ( phmm ). unlike the traditional zigzag scanning method for feature extraction a continuous scanning method from top - left corner to right then top - down and right to left and so on until right - bott ←
→ an iterative closest point method for measuring the level of similarity of 3d log scans in wood industry ; in the canadian ' s lumber industry , simulators are used to predict the lumbers resulting from the sawing of a log at a given sawmill . giving a log or several logs ' 3d scans as input , simulators perform a real - time job to predict the lumbers . these simulators , however , tend to be slow at processing large volume of wood . we thus explore an alternative approximation techniques based on the iterative clos ←
→ regularized pel - recursive motion estimation using generalized cross - validation and spatial adaptation ; the computation of 2 - d optical flow by means of regularized pel - recursive algorithms raises a host of issues , which include the treatment of outliers , motion discontinuities and occlusion among other problems . we propose a new approach which allows us to deal with these issues within a common framework . our approach is based on the use of a technique called generalized cross - validation to estimate the b ←
→ introducing new adaboost features for real - time vehicle detection ; this paper shows how to improve the real - time object detection in complex robotics applications , by exploring new visual features as adaboost weak classifiers . these new features are symmetric haar filters ( enforcing global horizontal and vertical symmetry ) and n - connexity control points . experimental evaluation on a car database show that the latter appear to provide the best results for the vehicle - detection problem .←
→ from average case complexity to improper learning complexity ; the basic problem in the pac model of computational learning theory is to determine which hypothesis classes are efficiently learnable . there is presently a dearth of results showing hardness of learning problems . moreover , the existing lower bounds fall short of the best known algorithms . the biggest challenge in proving complexity results is to establish hardness of {\ em improper learning } ( a . k . a . representation independent learning ). the dif ←
→ bank card usage prediction exploiting geolocation information ; we describe the solution of team ismll for the ecml - pkdd 2016 discovery challenge on bank card usage for both tasks . our solution is based on three pillars . gradient boosted decision trees as a strong regression and classification model , an intensive search for good hyperparameter configurations and strong features that exploit geolocation information . this approach achieved the best performance on the public leaderboard for the first task and ←
→ the megaface benchmark : 1 million faces for recognition at scale ; recent face recognition experiments on a major benchmark lfw show stunning performance -- a number of algorithms achieve near to perfect score , surpassing human recognition rates . in this paper , we advocate evaluations at the million scale ( lfw includes only 13k photos of 5k people ). to this end , we have assembled the megaface dataset and created the first megaface challenge . our dataset includes one million photos that capture more than 690k ←
→ shape - based defect classification for non destructive testing ; the aim of this work is to classify the aerospace structure defects detected by eddy current non - destructive testing . the proposed method is based on the assumption that the defect is bound to the reaction of the probe coil impedance during the test . impedance plane analysis is used to extract a feature vector from the shape of the coil impedance in the complex plane , through the use of some geometric parameters . shape recognition is tested wit ←
→ mix - and - match tuning for self - supervised semantic segmentation ; deep convolutional networks for semantic image segmentation typically require large - scale labeled data , e . g . imagenet and ms coco , for network pre - training . to reduce annotation efforts , self - supervised semantic segmentation is recently proposed to pre - train a network without any human - provided labels . the key of this new form of learning is to design a proxy task ( e . g . image colorization ), from which a discriminative loss can be formulated on ←
→ one model to learn them all ; deep learning yields great results across many fields , from speech recognition , image classification , to translation . but for each problem , getting a deep model to work well involves research into the architecture and a long period of tuning . we present a single model that yields good results on a number of problems spanning multiple domains . in particular , this single model is trained concurrently on imagenet , multiple translation tasks , image captioning ( coco dataset ), a spee ←
→ the arcade learning environment : an evaluation platform for general agents ; in this article we introduce the arcade learning environment ( ale ): both a challenge problem and a platform and methodology for evaluating the development of general , domain - independent ai technology . ale provides an interface to hundreds of atari 2600 game environments , each one different , interesting , and designed to be a challenge for human players . ale presents significant research challenges for reinforcement learning , model ←
→ distms : a non - portfolio distributed solver for maximum satisfiability ; the most successful parallel sat and maxsat solvers follow a portfolio approach , where each thread applies a different algorithm ( or the same algorithm configured differently ) to solve a given problem instance . the main goal of building a portfolio is to diversify the search process being carried out by each thread . as soon as one thread finishes , the instance can be deemed solved . in this paper we present a new open source distributed ←
→ digital image forensics vs . image composition : an indirect arms race ; the field of image composition is constantly trying to improve the ways in which an image can be altered and enhanced . while this is usually done in the name of aesthetics and practicality , it also provides tools that can be used to maliciously alter images . in this sense , the field of digital image forensics has to be prepared to deal with the influx of new technology , in a constant arms - race . in this paper , the current state of this ar ←
→ fusing color and texture cues to categorize the fruit diseases from images ; the economic and production losses in agricultural industry worldwide are due to the presence of diseases in the several kinds of fruits . in this paper , a method for the classification of fruit diseases is proposed and experimentally validated . the image processing based proposed approach is composed of the following main steps ; in the first step k - means clustering technique is used for the defect segmentation , in the second step ←
→ intelligent probabilistic inference ; the analysis of practical probabilistic models on the computer demands a convenient representation for the available knowledge and an efficient algorithm to perform inference . an appealing representation is the influence diagram , a network that makes explicit the random variables in a model and their probabilistic dependencies . recent advances have developed solution procedures based on the influence diagram . in this paper , we examine the fundamental properties that und ←
→ agglomerative bregman clustering ; this manuscript develops the theory of agglomerative clustering with bregman divergences . geometric smoothing techniques are developed to deal with degenerate clusters . to allow for cluster models based on exponential families with overcomplete representations , bregman divergences are developed for nondifferentiable convex functions .←
→ repairing people trajectories based on point clustering ; this paper presents a method for improving any object tracking algorithm based on machine learning . during the training phase , important trajectory features are extracted which are then used to calculate a confidence value of trajectory . the positions at which objects are usually lost and found are clustered in order to construct the set of ' lost zones ' and ' found zones ' in the scene . using these zones , we construct a triplet set of zones i . e . three ←
→ self - taught support vector machine ; in this paper , a new approach for classification of target task using limited labeled target data as well as enormous unlabeled source data is proposed which is called self - taught learning . the target and source data can be drawn from different distributions . in the previous approaches , covariate shift assumption is considered where the marginal distributions p ( x ) change over domains and the conditional distributions p ( y | x ) remain the same . in our approach , we propose a ←
→ end - to - end lstm - based dialog control optimized with supervised and reinforcement learning ; this paper presents a model for end - to - end learning of task - oriented dialog systems . the main component of the model is a recurrent neural network ( an lstm ), which maps from raw dialog history directly to a distribution over system actions . the lstm automatically infers a representation of dialog history , which relieves the system developer of much of the manual feature engineering of dialog state . in addition , the ←
→ regularization techniques for fine - tuning in neural machine translation ; we investigate techniques for supervised domain adaptation for neural machine translation where an existing model trained on a large out - of - domain dataset is adapted to a small in - domain dataset . in this scenario , overfitting is a major challenge . we investigate a number of techniques to reduce overfitting and improve transfer learning , including regularization techniques such as dropout and l2 - regularization towards an out - of - domain ←
→ deep transform : cocktail party source separation via complex convolution in a deep neural network ; convolutional deep neural networks ( dnn ) are state of the art in many engineering problems but have not yet addressed the issue of how to deal with complex spectrograms . here , we use circular statistics to provide a convenient probabilistic estimate of spectrogram phase in a complex convolutional dnn . in a typical cocktail party source separation scenario , we trained a convolutional dnn to re - synthesize the ←
→ restricted boltzmann machine for classification with hierarchical correlated prior ; restricted boltzmann machines ( rbm ) and its variants have become hot research topics recently , and widely applied to many classification problems , such as character recognition and document categorization . often , classification rbm ignores the interclass relationship or prior knowledge of sharing information among classes . in this paper , we are interested in rbm with the hierarchical prior over classes . we assume paramete ←
→ a bayesian estimation approach to analyze non - gaussian data - generating processes with latent classes ; a large amount of observational data has been accumulated in various fields in recent times , and there is a growing need to estimate the generating processes of these data . a linear non - gaussian acyclic model ( lingam ) based on the non - gaussianity of external influences has been proposed to estimate the data - generating processes of variables . however , the results of the estimation can be biased if there a ←
→ a case study in text mining : interpreting twitter data from world cup tweets ; cluster analysis is a field of data analysis that extracts underlying patterns in data . one application of cluster analysis is in text - mining , the analysis of large collections of text to find similarities between documents . we used a collection of about 30 , 000 tweets extracted from twitter just before the world cup started . a common problem with real world text data is the presence of linguistic noise . in our case it would be ←
→ annotation order matters : recurrent image annotator for arbitrary length image tagging ; automatic image annotation has been an important research topic in facilitating large scale image management and retrieval . existing methods focus on learning image - tag correlation or correlation between tags to improve annotation accuracy . however , most of these methods evaluate their performance using top - k retrieval performance , where k is fixed . although such setting gives convenience for comparing different metho ←
→ auditing black - box models using transparent model distillation with side information ; black - box risk scoring models permeate our lives , yet are typically proprietary or opaque . we propose a transparent model distillation approach to audit such models . model distillation was first introduced to transfer knowledge from a large , complex teacher model to a faster , simpler student model without significant loss in prediction accuracy . to this we add a third criterion - transparency . to gain insight into black ←
→ sgan : an alternative training of generative adversarial networks ; the generative adversarial networks ( gans ) have demonstrated impressive performance for data synthesis , and are now used in a wide range of computer vision tasks . in spite of this success , they gained a reputation for being difficult to train , what results in a time - consuming and human - involved development process to use them . we consider an alternative training process , named sgan , in which several adversarial " local " pairs of networks ar ←
→ incorporating structural alignment biases into an attentional neural translation model ; neural encoder - decoder models of machine translation have achieved impressive results , rivalling traditional translation models . however their modelling formulation is overly simplistic , and omits several key inductive biases built into traditional models . in this paper we extend the attentional neural translation model to include structural biases from word based alignment models , including positional bias , markov co ←
→ reasoning with axioms : theory and pratice ; when reasoning in description , modal or temporal logics it is often useful to consider axioms representing universal truths in the domain of discourse . reasoning with respect to an arbitrary set of axioms is hard , even for relatively inexpressive logics , and it is essential to deal with such axioms in an efficient manner if implemented systems are to be effective in real applications . this is particularly relevant to description logics , where subsumption reasoning ←
→ bootstrapping and multiple imputation ensemble approaches for missing data ; presence of missing values in a dataset can adversely affect the performance of a classifier . single and multiple imputation are normally performed to fill in the missing values . in this paper , we present several variants of combining single and multiple imputation with bootstrapping to create ensembles that can model uncertainty and diversity in the data , and that are robust to high missingness in the data . we present three ense ←
→ highly comparative feature - based time - series classification ; a highly comparative , feature - based approach to time series classification is introduced that uses an extensive database of algorithms to extract thousands of interpretable features from time series . these features are derived from across the scientific time - series analysis literature , and include summaries of time series in terms of their correlation structure , distribution , entropy , stationarity , scaling properties , and fits to a range of time -←
→ answer set programming for non - stationary markov decision processes ; non - stationary domains , where unforeseen changes happen , present a challenge for agents to find an optimal policy for a sequential decision making problem . this work investigates a solution to this problem that combines markov decision processes ( mdp ) and reinforcement learning ( rl ) with answer set programming ( asp ) in a method we call asp ( rl ). in this method , answer set programming is used to find the possible trajectories of an mdp , fro ←
→ deep epitomic convolutional neural networks ; deep convolutional neural networks have recently proven extremely competitive in challenging image recognition tasks . this paper proposes the epitomic convolution as a new building block for deep neural networks . an epitomic convolution layer replaces a pair of consecutive convolution and max - pooling layers found in standard deep convolutional neural networks . the main version of the proposed model uses mini - epitomes in place of filters and computes responses in ←
→ deep reinforcement learning for list - wise recommendations ; recommender systems play a crucial role in mitigating the problem of information overload by suggesting users ' personalized items or services . the vast majority of traditional recommender systems consider the recommendation procedure as a static process and make recommendations following a fixed strategy . in this paper , we propose a novel recommender system with the capability of continuously improving its strategies during the interactions with us ←
→ transformed residual quantization for approximate nearest neighbor search ; the success of product quantization ( pq ) for fast nearest neighbor search depends on the exponentially reduced complexities of both storage and computation with respect to the codebook size . recent efforts have been focused on employing sophisticated optimization strategies , or seeking more effective models . residual quantization ( rq ) is such an alternative that holds the same property as pq in terms of the aforementioned complexi ←
→ fast training of convolutional neural networks via kernel rescaling ; training deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) is a time consuming task that may take weeks to complete . in this article we propose a novel , theoretically founded method for reducing cnn training time without incurring any loss in accuracy . the basic idea is to begin training with a pre - train network using lower - resolution kernels and input images , and then refine the results at the full resolution by exploiting the spatial scaling pro ←
→ deep burst denoising ; noise is an inherent issue of low - light image capture , one which is exacerbated on mobile devices due to their narrow apertures and small sensors . one strategy for mitigating noise in a low - light situation is to increase the shutter time of the camera , thus allowing each photosite to integrate more light and decrease noise variance . however , there are two downsides of long exposures : ( a ) bright regions can exceed the sensor range , and ( b ) camera and scene motion will result in blurred ←
→ distribution of degrees of freedom over structure and motion of rigid bodies ; this paper is concerned with recovery of motion and structure parameters from multiframes under orthogonal projection when only points are traced . the main question is how many points and / or how many frames are necessary for the task . it is demonstrated that 3 frames and 3 points are the absolute minimum . closed - form solution is presented . furthermore , it is shown that the task may be linearized if either four points or four fr ←
→ reinforcement learning with temporal logic rewards ; reinforcement learning ( rl ) depends critically on the choice of reward functions used to capture the de - sired behavior and constraints of a robot . usually , these are handcrafted by a expert designer and represent heuristics for relatively simple tasks . real world applications typically involve more complex tasks with rich temporal and logical structure . in this paper we take advantage of the expressive power of temporal logic ( tl ) to specify complex rule ←
→ computing multi - relational sufficient statistics for large databases ; databases contain information about which relationships do and do not hold among entities . to make this information accessible for statistical analysis requires computing sufficient statistics that combine information from different database tables . such statistics may involve any number of {\ em positive and negative } relationships . with a naive enumeration approach , computing sufficient statistics for negative relationships is feasible ←
→ bidirectional warping of active appearance model ; active appearance model ( aam ) is a commonly used method for facial image analysis with applications in face identification and facial expression recognition . this paper proposes a new approach based on image alignment for aam fitting called bidirectional warping . previous approaches warp either the input image or the appearance template . we propose to warp both the input image , using incremental update by an affine transformation , and the appearance templat ←
→ dynamic time warping distance for message propagation classification in twitter ; social messages classification is a research domain that has attracted the attention of many researchers in these last years . indeed , the social message is different from ordinary text because it has some special characteristics like its shortness . then the development of new approaches for the processing of the social message is now essential to make its classification more efficient . in this paper , we are mainly interested ←
→ interpretable vaes for nonlinear group factor analysis ; deep generative models have recently yielded encouraging results in producing subjectively realistic samples of complex data . far less attention has been paid to making these generative models interpretable . in many scenarios , ranging from scientific applications to finance , the observed variables have a natural grouping . it is often of interest to understand systems of interaction amongst these groups , and latent factor models ( lfms ) are an attractiv ←
→ reinforcement learning of pomdps using spectral methods ; we propose a new reinforcement learning algorithm for partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdp ) based on spectral decomposition methods . while spectral methods have been previously employed for consistent learning of ( passive ) latent variable models such as hidden markov models , pomdps are more challenging since the learner interacts with the environment and possibly changes the future observations in the process . we devise a learning al ←
→ the use of instrumentation in grammar engineering ; this paper explores the usefulness of a technique from software engineering , code instrumentation , for the development of large - scale natural language grammars . information about the usage of grammar rules in test and corpus sentences is used to improve grammar and testsuite , as well as adapting a grammar to a specific genre . results show that less than half of a large - coverage grammar for german is actually tested by two large testsuites , and that 10 -- 30 %←
→ multi - task , multi - label and multi - domain learning with residual convolutional networks for emotion recognition ; automated emotion recognition in the wild from facial images remains a challenging problem . although recent advances in deep learning have supposed a significant breakthrough in this topic , strong changes in pose , orientation and point of view severely harm current approaches . in addition , the acquisition of labeled datasets is costly , and current state - of - the - art deep learning algorithms canno ←
→ lsun : construction of a large - scale image dataset using deep learning with humans in the loop ; while there has been remarkable progress in the performance of visual recognition algorithms , the state - of - the - art models tend to be exceptionally data - hungry . large labeled training datasets , expensive and tedious to produce , are required to optimize millions of parameters in deep network models . lagging behind the growth in model capacity , the available datasets are quickly becoming outdated in terms of size ←
→ chemical reaction optimization for the set covering problem ; the set covering problem ( scp ) is one of the representative combinatorial optimization problems , having many practical applications . this paper investigates the development of an algorithm to solve scp by employing chemical reaction optimization ( cro ), a general - purpose metaheuristic . it is tested on a wide range of benchmark instances of scp . the simulation results indicate that this algorithm gives outstanding performance compared with other he ←
→ machine learning with world knowledge : the position and survey ; machine learning has become pervasive in multiple domains , impacting a wide variety of applications , such as knowledge discovery and data mining , natural language processing , information retrieval , computer vision , social and health informatics , ubiquitous computing , etc . two essential problems of machine learning are how to generate features and how to acquire labels for machines to learn . particularly , labeling large amount of data for each ←
→ evaluating las vegas algorithms - pitfalls and remedies ; stochastic search algorithms are among the most sucessful approaches for solving hard combinatorial problems . a large class of stochastic search approaches can be cast into the framework of las vegas algorithms ( lvas ). as the run - time behavior of lvas is characterized by random variables , the detailed knowledge of run - time distributions provides important information for the analysis of these algorithms . in this paper we propose a novel methodology f ←
→ saliency weighted convolutional features for instance search ; this work explores attention models to weight the contribution of local convolutional representations for the instance search task . we present a retrieval framework based on bags of local convolutional features ( blcf ) that benefits from saliency weighting to build an efficient image representation . the use of human visual attention models ( saliency ) allows significant improvements in retrieval performance without the need to conduct region analy ←
→ a decision support system for ship identification based on the curvature scale space representation ; in this paper , a decision support system for ship identification is presented . the system receives as input a silhouette of the vessel to be identified , previously extracted from a side view of the object . this view could have been acquired with imaging sensors operating at different spectral ranges ( ccd , flir , image intensifier ). the input silhouette is preprocessed and compared to those stored in a data ←
→ how i won the " chess ratings - elo vs the rest of the world " competition ; this article discusses in detail the rating system that won the kaggle competition " chess ratings : elo vs the rest of the world ". the competition provided a historical dataset of outcomes for chess games , and aimed to discover whether novel approaches can predict the outcomes of future games , more accurately than the well - known elo rating system . the winning rating system , called elo ++ in the rest of the article , builds upon the elo ←
→ a dataset for developing and benchmarking active vision ; we present a new public dataset with a focus on simulating robotic vision tasks in everyday indoor environments using real imagery . the dataset includes 20 , 000 + rgb - d images and 50 , 000 + 2d bounding boxes of object instances densely captured in 9 unique scenes . we train a fast object category detector for instance detection on our data . using the dataset we show that , although increasingly accurate and fast , the state of the art for object detection i ←
→ detecting parts for action localization ; in this paper , we propose a new framework for action localization that tracks people in videos and extracts full - body human tubes , i . e ., spatio - temporal regions localizing actions , even in the case of occlusions or truncations . this is achieved by training a novel human part detector that scores visible parts while regressing full - body bounding boxes . the core of our method is a convolutional neural network which learns part proposals specific to certain body parts .←
→ compositional learning of relation path embedding for knowledge base completion ; large - scale knowledge bases have currently reached impressive sizes ; however , these knowledge bases are still far from complete . in addition , most of the existing methods for knowledge base completion only consider the direct links between entities , ignoring the vital impact of the consistent semantics of relation paths . in this paper , we study the problem of how to better embed entities and relations of knowledge bases into ←
→ fages ' theorem and answer set programming ; we generalize a theorem by francois fages that describes the relationship between the completion semantics and the answer set semantics for logic programs with negation as failure . the study of this relationship is important in connection with the emergence of answer set programming . whenever the two semantics are equivalent , answer sets can be computed by a satisfiability solver , and the use of answer set solvers such as smodels and dlv is unnecessary . a logic pr ←
→ deep visual foresight for planning robot motion ; a key challenge in scaling up robot learning to many skills and environments is removing the need for human supervision , so that robots can collect their own data and improve their own performance without being limited by the cost of requesting human feedback . model - based reinforcement learning holds the promise of enabling an agent to learn to predict the effects of its actions , which could provide flexible predictive models for a wide range of tasks and en ←
→ artificial neural networks for detection of malaria in rbcs ; malaria is one of the most common diseases caused by mosquitoes and is a great public health problem worldwide . currently , for malaria diagnosis the standard technique is microscopic examination of a stained blood film . we propose use of artificial neural networks ( ann ) for the diagnosis of the disease in the red blood cell . for this purpose features / parameters are computed from the data obtained by the digital holographic images of the blood c ←
→ learning eligibility in clinical cancer trials using deep neural networks ; interventional clinical cancer trials are generally too restrictive and cancer patients are often excluded from them on the basis of comorbidity , past or concomitant treatments and the fact that they are over a certain age . the efficacy and safety of new treatments for patients with these characteristics are not , therefore , defined . in this work , we build a model with which to automatically predict whether short clinical statement ←
→ adaptive chemical reaction optimization for global numerical optimization ; a newly proposed chemical - reaction - inspired metaheurisic , chemical reaction optimization ( cro ), has been applied to many optimization problems in both discrete and continuous domains . to alleviate the effort in tuning parameters , this paper reduces the number of optimization parameters in canonical cro and develops an adaptive scheme to evolve them . our proposed adaptive cro ( acro ) adapts better to different optimization problems .←
→ local and global inference for high dimensional nonparanormal graphical models ; this paper proposes a unified framework to quantify local and global inferential uncertainty for high dimensional nonparanormal graphical models . in particular , we consider the problems of testing the presence of a single edge and constructing a uniform confidence subgraph . due to the presence of unknown marginal transformations , we propose a pseudo likelihood based inferential approach . in sharp contrast to the existing high ←
→ nonlinear sequential accepts and rejects for identification of top arms in stochastic bandits ; we address the m - best - arm identification problem in multi - armed bandits . a player has a limited budget to explore k arms ( m < k ), and once pulled , each arm yields a reward drawn ( independently ) from a fixed , unknown distribution . the goal is to find the top m arms in the sense of expected reward . we develop an algorithm which proceeds in rounds to deactivate arms iteratively . at each round , the budget is divided ←
→ pushing your point of view : behavioral measures of manipulation in wikipedia ; as a major source for information on virtually any topic , wikipedia serves an important role in public dissemination and consumption of knowledge . as a result , it presents tremendous potential for people to promulgate their own points of view ; such efforts may be more subtle than typical vandalism . in this paper , we introduce new behavioral metrics to quantify the level of controversy associated with a particular user : a contro ←
→ conditional chow - liu tree structures for modeling discrete - valued vector time series ; we consider the problem of modeling discrete - valued vector time series data using extensions of chow - liu tree models to capture both dependencies across time and dependencies across variables . conditional chow - liu tree models are introduced , as an extension to standard chow - liu trees , for modeling conditional rather than joint densities . we describe learning algorithms for such models and show how they can be used to le ←
→ response aware model - based collaborative filtering ; previous work on recommender systems mainly focus on fitting the ratings provided by users . however , the response patterns , i . e ., some items are rated while others not , are generally ignored . we argue that failing to observe such response patterns can lead to biased parameter estimation and sub - optimal model performance . although several pieces of work have tried to model users ' response patterns , they miss the effectiveness and interpretability of the su ←
→ supervised speech separation based on deep learning : an overview ; speech separation is the task of separating target speech from background interference . traditionally , speech separation is studied as a signal processing problem . a more recent approach formulates speech separation as a supervised learning problem , where the discriminative patterns of speech , speakers , and background noise are learned from training data . over the past decade , many supervised separation algorithms have been put forward . in p ←
→ researchdoom and cocodoom : learning computer vision with games ; in this short note we introduce researchdoom , an implementation of the doom first - person shooter that can extract detailed metadata from the game . we also introduce the cocodoom dataset , a collection of pre - recorded data extracted from doom gaming sessions along with annotations in the ms coco format . researchdoom and cocodoom can be used to train and evaluate a variety of computer vision methods such as object recognition , detection and segme ←
→ deep learning of constrained autoencoders for enhanced understanding of data ; unsupervised feature extractors are known to perform an efficient and discriminative representation of data . insight into the mappings they perform and human ability to understand them , however , remain very limited . this is especially prominent when multilayer deep learning architectures are used . this paper demonstrates how to remove these bottlenecks within the architecture of nonnegativity constrained autoencoder ( ncsae ). it ←
→ argotario : computational argumentation meets serious games ; an important skill in critical thinking and argumentation is the ability to spot and recognize fallacies . fallacious arguments , omnipresent in argumentative discourse , can be deceptive , manipulative , or simply leading to ` wrong moves ' in a discussion . despite their importance , argumentation scholars and nlp researchers with focus on argumentation quality have not yet investigated fallacies empirically . the nonexistence of resources dealing with fa ←
→ database querying under changing preferences ; we present here a formal foundation for an iterative and incremental approach to constructing and evaluating preference queries . our main focus is on query modification : a query transformation approach which works by revising the preference relation in the query . we provide a detailed analysis of the cases where the order - theoretic properties of the preference relation are preserved by the revision . we consider a number of different revision operators : union , p ←
→ mgpt : a probabilistic planner based on heuristic search ; we describe the version of the gpt planner used in the probabilistic track of the 4th international planning competition ( ipc - 4 ). this version , called mgpt , solves markov decision processes specified in the ppddl language by extracting and using different classes of lower bounds along with various heuristic - search algorithms . the lower bounds are extracted from deterministic relaxations where the alternative probabilistic effects of an action are map ←
→ advantages and a limitation of using leg nets in a real - time problem ; after experimenting with a number of non - probabilistic methods for dealing with uncertainty many researchers reaffirm a preference for probability methods [ 1 ] [ 2 ], although this remains controversial . the importance of being able to form decisions from incomplete data in diagnostic problems has highlighted probabilistic methods [ 5 ] which compute posterior probabilities from prior distributions in a way similar to bayes rule , and thus are ←
→ reliability of pet / ct shape and heterogeneity features in functional and morphological components of non - small cell lung cancer tumors : a repeatability analysis in a prospective multi - center cohort ; purpose : the main purpose of this study was to assess the reliability of shape and heterogeneity features in both positron emission tomography ( pet ) and low - dose computed tomography ( ct ) components of pet / ct . a secondary objective was to investigate the impact of image quantization . material and methods : a h ←
→ markov chain lifting and distributed admm ; the time to converge to the steady state of a finite markov chain can be greatly reduced by a lifting operation , which creates a new markov chain on an expanded state space . for a class of quadratic objectives , we show an analogous behavior where a distributed admm algorithm can be seen as a lifting of gradient descent algorithm . this provides a deep insight for its faster convergence rate under optimal parameter tuning . we conjecture that this gain is always pres ←
→ an ensemble boosting model for predicting transfer to the pediatric intensive care unit ; our work focuses on the problem of predicting the transfer of pediatric patients from the general ward of a hospital to the pediatric intensive care unit . using data collected over 5 . 5 years from the electronic health records of two medical facilities , we develop classifiers based on adaptive boosting and gradient tree boosting . we further combine these learned classifiers into an ensemble model and compare its perfo ←
→ interval - based prediction uncertainty bound computation in learning with missing values ; the problem of machine learning with missing values is common in many areas . a simple approach is to first construct a dataset without missing values simply by discarding instances with missing entries or by imputing a fixed value for each missing entry , and then train a prediction model with the new dataset . a drawback of this naive approach is that the uncertainty in the missing entries is not properly incorporated ←
→ there and back again : a general approach to learning sparse models ; we propose a simple and efficient approach to learning sparse models . our approach consists of ( 1 ) projecting the data into a lower dimensional space , ( 2 ) learning a dense model in the lower dimensional space , and then ( 3 ) recovering the sparse model in the original space via compressive sensing . we apply this approach to non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ), tensor decomposition and linear classification --- showing that it obtains $ 10 \ t ←
→ not afraid of the dark : nir - vis face recognition via cross - spectral hallucination and low - rank embedding ; surveillance cameras today often capture nir ( near infrared ) images in low - light environments . however , most face datasets accessible for training and verification are only collected in the vis ( visible light ) spectrum . it remains a challenging problem to match nir to vis face images due to the different light spectrum . recently , breakthroughs have been made for vis face recognition by applying deep ←
→ joint hierarchical category structure learning and large - scale image classification ; we investigate the scalable image classification problem with a large number of categories . hierarchical visual data structures are helpful for improving the efficiency and performance of large - scale multi - class classification . we propose a novel image classification method based on learning hierarchical inter - class structures . specifically , we first design a fast algorithm to compute the similarity metric between catego ←
→ partial functional correspondence ; in this paper , we propose a method for computing partial functional correspondence between non - rigid shapes . we use perturbation analysis to show how removal of shape parts changes the laplace - beltrami eigenfunctions , and exploit it as a prior on the spectral representation of the correspondence . corresponding parts are optimization variables in our problem and are used to weight the functional correspondence ; we are looking for the largest and most regular ( in the mumfor ←
→ mr to x - ray projection image synthesis ; hybrid imaging promises large potential in medical imaging applications . to fully utilize the possibilities of corresponding information from different modalities , the information must be transferable between the domains . in radiation therapy , existing methods make use of reconstructed magnetic resonance imaging data to synthesize corresponding x - ray attenuation maps . in contrast , for fluoroscopic procedures only line integral data , i . e ., projection images , are prese ←
→ matching long text documents via graph convolutional networks ; identifying the relationship between two text objects is a core research problem underlying many natural language processing tasks . a wide range of deep learning schemes have been proposed for text matching , mainly focusing on sentence matching , question answering or query document matching . we point out that existing approaches do not perform well at matching long documents , which is critical , for example , to ai - based news article understandin ←
→ group invariance , stability to deformations , and complexity of deep convolutional representations ; in this paper , we study deep signal representations that are invariant to groups of transformations and stable to the action of diffeomorphisms without losing signal information . this is achieved by generalizing the multilayer kernel construction introduced in the context of convolutional kernel networks and by studying the geometry of the corresponding reproducing kernel hilbert space . we show that the sig ←
→ retrieving challenging vessel connections in retinal images by line co - occurrence statistics ; natural images contain often curvilinear structures , which might be disconnected , or partly occluded . recovering the missing connection of disconnected structures is an open issue and needs appropriate geometric reasoning . we propose to find line co - occurrence statistics from the centerlines of blood vessels in retinal images and show its remarkable similarity to a well - known probabilistic model for the connecti ←
→ bayesian optimization for machine learning : a practical guidebook ; the engineering of machine learning systems is still a nascent field ; relying on a seemingly daunting collection of quickly evolving tools and best practices . it is our hope that this guidebook will serve as a useful resource for machine learning practitioners looking to take advantage of bayesian optimization techniques . we outline four example machine learning problems that can be solved using open source machine learning libraries , and ←
→ the scarcity of crossing dependencies : a direct outcome of a specific constraint ? ; the structure of a sentence can be represented as a network where vertices are words and edges indicate syntactic dependencies . interestingly , crossing syntactic dependencies have been observed to be infrequent in human languages . this leads to the question of whether the scarcity of crossings in languages arises from an independent and specific constraint on crossings . we provide statistical evidence suggesting that this ←
→ from maxout to channel - out : encoding information on sparse pathways ; motivated by an important insight from neural science , we propose a new framework for understanding the success of the recently proposed " maxout " networks . the framework is based on encoding information on sparse pathways and recognizing the correct pathway at inference time . elaborating further on this insight , we propose a novel deep network architecture , called " channel - out " network , which takes a much better advantage of sparse pathwa ←
→ mis - slam : real - time large scale dense deformable slam system in minimal invasive surgery based on heterogeneous computing ; real - time simultaneously localization and dense mapping is very helpful for providing virtual reality and augmented reality for surgeons or even surgical robots . in this paper , we propose mis - slam : a complete real - time large scale dense deformable slam system with stereoscope in minimal invasive surgery based on heterogeneous computing by making full use of cpu and gpu . idled cpu is ←
→ two - view 3d reconstruction for food volume estimation ; the increasing prevalence of diet - related chronic diseases coupled with the ineffectiveness of traditional diet management methods have resulted in a need for novel tools to accurately and automatically assess meals . recently , computer vision based systems that use meal images to assess their content have been proposed . food portion estimation is the most difficult task for individuals assessing their meals and it is also the least studied area . the pr ←
→ sampling method for fast training of support vector data description ; support vector data description ( svdd ) is a popular outlier detection technique which constructs a flexible description of the input data . svdd computation time is high for large training datasets which limits its use in big - data process - monitoring applications . we propose a new iterative sampling - based method for svdd training . the method incrementally learns the training data description at each iteration by computing svdd on an indepe ←
→ exploring the rationality of some syntactic merging operators ( extended version ) ; most merging operators are defined by semantics methods which have very high computational complexity . in order to have operators with a lower computational complexity , some merging operators defined in a syntactical way have be proposed . in this work we define some syntactical merging operators and exploring its rationality properties . to do that we constrain the belief bases to be sets of formulas very close to logic prog ←
→ discriminative probabilistic models for relational data ; in many supervised learning tasks , the entities to be labeled are related to each other in complex ways and their labels are not independent . for example , in hypertext classification , the labels of linked pages are highly correlated . a standard approach is to classify each entity independently , ignoring the correlations between them . recently , probabilistic relational models , a relational version of bayesian networks , were used to define a joint prob ←
→ automatic quality assessment for speech translation using joint asr and mt features ; this paper addresses automatic quality assessment of spoken language translation ( slt ). this relatively new task is defined and formalized as a sequence labeling problem where each word in the slt hypothesis is tagged as good or bad according to a large feature set . we propose several word confidence estimators ( wce ) based on our automatic evaluation of transcription ( asr ) quality , translation ( mt ) quality , or both ( comb ←
→ simultaneous stereo video deblurring and scene flow estimation ; videos for outdoor scene often show unpleasant blur effects due to the large relative motion between the camera and the dynamic objects and large depth variations . existing works typically focus monocular video deblurring . in this paper , we propose a novel approach to deblurring from stereo videos . in particular , we exploit the piece - wise planar assumption about the scene and leverage the scene flow information to deblur the image . unlike the ←
→ predicting station - level hourly demands in a large - scale bike - sharing network : a graph convolutional neural network approach ; bike sharing is a vital piece in a modern multi - modal transportation system . however , it suffers from the bike unbalancing problem due to fluctuating spatial and temporal demands . accurate bike sharing demand predictions can help operators to make optimal routes and schedules for bike redistributions , and therefore enhance the system efficiency . in this study , we propose a novel g ←
→ mapping subsets of scholarly information ; we illustrate the use of machine learning techniques to analyze , structure , maintain , and evolve a large online corpus of academic literature . an emerging field of research can be identified as part of an existing corpus , permitting the implementation of a more coherent community structure for its practitioners .←
→ learning deep disentangled embeddings with the f - statistic loss ; deep - embedding methods aim to discover representations of a domain that make explicit the domain ' s class structure . disentangling methods aim to make explicit compositional or factorial structure . we combine these two active but independent lines of research and propose a new paradigm for discovering disentangled representations of class structure ; these representations reveal the underlying factors that jointly determine class . we propose an ←
→ on the distribution of salient objects in web images and its influence on salient object detection ; it has become apparent that a gaussian center bias can serve as an important prior for visual saliency detection , which has been demonstrated for predicting human eye fixations and salient object detection . tseng et al . have shown that the photographer ' s tendency to place interesting objects in the center is a likely cause for the center bias of eye fixations . we investigate the influence of the photograph ←
→ robust causal estimation in the large - sample limit without strict faithfulness ; causal effect estimation from observational data is an important and much studied research topic . the instrumental variable ( iv ) and local causal discovery ( lcd ) patterns are canonical examples of settings where a closed - form expression exists for the causal effect of one variable on another , given the presence of a third variable . both rely on faithfulness to infer that the latter only influences the target effect via the ca ←
→ generalizable data - free objective for crafting universal adversarial perturbations ; machine learning models are susceptible to adversarial perturbations : small changes to input that can cause large changes in output . it is also demonstrated that there exist input - agnostic perturbations , called universal adversarial perturbations , which can change the inference of target model on most of the data samples . however , existing methods to craft universal perturbations are ( i ) task specific , ( ii ) require sample ←
→ analyzing learned convnet features with dirichlet process gaussian mixture models ; convolutional neural networks ( convnets ) have achieved good results in a range of computer vision tasks the recent years . though given a lot of attention , visualizing the learned representations to interpret convnets , still remains a challenging task . the high dimensionality of internal representations and the high abstractions of deep layers are the main challenges when visualizing convnet functionality . we present in thi ←
→ evolutionary learning of fire fighting strategies ; the dynamic problem of enclosing an expanding fire can be modelled by a discrete variant in a grid graph . while the fire expands to all neighbouring cells in any time step , the fire fighter is allowed to block $ c $ cells in the average outside the fire in the same time interval . it was shown that the success of the fire fighter is guaranteed for $ c > 1 . 5 $ but no strategy can enclose the fire for $ c \ leq 1 . 5 $. for achieving such a critical threshold the correct ←
→ how ( not ) to train your generative model : scheduled sampling , likelihood , adversary ? ; modern applications and progress in deep learning research have created renewed interest for generative models of text and of images . however , even today it is unclear what objective functions one should use to train and evaluate these models . in this paper we present two contributions . firstly , we present a critique of scheduled sampling , a state - of - the - art training method that contributed to the winning entry to the ←
→ statistical sign language machine translation : from english written text to american sign language gloss ; this works aims to design a statistical machine translation from english text to american sign language ( asl ). the system is based on moses tool with some modifications and the results are synthesized through a 3d avatar for interpretation . first , we translate the input text to gloss , a written form of asl . second , we pass the output to the websign plug - in to play the sign . contributions of this work ←
→ automatic rule extraction from long short term memory networks ; although deep learning models have proven effective at solving problems in natural language processing , the mechanism by which they come to their conclusions is often unclear . as a result , these models are generally treated as black boxes , yielding no insight of the underlying learned patterns . in this paper we consider long short term memory networks ( lstms ) and demonstrate a new approach for tracking the importance of a given input to the ls ←
→ near - optimal adversarial policy switching for decentralized asynchronous multi - agent systems ; a key challenge in multi - robot and multi - agent systems is generating solutions that are robust to other self - interested or even adversarial parties who actively try to prevent the agents from achieving their goals . the practicality of existing works addressing this challenge is limited to only small - scale synchronous decision - making scenarios or a single agent planning its best response against a single adversar ←
→ semi - supervised active clustering with weak oracles ; semi - supervised active clustering ( ssac ) utilizes the knowledge of a domain expert to cluster data points by interactively making pairwise " same - cluster " queries . however , it is impractical to ask human oracles to answer every pairwise query . in this paper , we study the influence of allowing " not - sure " answers from a weak oracle and propose algorithms to efficiently handle uncertainties . different types of model assumptions are analyzed to cover realisti ←
→ learning hard alignments with variational inference ; there has recently been significant interest in hard attention models for tasks such as object recognition , visual captioning and speech recognition . hard attention can offer benefits over soft attention such as decreased computational cost , but training hard attention models can be difficult because of the discrete latent variables they introduce . previous work used reinforce and q - learning to approach these issues , but those methods can provide high - va ←
→ affine invariant , model - based object recognition using robust metrics and bayesian statistics ; we revisit the problem of model - based object recognition for intensity images and attempt to address some of the shortcomings of existing bayesian methods , such as unsuitable priors and the treatment of residuals with a non - robust error norm . we do so by using a refor - mulation of the huber metric and carefully chosen prior distributions . our proposed method is invariant to 2 - dimensional affine transforma - tion ←
→ graph convolution : a high - order and adaptive approach ; in this paper , we presented a novel convolutional neural network framework for graph modeling , with the introduction of two new modules specially designed for graph - structured data : the $ k $- th order convolution operator and the adaptive filtering module . importantly , our framework of high - order and adaptive graph convolutional network ( ha - gcn ) is a general - purposed architecture that fits various applications on both node and graph centrics , as well as ←
→ building ontologies to understand spoken tunisian dialect ; this paper presents a method to understand spoken tunisian dialect based on lexical semantic . this method takes into account the specificity of the tunisian dialect which has no linguistic processing tools . this method is ontology - based which allows exploiting the ontological concepts for semantic annotation and ontological relations for speech interpretation . this combination increases the rate of comprehension and limits the dependence on linguis ←
→ persistent homology of attractors for action recognition ; in this paper , we propose a novel framework for dynamical analysis of human actions from 3d motion capture data using topological data analysis . we model human actions using the topological features of the attractor of the dynamical system . we reconstruct the phase - space of time series corresponding to actions using time - delay embedding , and compute the persistent homology of the phase - space reconstruction . in order to better represent the topologic ←
→ community aware random walk for network embedding ; social network analysis provides meaningful information about behavior of network members that can be used for diverse applications such as classification , link prediction . however , network analysis is computationally expensive because of feature learning for different applications . in recent years , many researches have focused on feature learning methods in social networks . network embedding represents the network in a lower dimensional representation spa ←
→ shape from shading through shape evolution ; in this paper , we address the shape - from - shading problem by training deep networks with synthetic images . unlike conventional approaches that combine deep learning and synthetic imagery , we propose an approach that does not need any external shape dataset to render synthetic images . our approach consists of two synergistic processes : the evolution of complex shapes from simple primitives , and the training of a deep network for shape - from - shading . the evolution ge ←
→ collaborative deep learning for recommender systems ; collaborative filtering ( cf ) is a successful approach commonly used by many recommender systems . conventional cf - based methods use the ratings given to items by users as the sole source of information for learning to make recommendation . however , the ratings are often very sparse in many applications , causing cf - based methods to degrade significantly in their recommendation performance . to address this sparsity problem , auxiliary information such as item ←
→ hsr : l1 / 2 regularized sparse representation for fast face recognition using hierarchical feature selection ; in this paper , we propose a novel method for fast face recognition called l1 / 2 regularized sparse representation using hierarchical feature selection ( hsr ). by employing hierarchical feature selection , we can compress the scale and dimension of global dictionary , which directly contributes to the decrease of computational cost in sparse representation that our approach is strongly rooted in . it con ←
→ introduction to multi - agent simulation ; when designing systems that are complex , dynamic and stochastic in nature , simulation is generally recognised as one of the best design support technologies , and a valuable aid in the strategic and tactical decision making process . a simulation model consists of a set of rules that define how a system changes over time , given its current state . unlike analytical models , a simulation model is not solved but is run and the changes of system states can be observed at an ←
→ generating images with recurrent adversarial networks ; gatys et al . ( 2015 ) showed that optimizing pixels to match features in a convolutional network with respect reference image features is a way to render images of high visual quality . we show that unrolling this gradient - based optimization yields a recurrent computation that creates images by incrementally adding onto a visual " canvas ". we propose a recurrent generative model inspired by this view , and show that it can be trained using adversarial train ←
→ context - aware trajectory prediction ; human motion and behaviour in crowded spaces is influenced by several factors , such as the dynamics of other moving agents in the scene , as well as the static elements that might be perceived as points of attraction or obstacles . in this work , we present a new model for human trajectory prediction which is able to take advantage of both human - human and human - space interactions . the future trajectory of humans , are generated by observing their past positions and interact ←
→ enhancing the performance of convolutional neural networks on quality degraded datasets ; despite the appeal of deep neural networks that largely replace the traditional handmade filters , they still suffer from isolated cases that cannot be properly handled only by the training of convolutional filters . abnormal factors , including real - world noise , blur , or other quality degradations , ruin the output of a neural network . these unexpected problems can produce critical complications , and it is surprising th ←
→ towards the use of deep reinforcement learning with global policy for query - based extractive summarisation ; supervised approaches for text summarisation suffer from the problem of mismatch between the target labels / scores of individual sentences and the evaluation score of the final summary . reinforcement learning can solve this problem by providing a learning mechanism that uses the score of the final summary as a guide to determine the decisions made at the time of selection of each sentence . in this p ←
→ watersheds on edge or node weighted graphs " par l ' exemple " ; watersheds have been defined both for node and edge weighted graphs . we show that they are identical : for each edge ( resp .\ node ) weighted graph exists a node ( resp . edge ) weighted graph with the same minima and catchment basin .←
→ abductive logic programs with penalization : semantics , complexity and implementation ; abduction , first proposed in the setting of classical logics , has been studied with growing interest in the logic programming area during the last years . in this paper we study abduction with penalization in the logic programming framework . this form of abductive reasoning , which has not been previously analyzed in logic programming , turns out to represent several relevant problems , including optimization problems , ve ←
→ a hybrid approach to domain - specific entity linking ; the current state - of - the - art entity linking ( el ) systems are geared towards corpora that are as heterogeneous as the web , and therefore perform sub - optimally on domain - specific corpora . a key open problem is how to construct effective el systems for specific domains , as knowledge of the local context should in principle increase , rather than decrease , effectiveness . in this paper we propose the hybrid use of simple specialist linkers in combination with ←
→ intelligent decision : towards interpreting the pe algorithm ; the human intelligence lies in the algorithm , the nature of algorithm lies in the classification , and the classification is equal to outlier detection . a lot of algorithms have been proposed to detect outliers , meanwhile a lot of definitions . unsatisfying point is that definitions seem vague , which makes the solution an ad hoc one . we analyzed the nature of outliers , and give two clear definitions . we then develop an efficient rdd algorithm , whic ←
→ human disease diagnosis using a fuzzy expert system ; human disease diagnosis is a complicated process and requires high level of expertise . any attempt of developing a web - based expert system dealing with human disease diagnosis has to overcome various difficulties . this paper describes a project work aiming to develop a web - based fuzzy expert system for diagnosing human diseases . now a days fuzzy systems are being used successfully in an increasing number of application areas ; they use linguistic rules to ←
→ deep supervision for pancreatic cyst segmentation in abdominal ct scans ; automatic segmentation of an organ and its cystic region is a prerequisite of computer - aided diagnosis . in this paper , we focus on pancreatic cyst segmentation in abdominal ct scan . this task is important and very useful in clinical practice yet challenging due to the low contrast in boundary , the variability in location , shape and the different stages of the pancreatic cancer . inspired by the high relevance between the location of a ←
→ high - performance fpga implementation of equivariant adaptive separation via independence algorithm for independent component analysis ; independent component analysis ( ica ) is a dimensionality reduction technique that can boost efficiency of machine learning models that deal with probability density functions , e . g . bayesian neural networks . algorithms that implement adaptive ica converge slower than their nonadaptive counterparts , however , they are capable of tracking changes in underlying distributions o ←
→ modeling target - side inflection in neural machine translation ; nmt systems have problems with large vocabulary sizes . byte - pair encoding ( bpe ) is a popular approach to solving this problem , but while bpe allows the system to generate any target - side word , it does not enable effective generalization over the rich vocabulary in morphologically rich languages with strong inflectional phenomena . we introduce a simple approach to overcome this problem by training a system to produce the lemma of a word and its ←
→ toward a general , scaleable framework for bayesian teaching with applications to topic models ; machines , not humans , are the world ' s dominant knowledge accumulators but humans remain the dominant decision makers . interpreting and disseminating the knowledge accumulated by machines requires expertise , time , and is prone to failure . the problem of how best to convey accumulated knowledge from computers to humans is a critical bottleneck in the broader application of machine learning . we propose an approach ←
→ direct method for training feed - forward neural networks using batch extended kalman filter for multi - step - ahead predictions ; this paper is dedicated to the long - term , or multi - step - ahead , time series prediction problem . we propose a novel method for training feed - forward neural networks , such as multilayer perceptrons , with tapped delay lines . special batch calculation of derivatives called forecasted propagation through time and batch modification of the extended kalman filter are introduced . experiment ←
→ differentially private online learning ; in this paper , we consider the problem of preserving privacy in the online learning setting . we study the problem in the online convex programming ( ocp ) framework --- a popular online learning setting with several interesting theoretical and practical implications --- while using differential privacy as the formal privacy measure . for this problem , we distill two critical attributes that a private ocp algorithm should have in order to provide reasonable privacy as well a ←
→ determining the best classifier for predicting the value of a boolean field on a blood donor database ; motivation : thanks to digitization , we often have access to large databases , consisting of various fields of information , ranging from numbers to texts and even boolean values . such databases lend themselves especially well to machine learning , classification and big data analysis tasks . we are able to train classifiers , using already existing data and use them for predicting the values of a certain fie ←
→ dynamic input structure and network assembly for few - shot learning ; the ability to learn from a small number of examples has been a difficult problem in machine learning since its inception . while methods have succeeded with large amounts of training data , research has been underway in how to accomplish similar performance with fewer examples , known as one - shot or more generally few - shot learning . this technique has been shown to have promising performance , but in practice requires fixed - size inputs making ←
→ multisegmentation through wavelets : comparing the efficacy of daubechies vs coiflets ; in this paper , we carry out a comparative study of the efficacy of wavelets belonging to daubechies and coiflet family in achieving image segmentation through a fast statistical algorithm . the fact that wavelets belonging to daubechies family optimally capture the polynomial trends and those of coiflet family satisfy mini - max condition , makes this comparison interesting . in the context of the present algorithm , it is fou ←
→ artificial neural network based modelling approach for municipal solid waste gasification in a fluidized bed reactor ; in this paper , multi - layer feed forward neural networks are used to predict the lower heating value of gas ( lhv ), lower heating value of gasification products including tars and entrained char ( lhvp ) and syngas yield during gasification of municipal solid waste ( msw ) during gasification in a fluidized bed reactor . these artificial neural networks ( anns ) with different architectures are tr ←
→ hindsight experience replay ; dealing with sparse rewards is one of the biggest challenges in reinforcement learning ( rl ). we present a novel technique called hindsight experience replay which allows sample - efficient learning from rewards which are sparse and binary and therefore avoid the need for complicated reward engineering . it can be combined with an arbitrary off - policy rl algorithm and may be seen as a form of implicit curriculum . we demonstrate our approach on the task of manipulating objects wit ←
→ scaling text with the class affinity model ; probabilistic methods for classifying text form a rich tradition in machine learning and natural language processing . for many important problems , however , class prediction is uninteresting because the class is known , and instead the focus shifts to estimating latent quantities related to the text , such as affect or ideology . we focus on one such problem of interest , estimating the ideological positions of 55 irish legislators in the 1991 d \' ail confidence vote . ←
→ stability of phase retrievable frames ; in this paper we study the property of phase retrievability by redundant sysems of vectors under perturbations of the frame set . specifically we show that if a set $\ fc $ of $ m $ vectors in the complex hilbert space of dimension n allows for vector reconstruction from magnitudes of its coefficients , then there is a perturbation bound $\ rho $ so that any frame set within $\ rho $ from $\ fc $ has the same property . in particular this proves the recent construction in \ cite { bh ←
→ sequential extensions of causal and evidential decision theory ; moving beyond the dualistic view in ai where agent and environment are separated incurs new challenges for decision making , as calculation of expected utility is no longer straightforward . the non - dualistic decision theory literature is split between causal decision theory and evidential decision theory . we extend these decision algorithms to the sequential setting where the agent alternates between taking actions and observing their consequen ←
→ latent intention dialogue models ; developing a dialogue agent that is capable of making autonomous decisions and communicating by natural language is one of the long - term goals of machine learning research . traditional approaches either rely on hand - crafting a small state - action set for applying reinforcement learning that is not scalable or constructing deterministic models for learning dialogue sentences that fail to capture natural conversational variability . in this paper , we propose a latent intention ←
→ kernel ridge regression via partitioning ; in this paper , we investigate a divide and conquer approach to kernel ridge regression ( krr ). given n samples , the division step involves separating the points based on some underlying disjoint partition of the input space ( possibly via clustering ), and then computing a krr estimate for each partition . the conquering step is simple : for each partition , we only consider its own local estimate for prediction . we establish conditions under which we can give generaliza ←
→ convergence of gradient descent on separable data ; the implicit bias of gradient descent is not fully understood even in simple linear classification tasks ( e . g ., logistic regression ). soudry et al . ( 2018 ) studied this bias on separable data , where there are multiple solutions that correctly classify the data . it was found that , when optimizing monotonically decreasing loss functions with exponential tails using gradient descent , the linear classifier specified by the gradient descent iterates converge to ←
→ a higher - order active contour model of a ` gas of circles ' and its application to tree crown extraction ; many image processing problems involve identifying the region in the image domain occupied by a given entity in the scene . automatic solution of these problems requires models that incorporate significant prior knowledge about the shape of the region . many methods for including such knowledge run into difficulties when the topology of the region is unknown a priori , for example when the entity is compo ←
→ out - of - sample extension for dimensionality reduction of noisy time series ; this paper proposes an out - of - sample extension framework for a global manifold learning algorithm ( isomap ) that uses temporal information in out - of - sample points in order to make the embedding more robust to noise and artifacts . given a set of noise - free training data and its embedding , the proposed framework extends the embedding for a noisy time series . this is achieved by adding a spatio - temporal compactness term to the optimiz ←
→ likely to stop ? predicting stopout in massive open online courses ; understanding why students stopout will help in understanding how students learn in moocs . in this report , part of a 3 unit compendium , we describe how we build accurate predictive models of mooc student stopout . we document a scalable , stopout prediction methodology , end to end , from raw source data to model analysis . we attempted to predict stopout for the fall 2012 offering of 6 . 002x . this involved the meticulous and crowd - sourced engine ←
→ on modeling vagueness and uncertainty in data - to - text systems through fuzzy sets ; vagueness and uncertainty management is counted among one of the challenges that remain unresolved in systems that generate texts from non - linguistic data , known as data - to - text systems . in the last decade , work in fuzzy linguistic summarization and description of data has raised the interest of using fuzzy sets to model and manage the imprecision of human language in data - to - text systems . however , despite some research in ←
→ the automatic inference of state invariants in tim ; as planning is applied to larger and richer domains the effort involved in constructing domain descriptions increases and becomes a significant burden on the human application designer . if general planners are to be applied successfully to large and complex domains it is necessary to provide the domain designer with some assistance in building correctly encoded domains . one way of doing this is to provide domain - independent techniques for extracting , from ←
→ induction of interpretable possibilistic logic theories from relational data ; the field of statistical relational learning ( srl ) is concerned with learning probabilistic models from relational data . learned srl models are typically represented using some kind of weighted logical formulas , which make them considerably more interpretable than those obtained by e . g . neural networks . in practice , however , these models are often still difficult to interpret correctly , as they can contain many formulas that in ←
→ building a truly distributed constraint solver with jade ; real life problems such as scheduling meeting between people at different locations can be modelled as distributed constraint satisfaction problems ( csps ). suitable and satisfactory solutions can then be found using constraint satisfaction algorithms which can be exhaustive ( backtracking ) or otherwise ( local search ). however , most research in this area tested their algorithms by simulation on a single pc with a single program entry point . the main c ←
→ efficient inference in occlusion - aware generative models of images ; we present a generative model of images based on layering , in which image layers are individually generated , then composited from front to back . we are thus able to factor the appearance of an image into the appearance of individual objects within the image --- and additionally for each individual object , we can factor content from pose . unlike prior work on layered models , we learn a shape prior for each object / layer , allowing the model t ←
→ uncertainty in soft temporal constraint problems : a general framework and controllability algorithms forthe fuzzy case ; in real - life temporal scenarios , uncertainty and preferences are often essential and coexisting aspects . we present a formalism where quantitative temporal constraints with both preferences and uncertainty can be defined . we show how three classical notions of controllability ( that is , strong , weak , and dynamic ), which have been developed for uncertain temporal problems , can be generaliz ←
→ neural machine translation advised by statistical machine translation ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) is a new approach to machine translation that has made great progress in recent years . however , recent studies show that nmt generally produces fluent but inadequate translations ( tu et al . 2016b ; tu et al . 2016a ; he et al . 2016 ; tu et al . 2017 ). this is in contrast to conventional statistical machine translation ( smt ), which usually yields adequate but non - fluent translations . it is natural , therefore , ←
→ extending consequence - based reasoning to sriq ; consequence - based calculi are a family of reasoning algorithms for description logics ( dls ), and they combine hypertableau and resolution in a way that often achieves excellent performance in practice . up to now , however , they were proposed for either horn dls ( which do not support disjunction ), or for dls without counting quantifiers . in this paper we present a novel consequence - based calculus for sriq --- a rich dl that supports both features . this extension i ←
→ exploiting local structures with the kronecker layer in convolutional networks ; in this paper , we propose and study a technique to reduce the number of parameters and computation time in convolutional neural networks . we use kronecker product to exploit the local structures within convolution and fully - connected layers , by replacing the large weight matrices by combinations of multiple kronecker products of smaller matrices . just as the kronecker product is a generalization of the outer product from vect ←
→ weighted unsupervised learning for 3d object detection ; this paper introduces a novel weighted unsupervised learning for object detection using an rgb - d camera . this technique is feasible for detecting the moving objects in the noisy environments that are captured by an rgb - d camera . the main contribution of this paper is a real - time algorithm for detecting each object using weighted clustering as a separate cluster . in a preprocessing step , the algorithm calculates the pose 3d position x , y , z and rgb col ←
→ attribute recognition by joint recurrent learning of context and correlation ; recognising semantic pedestrian attributes in surveillance images is a challenging task for computer vision , particularly when the imaging quality is poor with complex background clutter and uncontrolled viewing conditions , and the number of labelled training data is small . in this work , we formulate a joint recurrent learning ( jrl ) model for exploring attribute context and correlation in order to improve attribute recognition ←
→ a cellular automaton based controller for a ms . pac - man agent ; video games can be used as an excellent test bed for artificial intelligence ( ai ) techniques . they are challenging and non - deterministic , this makes it very difficult to write strong ai players . an example of such a video game is ms . pac - man . in this paper we will outline some of the previous techniques used to build ai controllers for ms . pac - man as well as presenting a new and novel solution . my technique utilises a cellular automaton ( ca ) to ←
→ deepr : a convolutional net for medical records ; feature engineering remains a major bottleneck when creating predictive systems from electronic medical records . at present , an important missing element is detecting predictive regular clinical motifs from irregular episodic records . we present deepr ( short for deep record ), a new end - to - end deep learning system that learns to extract features from medical records and predicts future risk automatically . deepr transforms a record into a sequence of discrete e ←
→ human detection for night surveillance using adaptive background subtracted image ; surveillance based on computer vision has become a major necessity in current era . most of the surveillance systems operate on visible light imaging , but performance based on visible light imaging is limited due to some factors like variation in light intensity during the daytime . the matter of concern lies in the need for processing images in low light , such as in the need of nighttime surveillance . in this paper , we have ←
→ modelling office energy consumption : an agent based approach ; in this paper , we develop an agent - based model which integrates four important elements , i . e . organisational energy management policies / regulations , energy management technologies , electric appliances and equipment , and human behaviour , based on a case study , to simulate the energy consumption in office buildings . with the model , we test the effectiveness of different energy management strategies , and solve practical office energy consumption pr ←
→ integrating prosodic and lexical cues for automatic topic segmentation ; we present a probabilistic model that uses both prosodic and lexical cues for the automatic segmentation of speech into topically coherent units . we propose two methods for combining lexical and prosodic information using hidden markov models and decision trees . lexical information is obtained from a speech recognizer , and prosodic features are extracted automatically from speech waveforms . we evaluate our approach on the broadcast new ←
→ action understanding with multiple classes of actors ; despite the rapid progress , existing works on action understanding focus strictly on one type of action agent , which we call actor --- a human adult , ignoring the diversity of actions performed by other actors . to overcome this narrow viewpoint , our paper marks the first effort in the computer vision community to jointly consider algorithmic understanding of various types of actors undergoing various actions . to begin with , we collect a large annotated ac ←
→ estimating dynamic treatment regimes in mobile health using v - learning ; the vision for precision medicine is to use individual patient characteristics to inform a personalized treatment plan that leads to the best healthcare possible for each patient . mobile technologies have an important role to play in this vision as they offer a means to monitor a patient ' s health status in real - time and subsequently to deliver interventions if , when , and in the dose that they are needed . dynamic treatment regimes forma ←
→ weak evolvability equals strong evolvability ; an updated version will be uploaded later .←
→ efficient model - based deep reinforcement learning with variational state tabulation ; modern reinforcement learning algorithms reach super - human performance in many board and video games , but they are sample inefficient , i . e . they typically require significantly more playing experience than humans to reach an equal performance level . to improve sample efficiency , an agent may build a model of the environment and use planning methods to update its policy . in this article we introduce vast ( variational stat ←
→ shape from texture using locally scaled point processes ; shape from texture refers to the extraction of 3d information from 2d images with irregular texture . this paper introduces a statistical framework to learn shape from texture where convex texture elements in a 2d image are represented through a point process . in a first step , the 2d image is preprocessed to generate a probability map corresponding to an estimate of the unnormalized intensity of the latent point process underlying the texture elements ←
→ bayesian nonlinear support vector machines for big data ; we propose a fast inference method for bayesian nonlinear support vector machines that leverages stochastic variational inference and inducing points . our experiments show that the proposed method is faster than competing bayesian approaches and scales easily to millions of data points . it provides additional features over frequentist competitors such as accurate predictive uncertainty estimates and automatic hyperparameter search .←
→ a fractal dimension based optimal wavelet packet analysis technique for classification of meningioma brain tumours ; with the heterogeneous nature of tissue texture , using a single resolution approach for optimum classification might not suffice . in contrast , a multiresolution wavelet packet analysis can decompose the input signal into a set of frequency subbands giving the opportunity to characterise the texture at the appropriate frequency channel . an adaptive best bases algorithm for optimal bases sele ←
→ improved foreground detection via block - based classifier cascade with probabilistic decision integration ; background subtraction is a fundamental low - level processing task in numerous computer vision applications . the vast majority of algorithms process images on a pixel - by - pixel basis , where an independent decision is made for each pixel . a general limitation of such processing is that rich contextual information is not taken into account . we propose a block - based method capable of dealing with noise , i ←
→ linking generative adversarial learning and binary classification ; in this note , we point out a basic link between generative adversarial ( ga ) training and binary classification -- any powerful discriminator essentially computes an ( f -) divergence between real and generated samples . the result , repeatedly re - derived in decision theory , has implications for ga networks ( gans ), providing an alternative perspective on training f - gans by designing the discriminator loss function .←
→ acquiring knowledge for evaluation of teachers performance in higher education using a questionnaire ; in this paper , we present the step by step knowledge acquisition process by choosing a structured method through using a questionnaire as a knowledge acquisition tool . here we want to depict the problem domain as , how to evaluate teachers performance in higher education through the use of expert system technology . the problem is how to acquire the specific knowledge for a selected problem efficiently and ←
→ saliency revisited : analysis of mouse movements versus fixations ; this paper revisits visual saliency prediction by evaluating the recent advancements in this field such as crowd - sourced mouse tracking - based databases and contextual annotations . we pursue a critical and quantitative approach towards some of the new challenges including the quality of mouse tracking versus eye tracking for model training and evaluation . we extend quantitative evaluation of models in order to incorporate contextual informati ←
→ guaranteed sufficient decrease for stochastic variance reduced gradient optimization ; in this paper , we propose a novel sufficient decrease technique for stochastic variance reduced gradient descent methods such as svrg and saga . in order to make sufficient decrease for stochastic optimization , we design a new sufficient decrease criterion , which yields sufficient decrease versions of stochastic variance reduction algorithms such as svrg - sd and saga - sd as a byproduct . we introduce a coefficient to scale ←
→ deepprior ++: improving fast and accurate 3d hand pose estimation ; deepprior is a simple approach based on deep learning that predicts the joint 3d locations of a hand given a depth map . since its publication early 2015 , it has been outperformed by several impressive works . here we show that with simple improvements : adding resnet layers , data augmentation , and better initial hand localization , we achieve better or similar performance than more sophisticated recent methods on the three main benchmarks ( nyu ,←
→ deepdriving : learning affordance for direct perception in autonomous driving ; today , there are two major paradigms for vision - based autonomous driving systems : mediated perception approaches that parse an entire scene to make a driving decision , and behavior reflex approaches that directly map an input image to a driving action by a regressor . in this paper , we propose a third paradigm : a direct perception approach to estimate the affordance for driving . we propose to map an input image to a small number ←
→ template matching via densities on the roto - translation group ; we propose a template matching method for the detection of 2d image objects that are characterized by orientation patterns . our method is based on data representations via orientation scores , which are functions on the space of positions and orientations , and which are obtained via a wavelet - type transform . this new representation allows us to detect orientation patterns in an intuitive and direct way , namely via cross - correlations . additionall ←
→ multimodal sparse coding for event detection ; unsupervised feature learning methods have proven effective for classification tasks based on a single modality . we present multimodal sparse coding for learning feature representations shared across multiple modalities . the shared representations are applied to multimedia event detection ( med ) and evaluated in comparison to unimodal counterparts , as well as other feature learning methods such as gmm supervectors and sparse rbm . we report the cross - validated cl ←
→ linear stochastic approximation : constant step - size and iterate averaging ; we consider $ d $- dimensional linear stochastic approximation algorithms ( lsas ) with a constant step - size and the so called polyak - ruppert ( pr ) averaging of iterates . lsas are widely applied in machine learning and reinforcement learning ( rl ), where the aim is to compute an appropriate $\ theta_ {*} \ in \ mathbb { r }^ d $ ( that is an optimum or a fixed point ) using noisy data and $ o ( d )$ updates per iteration . in this paper , we are motivate ←
→ the world of fast moving objects ; the notion of a fast moving object ( fmo ), i . e . an object that moves over a distance exceeding its size within the exposure time , is introduced . fmos may , and typically do , rotate with high angular speed . fmos are very common in sports videos , but are not rare elsewhere . in a single frame , such objects are often barely visible and appear as semi - transparent streaks . a method for the detection and tracking of fmos is proposed . the method consists of three distinct algorith ←
→ observable dictionary learning for high - dimensional statistical inference ; this paper introduces a method for efficiently inferring a high - dimensional distributed quantity from a few observations . the quantity of interest ( qoi ) is approximated in a basis ( dictionary ) learned from a training set . the coefficients associated with the approximation of the qoi in the basis are determined by minimizing the misfit with the observations . to obtain a probabilistic estimate of the quantity of interest , a bayesian ←
→ fine - grained activity recognition with holistic and pose based features ; holistic methods based on dense trajectories are currently the de facto standard for recognition of human activities in video . whether holistic representations will sustain or will be superseded by higher level video encoding in terms of body pose and motion is the subject of an ongoing debate . in this paper we aim to clarify the underlying factors responsible for good performance of holistic and pose - based representations . to that en ←
→ noise facilitation in associative memories of exponential capacity ; recent advances in associative memory design through structured pattern sets and graph - based inference algorithms have allowed reliable learning and recall of an exponential number of patterns . although these designs correct external errors in recall , they assume neurons that compute noiselessly , in contrast to the highly variable neurons in brain regions thought to operate associatively such as hippocampus and olfactory cortex . here we ←
→ giant : globally improved approximate newton method for distributed optimization ; for distributed computing environments , we consider the canonical machine learning problem of empirical risk minimization ( erm ) with quadratic regularization , and we propose a distributed and communication - efficient newton - type optimization method . at every iteration , each worker locally finds an approximate newton ( ant ) direction , and then it sends this direction to the main driver . the driver , then , averages all the ant di ←
→ aveid : automatic video system for measuring engagement in dementia ; engagement in dementia is typically measured using behavior observational scales ( bos ) that are tedious and involve intensive manual labor to annotate , and are therefore not easily scalable . we propose aveid , a low cost and easy - to - use video - based engagement measurement tool to determine the engagement level of a person with dementia ( pwd ) during digital interaction . we show that the objective behavioral measures computed via aveid correla ←
→ an investigation into language complexity of world - of - warcraft game - external texts ; we present a language complexity analysis of world of warcraft ( wow ) community texts , which we compare to texts from a general corpus of web english . results from several complexity types are presented , including lexical diversity , density , readability and syntactic complexity . the language of wow texts is found to be comparable to the general corpus on some complexity measures , yet more specialized on other measures . our ←
→ poverty prediction with public landsat 7 satellite imagery and machine learning ; obtaining detailed and reliable data about local economic livelihoods in developing countries is expensive , and data are consequently scarce . previous work has shown that it is possible to measure local - level economic livelihoods using high - resolution satellite imagery . however , such imagery is relatively expensive to acquire , often not updated frequently , and is mainly available for recent years . we train cnn models on free ←
→ convolutional factor graphs as probabilistic models ; based on a recent development in the area of error control coding , we introduce the notion of convolutional factor graphs ( cfgs ) as a new class of probabilistic graphical models . in this context , the conventional factor graphs are referred to as multiplicative factor graphs ( mfgs ). this paper shows that cfgs are natural models for probability functions when summation of independent latent random variables is involved . in particular , cfgs capture a large ←
→ optimized look - ahead tree policies : a bridge between look - ahead tree policies and direct policy search ; direct policy search ( dps ) and look - ahead tree ( lt ) policies are two widely used classes of techniques to produce high performance policies for sequential decision - making problems . to make dps approaches work well , one crucial issue is to select an appropriate space of parameterized policies with respect to the targeted problem . a fundamental issue in lt approaches is that , to take good decisions , such ←
→ non - monotonic reasoning and the reversibility of belief change ; traditional approaches to non - monotonic reasoning fail to satisfy a number of plausible axioms for belief revision and suffer from conceptual difficulties as well . recent work on ranked preferential models ( rpms ) promises to overcome some of these difficulties . here we show that rpms are not adequate to handle iterated belief change . specifically , we show that rpms do not always allow for the reversibility of belief change . this result indicat ←
→ deep recurrent nmf for speech separation by unfolding iterative thresholding ; in this paper , we propose a novel recurrent neural network architecture for speech separation . this architecture is constructed by unfolding the iterations of a sequential iterative soft - thresholding algorithm ( ista ) that solves the optimization problem for sparse nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) of spectrograms . we name this network architecture deep recurrent nmf ( dr - nmf ). the proposed dr - nmf network has three distinct ←
→ parallel attention : a unified framework for visual object discovery through dialogs and queries ; recognising objects according to a pre - defined fixed set of class labels has been well studied in the computer vision . there are a great many practical applications where the subjects that may be of interest are not known beforehand , or so easily delineated , however . in many of these cases natural language dialog is a natural way to specify the subject of interest , and the task achieving this capability ( a . k .←
→ detectability thresholds and optimal algorithms for community structure in dynamic networks ; we study the fundamental limits on learning latent community structure in dynamic networks . specifically , we study dynamic stochastic block models where nodes change their community membership over time , but where edges are generated independently at each time step . in this setting ( which is a special case of several existing models ), we are able to derive the detectability threshold exactly , as a function of the ←
→ on self - adaptive mutation restarts for evolutionary robotics with real rotorcraft ; self - adaptive parameters are increasingly used in the field of evolutionary robotics , as they allow key evolutionary rates to vary autonomously in a context - sensitive manner throughout the optimisation process . a significant limitation to self - adaptive mutation is that rates can be set unfavourably , which hinders convergence . rate restarts are typically employed to remedy this , but thus far have only been applied in evolut ←
→ assessing the value of 3d reconstruction in building construction ; 3 - dimensional ( 3d ) reconstruction is an emerging field in image processing and computer vision that aims to create 3d visualizations / models of objects / scenes from image sets . however , its commercial applications and benefits are yet to be fully explored . in this paper , we describe ongoing work towards assessing the value of 3d reconstruction in the building construction domain . we present preliminary results from a user study , where our o ←
→ exactly robust kernel principal component analysis ; we propose a novel method called robust kernel principal component analysis ( rkpca ) to decompose a partially corrupted matrix as a sparse matrix plus a high or full - rank matrix whose columns are drawn from a nonlinear low - dimensional latent variable model . rkpca can be applied to many problems such as noise removal and subspace clustering and is so far the only unsupervised nonlinear method robust to sparse noises . we also provide theoretical guarantees f ←
→ student - t processes as alternatives to gaussian processes ; we investigate the student - t process as an alternative to the gaussian process as a nonparametric prior over functions . we derive closed form expressions for the marginal likelihood and predictive distribution of a student - t process , by integrating away an inverse wishart process prior over the covariance kernel of a gaussian process model . we show surprising equivalences between different hierarchical gaussian process models leading to student - t p ←
→ online convex optimization with unconstrained domains and losses ; we propose an online convex optimization algorithm ( rescaledexp ) that achieves optimal regret in the unconstrained setting without prior knowledge of any bounds on the loss functions . we prove a lower bound showing an exponential separation between the regret of existing algorithms that require a known bound on the loss functions and any algorithm that does not require such knowledge . rescaledexp matches this lower bound asymptotically in th ←
→ single pass pca of matrix products ; in this paper we present a new algorithm for computing a low rank approximation of the product $ a ^ tb $ by taking only a single pass of the two matrices $ a $ and $ b $. the straightforward way to do this is to ( a ) first sketch $ a $ and $ b $ individually , and then ( b ) find the top components using pca on the sketch . our algorithm in contrast retains additional summary information about $ a , b $ ( e . g . row and column norms etc .) and uses this additional information to obtain an impro ←
→ low data drug discovery with one - shot learning ; recent advances in machine learning have made significant contributions to drug discovery . deep neural networks in particular have been demonstrated to provide significant boosts in predictive power when inferring the properties and activities of small - molecule compounds . however , the applicability of these techniques has been limited by the requirement for large amounts of training data . in this work , we demonstrate how one - shot learning can be used to signi ←
→ hypertableau reasoning for description logics ; we present a novel reasoning calculus for the description logic shoiq ^+--- a knowledge representation formalism with applications in areas such as the semantic web . unnecessary nondeterminism and the construction of large models are two primary sources of inefficiency in the tableau - based reasoning calculi used in state - of - the - art reasoners . in order to reduce nondeterminism , we base our calculus on hypertableau and hyperresolution calculi , which we extend with ←
→ a pig , an angel and a cactus walk into a blender : a descriptive approach to visual blending ; a descriptive approach for automatic generation of visual blends is presented . the implemented system , the blender , is composed of two components : the mapper and the visual blender . the approach uses structured visual representations along with sets of visual relations which describe how the elements ( in which the visual representation can be decomposed ) relate among each other . our system is a hybrid blender , as ←
→ sparsity - based color image super resolution via exploiting cross channel constraints ; sparsity constrained single image super - resolution ( sr ) has been of much recent interest . a typical approach involves sparsely representing patches in a low - resolution ( lr ) input image via a dictionary of example lr patches , and then using the coefficients of this representation to generate the high - resolution ( hr ) output via an analogous hr dictionary . however , most existing sparse representation methods for super reso ←
→ deep regionlets for object detection ; a key challenge in generic object detection is being to handle large variations in object scale , poses , viewpoints , especially part deformations when determining the location for specified object categories . recent advances in deep neural networks have achieved promising results for object detection by extending the traditional detection methodologies using the convolutional neural network architectures . in this paper , we make an attempt to incorporate another traditio ←
→ efficient variational inference in large - scale bayesian compressed sensing ; we study linear models under heavy - tailed priors from a probabilistic viewpoint . instead of computing a single sparse most probable ( map ) solution as in standard deterministic approaches , the focus in the bayesian compressed sensing framework shifts towards capturing the full posterior distribution on the latent variables , which allows quantifying the estimation uncertainty and learning model parameters using maximum likelihood . ←
→ monocular 3d human pose estimation in the wild using improved cnn supervision ; we propose a cnn - based approach for 3d human body pose estimation from single rgb images that addresses the issue of limited generalizability of models trained solely on the starkly limited publicly available 3d pose data . using only the existing 3d pose data and 2d pose data , we show state - of - the - art performance on established benchmarks through transfer of learned features , while also generalizing to in - the - wild scenes . we f ←
→ bayesian approaches to distribution regression ; distribution regression has recently attracted much interest as a generic solution to the problem of supervised learning where labels are available at the group level , rather than at the individual level . current approaches , however , do not propagate the uncertainty in observations due to sampling variability in the groups . this effectively assumes that small and large groups are estimated equally well , and should have equal weight in the final regression . we ←
→ lig - cristal system for the wmt17 automatic post - editing task ; this paper presents the lig - cristal submission to the shared automatic post - editing task of wmt 2017 . we propose two neural post - editing models : a monosource model with a task - specific attention mechanism , which performs particularly well in a low - resource scenario ; and a chained architecture which makes use of the source sentence to provide extra context . this latter architecture manages to slightly improve our results when more training data ←
→ on formalizing fairness in prediction with machine learning ; machine learning algorithms for prediction are increasingly being used in critical decisions affecting human lives . various fairness formalizations , with no firm consensus yet , are employed to prevent such algorithms from systematically discriminating against people based on certain attributes protected by law . the aim of this article is to survey how fairness is formalized in the machine learning literature for the task of prediction and present ←
→ an attentive neural architecture for joint segmentation and parsing and its application to real estate ads ; in processing human produced text using natural language processing ( nlp ) techniques , two fundamental subtasks that arise are ( i ) segmentation of the plain text into meaningful subunits ( e . g ., entities ), and ( ii ) dependency parsing , to establish relations between subunits . in this paper , we develop a relatively simple and effective neural joint model that performs both segmentation and dependency p ←
→ adversarial examples in the physical world ; most existing machine learning classifiers are highly vulnerable to adversarial examples . an adversarial example is a sample of input data which has been modified very slightly in a way that is intended to cause a machine learning classifier to misclassify it . in many cases , these modifications can be so subtle that a human observer does not even notice the modification at all , yet the classifier still makes a mistake . adversarial examples pose security concerns ←
→ detecting spammers via aggregated historical data set ; the battle between email service providers and senders of mass unsolicited emails ( spam ) continues to gain traction . vast numbers of spam emails are sent mainly from automatic botnets distributed over the world . one method for mitigating spam in a computationally efficient manner is fast and accurate blacklisting of the senders . in this work we propose a new sender reputation mechanism that is based on an aggregated historical data - set which encodes th ←
→ multi - style generative network for real - time transfer ; despite the rapid progress in style transfer , existing approaches using feed - forward generative network for multi - style or arbitrary - style transfer are usually compromised of image quality and model flexibility . we find it is fundamentally difficult to achieve comprehensive style modeling using 1 - dimensional style embedding . motivated by this , we introduce comatch layer that learns to match the second order feature statistics with the target styles . wi ←
→ adaptive classification for prediction under a budget ; we propose a novel adaptive approximation approach for test - time resource - constrained prediction . given an input instance at test - time , a gating function identifies a prediction model for the input among a collection of models . our objective is to minimize overall average cost without sacrificing accuracy . we learn gating and prediction models on fully labeled training data by means of a bottom - up strategy . our novel bottom - up method first trains a hig ←
→ a provably convergent alternating minimization method for mean field inference ; mean - field is an efficient way to approximate a posterior distribution in complex graphical models and constitutes the most popular class of bayesian variational approximation methods . in most applications , the mean field distribution parameters are computed using an alternate coordinate minimization . however , the convergence properties of this algorithm remain unclear . in this paper , we show how , by adding an appropriate pen ←
→ side information in robust principal component analysis : algorithms and applications ; robust principal component analysis ( rpca ) aims at recovering a low - rank subspace from grossly corrupted high - dimensional ( often visual ) data and is a cornerstone in many machine learning and computer vision applications . even though rpca has been shown to be very successful in solving many rank minimisation problems , there are still cases where degenerate or suboptimal solutions are obtained . this is likely to be remed ←
→ interactive unawareness revisited ; we analyze a model of interactive unawareness introduced by heifetz , meier and schipper ( hms ). we consider two axiomatizations for their model , which capture different notions of validity . these axiomatizations allow us to compare the hms approach to both the standard ( s5 ) epistemic logic and two other approaches to unawareness : that of fagin and halpern and that of modica and rustichini . we show that the differences between the hms approach and the others are mainly due ←
→ learning with the weighted trace - norm under arbitrary sampling distributions ; we provide rigorous guarantees on learning with the weighted trace - norm under arbitrary sampling distributions . we show that the standard weighted trace - norm might fail when the sampling distribution is not a product distribution ( i . e . when row and column indexes are not selected independently ), present a corrected variant for which we establish strong learning guarantees , and demonstrate that it works better in practice . we pr ←
→ modeling of social transitions using intelligent systems ; in this study , we reproduce two new hybrid intelligent systems , involve three prominent intelligent computing and approximate reasoning methods : self organizing feature map ( som ), neruo - fuzzy inference system and rough set theory ( rst ), called sonfis and sorst . we show how our algorithms can be construed as a linkage of government - society interactions , where government catches various states of behaviors : solid ( absolute ) or flexible . so , transition ←
→ toward negotiable reinforcement learning : shifting priorities in pareto optimal sequential decision - making ; existing multi - objective reinforcement learning ( morl ) algorithms do not account for objectives that arise from players with differing beliefs . concretely , consider two players with different beliefs and utility functions who may cooperate to build a machine that takes actions on their behalf . a representation is needed for how much the machine ' s policy will prioritize each player ' s interests over ←
→ multi - armed bandits in metric spaces ; in a multi - armed bandit problem , an online algorithm chooses from a set of strategies in a sequence of trials so as to maximize the total payoff of the chosen strategies . while the performance of bandit algorithms with a small finite strategy set is quite well understood , bandit problems with large strategy sets are still a topic of very active investigation , motivated by practical applications such as online auctions and web advertisement . the goal of such research is ←
→ defining relative likelihood in partially - ordered preferential structures ; starting with a likelihood or preference order on worlds , we extend it to a likelihood ordering on sets of worlds in a natural way , and examine the resulting logic . lewis ( 1973 ) earlier considered such a notion of relative likelihood in the context of studying counterfactuals , but he assumed a total preference order on worlds . complications arise when examining partial orders that are not present for total orders . there are subtle ←
→ fashionbrain project : a vision for understanding europe ' s fashion data universe ; a core business in the fashion industry is the understanding and prediction of customer needs and trends . search engines and social networks are at the same time a fundamental bridge and a costly middleman between the customer ' s purchase intention and the retailer . to better exploit europe ' s distinctive characteristics e . g ., multiple languages , fashion and cultural differences , it is pivotal to reduce retailers ' dependence t ←
→ efficient regression in metric spaces via approximate lipschitz extension ; we present a framework for performing efficient regression in general metric spaces . roughly speaking , our regressor predicts the value at a new point by computing a lipschitz extension --- the smoothest function consistent with the observed data --- after performing structural risk minimization to avoid overfitting . we obtain finite - sample risk bounds with minimal structural and noise assumptions , and a natural speed - precision tr ←
→ learning with spectral kernels and heavy - tailed data ; two ubiquitous aspects of large - scale data analysis are that the data often have heavy - tailed properties and that diffusion - based or spectral - based methods are often used to identify and extract structure of interest . perhaps surprisingly , popular distribution - independent methods such as those based on the vc dimension fail to provide nontrivial results for even simple learning problems such as binary classification in these two settings . in this paper ,←
→ single - channel multi - talker speech recognition with permutation invariant training ; although great progresses have been made in automatic speech recognition ( asr ), significant performance degradation is still observed when recognizing multi - talker mixed speech . in this paper , we propose and evaluate several architectures to address this problem under the assumption that only a single channel of mixed signal is available . our technique extends permutation invariant training ( pit ) by introducing the front -←
→ real - time anomaly detection and localization in crowded scenes ; in this paper , we propose a method for real - time anomaly detection and localization in crowded scenes . each video is defined as a set of non - overlapping cubic patches , and is described using two local and global descriptors . these descriptors capture the video properties from different aspects . by incorporating simple and cost - effective gaussian classifiers , we can distinguish normal activities and anomalies in videos . the local and global fea ←
→ depth reconstruction and computer - aided polyp detection in optical colonoscopy video frames ; we present a computer - aided detection algorithm for polyps in optical colonoscopy images . polyps are the precursors to colon cancer . in the us alone , more than 14 million optical colonoscopies are performed every year , mostly to screen for polyps . optical colonoscopy has been shown to have an approximately 25 % polyp miss rate due to the convoluted folds and bends present in the colon . in this work , we present an ←
→ toxtrac : a fast and robust software for tracking organisms ; 1 . behavioral analysis based on video recording is becoming increasingly popular within research fields such as ; ecology , medicine , ecotoxicology , and toxicology . however , the programs available to analyze the data , which are ; free of cost , user - friendly , versatile , robust , fast and provide reliable statistics for different organisms ( invertebrates , vertebrates and mammals ) are significantly limited . 2 . we present an automated open - source execut ←
→ detecting and ordering adjectival scalemates ; this paper presents a pattern - based method that can be used to infer adjectival scales , such as < lukewarm , warm , hot >, from a corpus . specifically , the proposed method uses lexical patterns to automatically identify and order pairs of scalemates , followed by a filtering phase in which unrelated pairs are discarded . for the filtering phase , several different similarity measures are implemented and compared . the model presented in this paper is evaluated using th ←
→ exact block - wise optimization in group lasso and sparse group lasso for linear regression ; the group lasso is a penalized regression method , used in regression problems where the covariates are partitioned into groups to promote sparsity at the group level . existing methods for finding the group lasso estimator either use gradient projection methods to update the entire coefficient vector simultaneously at each step , or update one group of coefficients at a time using an inexact line search to approximat ←
→ prosodic features from large corpora of child - directed speech as predictors of the age of acquisition of words ; the impressive ability of children to acquire language is a widely studied phenomenon , and the factors influencing the pace and patterns of word learning remains a subject of active research . although many models predicting the age of acquisition of words have been proposed , little emphasis has been directed to the raw input children achieve . in this work we present a comparatively large - scale ←
→ deep ordinal ranking for multi - category diagnosis of alzheimer ' s disease using hippocampal mri data ; increasing effort in brain image analysis has been dedicated to early diagnosis of alzheimer ' s disease ( ad ) based on neuroimaging data . most existing studies have been focusing on binary classification problems , e . g ., distinguishing ad patients from normal control ( nc ) elderly or mild cognitive impairment ( mci ) individuals from nc elderly . however , identifying individuals with ad and mci , especially mci i ←
→ sentence segmentation in narrative transcripts from neuropsychological tests using recurrent convolutional neural networks ; automated discourse analysis tools based on natural language processing ( nlp ) aiming at the diagnosis of language - impairing dementias generally extract several textual metrics of narrative transcripts . however , the absence of sentence boundary segmentation in the transcripts prevents the direct application of nlp methods which rely on these marks to function properly , such as tagger ←
→ backdoors into heterogeneous classes of sat and csp ; in this paper we extend the classical notion of strong and weak backdoor sets for sat and csp by allowing that different instantiations of the backdoor variables result in instances that belong to different base classes ; the union of the base classes forms a heterogeneous base class . backdoor sets to heterogeneous base classes can be much smaller than backdoor sets to homogeneous ones , hence they are much more desirable but possibly harder to find . we dr ←
→ generalizable features from unsupervised learning ; humans learn a predictive model of the world and use this model to reason about future events and the consequences of actions . in contrast to most machine predictors , we exhibit an impressive ability to generalize to unseen scenarios and reason intelligently in these settings . one important aspect of this ability is physical intuition ( lake et al ., 2016 ). in this work , we explore the potential of unsupervised learning to find features that promote better ge ←
→ kernels for vector - valued functions : a review ; kernel methods are among the most popular techniques in machine learning . from a frequentist / discriminative perspective they play a central role in regularization theory as they provide a natural choice for the hypotheses space and the regularization functional through the notion of reproducing kernel hilbert spaces . from a bayesian / generative perspective they are the key in the context of gaussian processes , where the kernel function is also known as the cova ←
→ scaling the indian buffet process via submodular maximization ; inference for latent feature models is inherently difficult as the inference space grows exponentially with the size of the input data and number of latent features . in this work , we use kurihara & welling ( 2008 )' s maximization - expectation framework to perform approximate map inference for linear - gaussian latent feature models with an indian buffet process ( ibp ) prior . this formulation yields a submodular function of the features that correspon ←
→ co - fusion : real - time segmentation , tracking and fusion of multiple objects ; in this paper we introduce co - fusion , a dense slam system that takes a live stream of rgb - d images as input and segments the scene into different objects ( using either motion or semantic cues ) while simultaneously tracking and reconstructing their 3d shape in real time . we use a multiple model fitting approach where each object can move independently from the background and still be effectively tracked and its shape fused over ti ←
→ sparse convex clustering ; convex clustering , a convex relaxation of k - means clustering and hierarchical clustering , has drawn recent attentions since it nicely addresses the instability issue of traditional nonconvex clustering methods . although its computational and statistical properties have been recently studied , the performance of convex clustering has not yet been investigated in the high - dimensional clustering scenario , where the data contains a large number of features and many of them carry no inf ←
→ tight lower bound on the probability of a binomial exceeding its expectation ; we give the proof of a tight lower bound on the probability that a binomial random variable exceeds its expected value . the inequality plays an important role in a variety of contexts , including the analysis of relative deviation bounds in learning theory and generalization bounds for unbounded loss functions .←
→ imagination - augmented agents for deep reinforcement learning ; we introduce imagination - augmented agents ( i2as ), a novel architecture for deep reinforcement learning combining model - free and model - based aspects . in contrast to most existing model - based reinforcement learning and planning methods , which prescribe how a model should be used to arrive at a policy , i2as learn to interpret predictions from a learned environment model to construct implicit plans in arbitrary ways , by using the predictions as addi ←
→ fast and accurate image super - resolution with deep laplacian pyramid networks ; convolutional neural networks have recently demonstrated high - quality reconstruction for single image super - resolution . however , existing methods often require a large number of network parameters and entail heavy computational loads at runtime for generating high - accuracy super - resolution results . in this paper , we propose the deep laplacian pyramid super - resolution network for fast and accurate image super - resolution . the pr ←
→ a generic bet - and - run strategy for speeding up traveling salesperson and minimum vertex cover ; a common strategy for improving optimization algorithms is to restart the algorithm when it is believed to be trapped in an inferior part of the search space . however , while specific restart strategies have been developed for specific problems ( and specific algorithms ), restarts are typically not regarded as a general tool to speed up an optimization algorithm . in fact , many optimization algorithms do not emplo ←
→ toxicity prediction using deep learning ; everyday we are exposed to various chemicals via food additives , cleaning and cosmetic products and medicines -- and some of them might be toxic . however testing the toxicity of all existing compounds by biological experiments is neither financially nor logistically feasible . therefore the government agencies nih , epa and fda launched the tox21 data challenge within the " toxicology in the 21st century " ( tox21 ) initiative . the goal of this challenge was to assess the ←
→ a comprehensive study of deep bidirectional lstm rnns for acoustic modeling in speech recognition ; we present a comprehensive study of deep bidirectional long short - term memory ( lstm ) recurrent neural network ( rnn ) based acoustic models for automatic speech recognition ( asr ). we study the effect of size and depth and train models of up to 8 layers . we investigate the training aspect and study different variants of optimization methods , batching , truncated backpropagation , different regularization techniq ←
→ domain specialization : a post - training domain adaptation for neural machine translation ; domain adaptation is a key feature in machine translation . it generally encompasses terminology , domain and style adaptation , especially for human post - editing workflows in computer assisted translation ( cat ). with neural machine translation ( nmt ), we introduce a new notion of domain adaptation that we call " specialization " and which is showing promising results both in the learning speed and in adaptation accuracy . ←
→ multi - stage classifier design ; in many classification systems , sensing modalities have different acquisition costs . it is often {\ it unnecessary } to use every modality to classify a majority of examples . we study a multi - stage system in a prediction time cost reduction setting , where the full data is available for training , but for a test example , measurements in a new modality can be acquired at each stage for an additional cost . we seek decision rules to reduce the average measurement acquisition cost . w ←
→ extrinsic calibration of 3d range finder and camera without auxiliary object or human intervention ; fusion of heterogeneous extroceptive sensors is the most effient and effective way to representing the environment precisely , as it overcomes various defects of each homogeneous sensor . the rigid transformation ( aka . extrinsic parameters ) of heterogeneous sensory systems should be available before precisely fusing the multisensor information . researchers have proposed several approaches to estimating the e ←
→ nonlinear unsupervised clustering of hyperspectral images with applications to anomaly detection and active learning ; the problem of unsupervised learning and segmentation of hyperspectral images is a significant challenge in remote sensing . the high dimensionality of hyperspectral data , presence of substantial noise , and overlap of classes all contribute to the difficulty of automatically clustering and segmenting hyperspectral images . in this article , we propose an unsupervised learning technique that ←
→ classifying single - trial eeg during motor imagery with a small training set ; before the operation of a motor imagery based brain - computer interface ( bci ) adopting machine learning techniques , a cumbersome training procedure is unavoidable . the development of a practical bci posed the challenge of classifying single - trial eeg with a small training set . in this letter , we addressed this problem by employing a series of signal processing and machine learning approaches to alleviate overfitting and obtained ←
→ budget constraints in prediction markets ; we give a detailed characterization of optimal trades under budget constraints in a prediction market with a cost - function - based automated market maker . we study how the budget constraints of individual traders affect their ability to impact the market price . as a concrete application of our characterization , we give sufficient conditions for a property we call budget additivity : two traders with budgets b and b ' and the same beliefs would have a combined impact eq ←
→ distributed kernel regression : an algorithm for training collaboratively ; this paper addresses the problem of distributed learning under communication constraints , motivated by distributed signal processing in wireless sensor networks and data mining with distributed databases . after formalizing a general model for distributed learning , an algorithm for collaboratively training regularized kernel least - squares regression estimators is derived . noting that the algorithm can be viewed as an application of su ←
→ toward the implementation of functions in the dlv system ( preliminary technical report ) ; this document describes the functions as they are treated in the dlv system . we give first the language , then specify the main implementation issues .←
→ feature selection via l1 - penalized squared - loss mutual information ; feature selection is a technique to screen out less important features . many existing supervised feature selection algorithms use redundancy and relevancy as the main criteria to select features . however , feature interaction , potentially a key characteristic in real - world problems , has not received much attention . as an attempt to take feature interaction into account , we propose l1 - lsmi , an l1 - regularization based algorithm that maximizes ←
→ normative engineering risk management systems ; this paper describes a normative system design that incorporates diagnosis , dynamic evolution , decision making , and information gathering . a single influence diagram demonstrates the design ' s coherence , yet each activity is more effectively modeled and evaluated separately . application to offshore oil platforms illustrates the design . for this application , the normative system is embedded in a real - time expert system .←
→ recognizing daily activities from egocentric photo - streams ; wearable cameras can gather large amounts of image data that provide rich visual information about the daily activities of the wearer . motivated by the large number of health applications that could be enabled by the automatic recognition of daily activities , such as lifestyle characterization for habit improvement , context - aware personal assistance and tele - rehabilitation services , we propose a system to classify 21 daily activities from photo - st ←
→ human interaction with recommendation systems : on bias and exploration ; recommendation systems rely on historical user data to provide suggestions . we propose an explicit and simple model for the interaction between users and recommendations provided by a platform , and relate this model to the multi - armed bandit literature . first , we show that this interaction leads to a bias in naive estimators due to selection effects . this bias leads to suboptimal outcomes , which we quantify in terms of linear regret . w ←
→ battrae : bidimensional attention - based recursive autoencoders for learning bilingual phrase embeddings ; in this paper , we propose a bidimensional attention based recursive autoencoder ( battrae ) to integrate clues and sourcetarget interactions at multiple levels of granularity into bilingual phrase representations . we employ recursive autoencoders to generate tree structures of phrases with embeddings at different levels of granularity ( e . g ., words , sub - phrases and phrases ). over these embeddings on the s ←
→ joint semantic synthesis and morphological analysis of the derived word ; much like sentences are composed of words , words themselves are composed of smaller units . for example , the english word questionably can be analyzed as question + able + ly . however , this structural decomposition of the word does not directly give us a semantic representation of the word ' s meaning . since morphology obeys the principle of compositionality , the semantics of the word can be systematically derived from the meaning of its par ←
→ extracting hierarchies of search tasks & subtasks via a bayesian nonparametric approach ; a significant amount of search queries originate from some real world information need or tasks . in order to improve the search experience of the end users , it is important to have accurate representations of tasks . as a result , significant amount of research has been devoted to extracting proper representations of tasks in order to enable search systems to help users complete their tasks , as well as providing the en ←
→ multiple instance dictionary learning using functions of multiple instances ; a multiple instance dictionary learning method using functions of multiple instances ( dl - fumi ) is proposed to address target detection and two - class classification problems with inaccurate training labels . given inaccurate training labels , dl - fumi learns a set of target dictionary atoms that describe the most distinctive and representative features of the true positive class as well as a set of nontarget dictionary atoms that ac ←
→ learning to rank from medical imaging data ; medical images can be used to predict a clinical score coding for the severity of a disease , a pain level or the complexity of a cognitive task . in all these cases , the predicted variable has a natural order . while a standard classifier discards this information , we would like to take it into account in order to improve prediction performance . a standard linear regression does model such information , however the linearity assumption is likely not be satisfied whe ←
→ riffled independence for efficient inference with partial rankings ; distributions over rankings are used to model data in a multitude of real world settings such as preference analysis and political elections . modeling such distributions presents several computational challenges , however , due to the factorial size of the set of rankings over an item set . some of these challenges are quite familiar to the artificial intelligence community , such as how to compactly represent a distribution over a combinatori ←
→ domain - independent optimistic initialization for reinforcement learning ; in reinforcement learning ( rl ), it is common to use optimistic initialization of value functions to encourage exploration . however , such an approach generally depends on the domain , viz ., the scale of the rewards must be known , and the feature representation must have a constant norm . we present a simple approach that performs optimistic initialization with less dependence on the domain .←
→ the 3rd international planning competition : results and analysis ; this paper reports the outcome of the third in the series of biennial international planning competitions , held in association with the international conference on ai planning and scheduling ( aips ) in 2002 . in addition to describing the domains , the planners and the objectives of the competition , the paper includes analysis of the results . the results are analysed from several perspectives , in order to address the questions of comparative pe ←
→ sparse canonical correlation analysis ; we present a novel method for solving canonical correlation analysis ( cca ) in a sparse convex framework using a least squares approach . the presented method focuses on the scenario when one is interested in ( or limited to ) a primal representation for the first view while having a dual representation for the second view . sparse cca ( scca ) minimises the number of features used in both the primal and dual projections while maximising the correlation between the two views ←
→ quantitative analysis of particles segregation ; segregation is a popular phenomenon . it has considerable effects on material performance . to the author ' s knowledge , there is still no automated objective quantitative indicator for segregation . in order to full fill this task , segregation of particles is analyzed . edges of the particles are extracted from the digital picture . then , the whole picture of particles is splintered to small rectangles with the same shape . statistical index of the edges in each rec ←
→ reduction of behavior of additive cellular automata on groups ; a class of additive cellular automata ( aca ) on a finite group is defined by an index - group $\ m g $ and a finite field $\ m f_p $ for a prime modulus $ p $ \ cite { bul_arch_1 }. this paper deals mainly with aca on infinite commutative groups and direct products of them with some non commutative $ p $- groups . it appears that for all abelian groups , the rules and initial states with finite supports define behaviors which being restricted to some infinite re ←
→ stacked transfer learning for tropical cyclone intensity prediction ; tropical cyclone wind - intensity prediction is a challenging task considering drastic changes climate patterns over the last few decades . in order to develop robust prediction models , one needs to consider different characteristics of cyclones in terms of spatial and temporal characteristics . transfer learning incorporates knowledge from a related source dataset to compliment a target datasets especially in cases where there is lack or dat ←
→ a framework for the analysis of computational imaging systems with practical applications ; over the last decade , a number of computational imaging ( ci ) systems have been proposed for tasks such as motion deblurring , defocus deblurring and multispectral imaging . these techniques increase the amount of light reaching the sensor via multiplexing and then undo the deleterious effects of multiplexing by appropriate reconstruction algorithms . given the widespread appeal and the considerable enthusiasm generate ←
→ online learning without prior information ; the vast majority of optimization and online learning algorithms today require some prior information about the data ( often in the form of bounds on gradients or on the optimal parameter value ). when this information is not available , these algorithms require laborious manual tuning of various hyperparameters , motivating the search for algorithms that can adapt to the data with no prior information . we describe a frontier of new lower bounds on the performance of ←
→ the stixel world : a medium - level representation of traffic scenes ; recent progress in advanced driver assistance systems and the race towards autonomous vehicles is mainly driven by two factors : ( 1 ) increasingly sophisticated algorithms that interpret the environment around the vehicle and react accordingly , and ( 2 ) the continuous improvements of sensor technology itself . in terms of cameras , these improvements typically include higher spatial resolution , which as a consequence requires more data to be pro ←
→ generalizing skills with semi - supervised reinforcement learning ; deep reinforcement learning ( rl ) can acquire complex behaviors from low - level inputs , such as images . however , real - world applications of such methods require generalizing to the vast variability of the real world . deep networks are known to achieve remarkable generalization when provided with massive amounts of labeled data , but can we provide this breadth of experience to an rl agent , such as a robot ? the robot might continuously learn as i ←
→ arrays of ( locality - sensitive ) count estimators ( ace ): high - speed anomaly detection via cache lookups ; anomaly detection is one of the frequent and important subroutines deployed in large - scale data processing systems . even being a well - studied topic , existing techniques for unsupervised anomaly detection require storing significant amounts of data , which is prohibitive from memory and latency perspective . in the big - data world existing methods fail to address the new set of memory and latency constraint ←
→ on the fusion of compton scatter and attenuation data for limited - view x - ray tomographic applications ; in this paper we demonstrate the utility of fusing energy - resolved observations of compton scattered photons with traditional attenuation data for the joint recovery of mass density and photoelectric absorption in the context of limited view tomographic imaging applications . we begin with the development of a physical and associated numerical model for the compton scatter process . using this model , we p ←
→ deep semantics - aware photo adjustment ; automatic photo adjustment is to mimic the photo retouching style of professional photographers and automatically adjust photos to the learned style . there have been many attempts to model the tone and the color adjustment globally with low - level color statistics . also , spatially varying photo adjustment methods have been studied by exploiting high - level features and semantic label maps . those methods are semantics - aware since the color mapping is dependent on the hig ←
→ black - box testing of first - order logic ontologies using wordnet ; artificial intelligence aims to provide computer programs with commonsense knowledge to reason about our world . this paper offers a new practical approach towards automated commonsense reasoning with first - order logic ( fol ) ontologies . we propose a new black - box testing methodology of fol sumo - based ontologies by exploiting wordnet and its mapping into sumo . our proposal includes a method for the ( semi -) automatic creation of a very large benc ←
→ a unified semi - supervised dimensionality reduction framework for manifold learning ; we present a general framework of semi - supervised dimensionality reduction for manifold learning which naturally generalizes existing supervised and unsupervised learning frameworks which apply the spectral decomposition . algorithms derived under our framework are able to employ both labeled and unlabeled examples and are able to handle complex problems where data form separate clusters of manifolds . our framework offers ←
→ compressive sensing via low - rank gaussian mixture models ; we develop a new compressive sensing ( cs ) inversion algorithm by utilizing the gaussian mixture model ( gmm ). while the compressive sensing is performed globally on the entire image as implemented in our lensless camera , a low - rank gmm is imposed on the local image patches . this low - rank gmm is derived via eigenvalue thresholding of the gmm trained on the projection of the measurement data , thus learned {\ em in situ }. the gmm and the projection of th ←
→ detect , replace , refine : deep structured prediction for pixel wise labeling ; pixel wise image labeling is an interesting and challenging problem with great significance in the computer vision community . in order for a dense labeling algorithm to be able to achieve accurate and precise results , it has to consider the dependencies that exist in the joint space of both the input and the output variables . an implicit approach for modeling those dependencies is by training a deep neural network that , given as ←
→ performance evaluation of road traffic control using a fuzzy cellular model ; in this paper a method is proposed for performance evaluation of road traffic control systems . the method is designed to be implemented in an on - line simulation environment , which enables optimisation of adaptive traffic control strategies . performance measures are computed using a fuzzy cellular traffic model , formulated as a hybrid system combining cellular automata and fuzzy calculus . experimental results show that the introd ←
→ chatpainter : improving text to image generation using dialogue ; synthesizing realistic images from text descriptions on a dataset like microsoft common objects in context ( ms coco ), where each image can contain several objects , is a challenging task . prior work has used text captions to generate images . however , captions might not be informative enough to capture the entire image and insufficient for the model to be able to understand which objects in the images correspond to which words in the captions . w ←
→ generative convolutional networks for latent fingerprint reconstruction ; performance of fingerprint recognition depends heavily on the extraction of minutiae points . enhancement of the fingerprint ridge pattern is thus an essential pre - processing step that noticeably reduces false positive and negative detection rates . a particularly challenging setting is when the fingerprint images are corrupted or partially missing . in this work , we apply generative convolutional networks to denoise visible minutiae and ←
→ zero - shot visual recognition using semantics - preserving adversarial embedding network ; we propose a novel framework called semantics - preserving adversarial embedding network ( sp - aen ) for zero - shot visual recognition ( zsl ), where test images and their classes are both unseen during training . sp - aen aims to tackle the inherent problem --- semantic loss --- in the prevailing family of embedding - based zsl , where some semantics would be discarded during training if they are non - discriminative for training cla ←
→ gaussian process for noisy inputs with ordering constraints ; we study the gaussian process regression model in the context of training data with noise in both input and output . the presence of two sources of noise makes the task of learning accurate predictive models extremely challenging . however , in some instances additional constraints may be available that can reduce the uncertainty in the resulting predictive models . in particular , we consider the case of monotonically ordered latent input , which occu ←
→ a comparative analysis of retrieval techniques in content based image retrieval ; basic group of visual techniques such as color , shape , texture are used in content based image retrievals ( cbir ) to retrieve query image or subregion of image to find similar images in image database . to improve query result , relevance feedback is used many times in cbir to help user to express their preference and improve query results . in this paper , a new approach for image retrieval is proposed which is based on the featu ←
→ proposal for automatic license and number plate recognition system for vehicle identification ; in this paper , we propose an automatic and mechanized license and number plate recognition ( lnpr ) system which can extract the license plate number of the vehicles passing through a given location using image processing algorithms . no additional devices such as gps or radio frequency identification ( rfid ) need to be installed for implementing the proposed system . using special cameras , the system takes pictures ←
→ non - local patch regression : robust image denoising in patch space ; it was recently demonstrated in [ chaudhury et al ., non - local euclidean medians , 2012 ] that the denoising performance of non - local means ( nlm ) can be improved at large noise levels by replacing the mean by the robust euclidean median . numerical experiments on synthetic and natural images showed that the latter consistently performed better than nlm beyond a certain noise level , and significantly so for images with sharp edges . the euclidean me ←
→ multi - agent shape formation and tracking inspired from a social foraging dynamics ; principle of swarm intelligence has recently found widespread application in formation control and automated tracking by the automated multi - agent system . this article proposes an elegant and effective method inspired by foraging dynamics to produce geometric - patterns by the search agents . starting from a random initial orientation , it is investigated how the foraging dynamics can be modified to achieve convergence of the ←
→ automatable evaluation method oriented toward behaviour believability for video games ; classic evaluation methods of believable agents are time - consuming because they involve many human to judge agents . they are well suited to validate work on new believable behaviours models . however , during the implementation , numerous experiments can help to improve agents ' believability . we propose a method which aim at assessing how much an agent ' s behaviour looks like humans ' behaviours . by representing behaviours ←
→ sparse coding on symmetric positive definite manifolds using bregman divergences ; this paper introduces sparse coding and dictionary learning for symmetric positive definite ( spd ) matrices , which are often used in machine learning , computer vision and related areas . unlike traditional sparse coding schemes that work in vector spaces , in this paper we discuss how spd matrices can be described by sparse combination of dictionary atoms , where the atoms are also spd matrices . we propose to seek sparse coding ←
→ a multi - instance deep neural network classifier : application to higgs boson cp measurement ; we investigate properties of a classifier applied to the measurements of the cp state of the higgs boson in $ h \ rightarrow \ tau \ tau $ decays . the problem is framed as binary classifier applied to individual instances . then the prior knowledge that the instances belong to the same class is used to define the multi - instance classifier . its final score is calculated as multiplication of single instance scores for a give ←
→ attention based convolutional neural network for predicting rna - protein binding sites ; rna - binding proteins ( rbps ) play crucial roles in many biological processes , e . g . gene regulation . computational identification of rbp binding sites on rnas are urgently needed . in particular , rbps bind to rnas by recognizing sequence motifs . thus , fast locating those motifs on rna sequences is crucial and time - efficient for determining whether the rnas interact with the rbps or not . in this study , we present an attent ←
→ generating context - appropriate word orders in turkish ; turkish has considerably freer word order than english . the interpretations of different word orders in turkish rely on information that describes how a sentence relates to its discourse context . to capture the syntactic features of a free word order language , i present an adaptation of combinatory categorial grammars called {}- ccgs ( set - ccgs ). in {}- ccgs , a verb ' s subcategorization requirements are relaxed so that it requires a set of arguments withou ←
→ estimators for stochastic `` unification - based '' grammars ; log - linear models provide a statistically sound framework for stochastic `` unification - based '' grammars ( subgs ) and stochastic versions of other kinds of grammars . we describe two computationally - tractable ways of estimating the parameters of such grammars from a training corpus of syntactic analyses , and apply these to estimate a stochastic version of lexical - functional grammar .←
→ polysemy detection in distributed representation of word sense ; in this paper , we propose a statistical test to determine whether a given word is used as a polysemic word or not . the statistic of the word in this test roughly corresponds to the fluctuation in the senses of the neighboring words a nd the word itself . even though the sense of a word corresponds to a single vector , we discuss how polysemy of the words affects the position of vectors . finally , we also explain the method to detect this effect .←
→ simultaneous independent image display technique on multiple 3d objects ; we propose a new system to visualize depth - dependent patterns and images on solid objects with complex geometry using multiple projectors . the system , despite consisting of conventional passive lcd projectors , is able to project different images and patterns depending on the spatial location of the object . the technique is based on the simple principle that multiple patterns projected from multiple projectors interfere constructively ←
→ stream packing for asynchronous multi - context systems using asp ; when a processing unit relies on data from external streams , we may face the problem that the stream data needs to be rearranged in a way that allows the unit to perform its task ( s ). on arrival of new data , we must decide whether there is sufficient information available to start processing or whether to wait for more data . furthermore , we need to ensure that the data meets the input specification of the processing step . in the case of multip ←
→ particle filter re - detection for visual tracking via correlation filters ; most of the correlation filter based tracking algorithms can achieve good performance and maintain fast computational speed . however , in some complicated tracking scenes , there is a fatal defect that causes the object to be located inaccurately . in order to address this problem , we propose a particle filter redetection based tracking approach for accurate object localization . during the tracking process , the kernelized correlation fi ←
→ s - net : from answer extraction to answer generation for machine reading comprehension ; in this paper , we present a novel approach to machine reading comprehension for the ms - marco dataset . unlike the squad dataset that aims to answer a question with exact text spans in a passage , the ms - marco dataset defines the task as answering a question from multiple passages and the words in the answer are not necessary in the passages . we therefore develop an extraction - then - synthesis framework to synthesize answers ←
→ evolving parsimonious networks by mixing activation functions ; neuroevolution methods evolve the weights of a neural network , and in some cases the topology , but little work has been done to analyze the effect of evolving the activation functions of individual nodes on network size , which is important when training networks with a small number of samples . in this work we extend the neuroevolution algorithm neat to evolve the activation function of neurons in addition to the topology and weights of the netw ←
→ on combinations of local theory extensions ; in this paper we study possibilities of efficient reasoning in combinations of theories over possibly non - disjoint signatures . we first present a class of theory extensions ( called local extensions ) in which hierarchical reasoning is possible , and give several examples from computer science and mathematics in which such extensions occur in a natural way . we then identify situations in which combinations of local extensions of a theory are again local extensions o ←
→ reading wikipedia to answer open - domain questions ; this paper proposes to tackle open - domain question answering using wikipedia as the unique knowledge source : the answer to any factoid question is a text span in a wikipedia article . this task of machine reading at scale combines the challenges of document retrieval ( finding the relevant articles ) with that of machine comprehension of text ( identifying the answer spans from those articles ). our approach combines a search component based on bigram hashing ←
→ latent gaussian process regression ; we introduce latent gaussian process regression which is a latent variable extension allowing modelling of non - stationary multi - modal processes using gps . the approach is built on extending the input space of a regression problem with a latent variable that is used to modulate the covariance function over the training data . we show how our approach can be used to model multi - modal and non - stationary processes . we exemplify the approach on a set of synthetic data and prov ←
→ user - friendly guarantees for the langevin monte carlo with inaccurate gradient ; in this paper , we revisit the recently established theoretical guarantees for the convergence of the langevin monte carlo algorithm of sampling from a smooth and ( strongly ) log - concave density . we improve , in terms of constants , the existing results when the accuracy of sampling is measured in the wasserstein distance and provide further insights on relations between , on the one hand , the langevin monte carlo for sampling and ←
→ document clustering based on topic maps ; importance of document clustering is now widely acknowledged by researchers for better management , smart navigation , efficient filtering , and concise summarization of large collection of documents like world wide web ( www ). the next challenge lies in semantically performing clustering based on the semantic contents of the document . the problem of document clustering has two main components : ( 1 ) to represent the document in such a form that inherently captures semant ←
→ a robust genetic algorithm for learning temporal specifications from data ; we consider the problem of mining signal temporal logical requirements from a dataset of regular ( good ) and anomalous ( bad ) trajectories of a dynamical system . we assume the training set to be labeled by human experts and that we have access only to a limited amount of data , typically noisy . we provide a systematic approach to synthesize both the syntactical structure and the parameters of the temporal logic formula using a two - st ←
→ restricted collapsed draw : accurate sampling for hierarchical chinese restaurant process hidden markov models ; we propose a restricted collapsed draw ( rcd ) sampler , a general markov chain monte carlo sampler of simultaneous draws from a hierarchical chinese restaurant process ( hcrp ) with restriction . models that require simultaneous draws from a hierarchical dirichlet process with restriction , such as infinite hidden markov models ( ihmm ), were difficult to enjoy benefits of \ markerg { the } hcrp due to comb ←
→ a hybrid monte carlo ant colony optimization approach for protein structure prediction in the hp model ; the hydrophobic - polar ( hp ) model has been widely studied in the field of protein structure prediction ( psp ) both for theoretical purposes and as a benchmark for new optimization strategies . in this work we introduce a new heuristics based on ant colony optimization ( aco ) and markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) that we called hybrid monte carlo ant colony optimization ( hmcaco ). we describe this method and c ←
→ hierarchical multinomial - dirichlet model for the estimation of conditional probability tables ; we present a novel approach for estimating conditional probability tables , based on a joint , rather than independent , estimate of the conditional distributions belonging to the same table . we derive exact analytical expressions for the estimators and we analyse their properties both analytically and via simulation . we then apply this method to the estimation of parameters in a bayesian network . given the struct ←
→ quality control in crowdsourced object segmentation ; this paper explores processing techniques to deal with noisy data in crowdsourced object segmentation tasks . we use the data collected with " click ' n ' cut ", an online interactive segmentation tool , and we perform several experiments towards improving the segmentation results . first , we introduce different superpixel - based techniques to filter users ' traces , and assess their impact on the segmentation result . second , we present different criteria to detect ←
→ iterative hypothesis testing for multi - object tracking in presence of features with variable reliability ; this paper assumes prior detections of multiple targets at each time instant , and uses a graph - based approach to connect those detections across time , based on their position and appearance estimates . in contrast to most earlier works in the field , our framework has been designed to exploit the appearance features , even when they are only sporadically available , or affected by a non - stationary noise ,←
→ super - resolution of spatiotemporal event - stream image captured by the asynchronous temporal contrast vision sensor ; super - resolution ( sr ) is a useful technology to generate a high - resolution ( hr ) visual output from the low - resolution ( lr ) visual inputs overcoming the physical limitations of the cameras . however , sr has not been applied to enhance the resolution of spatiotemporal event - stream images captured by the frame - free dynamic vision sensors ( dvss ). sr of event - stream image is fundamentally differe ←
→ balancing clusters to reduce response time variability in large scale image search ; many algorithms for approximate nearest neighbor search in high - dimensional spaces partition the data into clusters . at query time , in order to avoid exhaustive search , an index selects the few ( or a single ) clusters nearest to the query point . clusters are often produced by the well - known $ k $- means approach since it has several desirable properties . on the downside , it tends to produce clusters having quite different car ←
→ identification and classification of tcm syndrome types among patients with vascular mild cognitive impairment using latent tree analysis ; objective : to treat patients with vascular mild cognitive impairment ( vmci ) using tcm , it is necessary to classify the patients into tcm syndrome types and to apply different treatments to different types . we investigate how to properly carry out the classification using a novel data - driven method known as latent tree analysis . method : a cross - sectional survey on vm ←
→ stacked neural networks for end - to - end ciliary motion analysis ; cilia are hairlike structures protruding from nearly every cell in the body . diseases known as ciliopathies , where cilia function is disrupted , can result in a wide spectrum of disorders . however , most techniques for assessing ciliary motion rely on manual identification and tracking of cilia ; this process is laborious and error - prone , and does not scale well . even where automated ciliary motion analysis tools exist , their applicability is lim ←
→ approximate lifted inference with probabilistic databases ; this paper proposes a new approach for approximate evaluation of # p - hard queries with probabilistic databases . in our approach , every query is evaluated entirely in the database engine by evaluating a fixed number of query plans , each providing an upper bound on the true probability , then taking their minimum . we provide an algorithm that takes into account important schema information to enumerate only the minimal necessary plans among all possibl ←
→ exploring the statistical derivation of transformational rule sequences for part - of - speech tagging ; eric brill has recently proposed a simple and powerful corpus - based language modeling approach that can be applied to various tasks including part - of - speech tagging and building phrase structure trees . the method learns a series of symbolic transformational rules , which can then be applied in sequence to a test corpus to produce predictions . the learning process only requires counting matches for a given s ←
→ uniform inference for high - dimensional quantile regression : linear functionals and regression rank scores ; hypothesis tests in models whose dimension far exceeds the sample size can be formulated much like the classical studentized tests only after the initial bias of estimation is removed successfully . the theory of debiased estimators can be developed in the context of quantile regression models for a fixed quantile value . however , it is frequently desirable to formulate tests based on the quantile reg ←
→ per - block - convex data modeling by accelerated stochastic approximation ; applications involving dictionary learning , non - negative matrix factorization , subspace clustering , and parallel factor tensor decomposition tasks motivate well algorithms for per - block - convex and non - smooth optimization problems . by leveraging the stochastic approximation paradigm and first - order acceleration schemes , this paper develops an online and modular learning algorithm for a large class of non - convex data models , where convex ←
→ human activity recognition using robust adaptive privileged probabilistic learning ; in this work , a novel method based on the learning using privileged information ( lupi ) paradigm for recognizing complex human activities is proposed that handles missing information during testing . we present a supervised probabilistic approach that integrates lupi into a hidden conditional random field ( hcrf ) model . the proposed model is called hcrf + and may be trained using both maximum likelihood and maximum margin app ←
→ revisiting kernelized locality - sensitive hashing for improved large - scale image retrieval ; we present a simple but powerful reinterpretation of kernelized locality - sensitive hashing ( klsh ), a general and popular method developed in the vision community for performing approximate nearest - neighbor searches in an arbitrary reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ). our new perspective is based on viewing the steps of the klsh algorithm in an appropriately projected space , and has several key theoretical and p ←
→ image registration based flicker solving in video face replacement and analysis based sub - pixel image registration ; in this paper , a framework of video face replacement is proposed and it deals with the flicker of swapped face in video sequence . this framework contains two main innovations : 1 ) the technique of image registration is exploited to align the source and target video faces for eliminating the flicker or jitter of the segmented video face sequence ; 2 ) a fast subpixel image registration method i ←
→ conditional time series forecasting with convolutional neural networks ; we present a method for conditional time series forecasting based on the recent deep convolutional wavenet architecture . the proposed network contains stacks of dilated convolutions that allow it to access a broad range of history when forecasting ; multiple convolutional filters are applied in parallel to separate time series and allow for the fast processing of data and the exploitation of the correlation structure between the multiva ←
→ similarity - based text recognition by deeply supervised siamese network ; in this paper , we propose a new text recognition model based on measuring the visual similarity of text and predicting the content of unlabeled texts . first a siamese convolutional network is trained with deep supervision on a labeled training dataset . this network projects texts into a similarity manifold . the deeply supervised siamese network learns visual similarity of texts . then a k - nearest neighbor classifier is used to predict u ←
→ uniform generalization , concentration , and adaptive learning ; one fundamental goal in any learning algorithm is to mitigate its risk for overfitting . mathematically , this requires that the learning algorithm enjoys a small generalization risk , which is defined either in expectation or in probability . both types of generalization are commonly used in the literature . for instance , generalization in expectation has been used to analyze algorithms , such as ridge regression and sgd , whereas generalization in pr ←
→ clustering tree - structured data on manifold ; tree - structured data usually contain both topological and geometrical information , and are necessarily considered on manifold instead of euclidean space for appropriate data parameterization and analysis . in this study , we propose a novel tree - structured data parameterization , called topology - attribute matrix ( t - a matrix ), so the data clustering task can be conducted on matrix manifold . we incorporate the structure constraints embedded in data into the negative ←
→ intrinsically motivated acquisition of modular slow features for humanoids in continuous and non - stationary environments ; a compact information - rich representation of the environment , also called a feature abstraction , can simplify a robot ' s task of mapping its raw sensory inputs to useful action sequences . however , in environments that are non - stationary and only partially observable , a single abstraction is probably not sufficient to encode most variations . therefore , learning multiple sets of spatiall ←
→ product graph - based higher order contextual similarities for inexact subgraph matching ; many algorithms formulate graph matching as an optimization of an objective function of pairwise quantification of nodes and edges of two graphs to be matched . pairwise measurements usually consider local attributes but disregard contextual information involved in graph structures . we address this issue by proposing contextual similarities between pairs of nodes . this is done by considering the tensor product graph ( t ←
→ support spinor machine ; we generalize a support vector machine to a support spinor machine by using the mathematical structure of wedge product over vector machine in order to extend field from vector field to spinor field . the separated hyperplane is extended to kolmogorov space in time series data which allow us to extend a structure of support vector machine to a support tensor machine and a support tensor machine moduli space . our performance test on support spinor machine is done over one class classi ←
→ perception , attention , and resources : a decision - theoretic approach to graphics rendering ; we describe work to control graphics rendering under limited computational resources by taking a decision - theoretic perspective on perceptual costs and computational savings of approximations . the work extends earlier work on the control of rendering by introducing methods and models for computing the expected cost associated with degradations of scene components . the expected cost is computed by considering the pe ←
→ unsupervised 3d reconstruction from a single image via adversarial learning ; recent advancements in deep learning opened new opportunities for learning a high - quality 3d model from a single 2d image given sufficient training on large - scale data sets . however , the significant imbalance between available amount of images and 3d models , and the limited availability of labeled 2d image data ( i . e . manually annotated pairs between images and their corresponding 3d models ), severely impacts the training of most ←
→ fully convolutional networks to detect clinical dermoscopic features ; we use a pretrained fully convolutional neural network to detect clinical dermoscopic features from dermoscopy skin lesion images . we reformulate the superpixel classification task as an image segmentation problem , and extend a neural network architecture originally designed for image classification to detect dermoscopic features . specifically , we interpolate the feature maps from several layers in the network to match the size of the in ←
→ design and implementation of a 3d undersea camera system ; in this paper , we present the design and development of an undersea camera system . the goal of our system is to provide a 3d model of the undersea habitat in a long - term continuous manner . the most important feature of our system is the use of multiple cameras and multiple projectors , which is able to provide accurate 3d models with an accuracy of a millimeter . by introducing projectors in our system , we can use many different structured light metho ←
→ probabilistic parsing strategies ; we present new results on the relation between purely symbolic context - free parsing strategies and their probabilistic counter - parts . such parsing strategies are seen as constructions of push - down devices from grammars . we show that preservation of probability distribution is possible under two conditions , viz . the correct - prefix property and the property of strong predictiveness . these results generalize existing results in the literature that were obtained by considering ←
→ aspect - based relational sentiment analysis using a stacked neural network architecture ; sentiment analysis can be regarded as a relation extraction problem in which the sentiment of some opinion holder towards a certain aspect of a product , theme or event needs to be extracted . we present a novel neural architecture for sentiment analysis as a relation extraction problem that addresses this problem by dividing it into three subtasks : i ) identification of aspect and opinion terms , ii ) labeling of opinion ←
→ mazebase : a sandbox for learning from games ; this paper introduces mazebase : an environment for simple 2d games , designed as a sandbox for machine learning approaches to reasoning and planning . within it , we create 10 simple games embodying a range of algorithmic tasks ( e . g . if - then statements or set negation ). a variety of neural models ( fully connected , convolutional network , memory network ) are deployed via reinforcement learning on these games , with and without a procedurally generated curriculum . desp ←
→ balancing novelty and salience : adaptive learning to rank entities for timeline summarization of high - impact events ; long - running , high - impact events such as the boston marathon bombing often develop through many stages and involve a large number of entities in their unfolding . timeline summarization of an event by key sentences eases story digestion , but does not distinguish between what a user remembers and what she might want to re - check . in this work , we present a novel approach for timeline summariz ←
→ histogram of oriented depth gradients for action recognition ; in this paper , we report on experiments with the use of local measures for depth motion for visual action recognition from mpeg encoded rgbd video sequences . we show that such measures can be combined with local space - time video descriptors for appearance to provide a computationally efficient method for recognition of actions . fisher vectors are used for encoding and concatenating a depth descriptor with existing rgb local descriptors . we then ←
→ fast calculation of the knowledge gradient for optimization of deterministic engineering simulations ; a novel efficient method for computing the knowledge - gradient policy for continuous parameters ( kgcp ) for deterministic optimization is derived . the differences with expected improvement ( ei ), a popular choice for bayesian optimization of deterministic engineering simulations , are explored . both policies and the upper confidence bound ( ucb ) policy are compared on a number of benchmark functions including ←
→ learning mixture of gaussians with streaming data ; in this paper , we study the problem of learning a mixture of gaussians with streaming data : given a stream of $ n $ points in $ d $ dimensions generated by an unknown mixture of $ k $ spherical gaussians , the goal is to estimate the model parameters using a single pass over the data stream . we analyze a streaming version of the popular lloyd ' s heuristic and show that the algorithm estimates all the unknown centers of the component gaussians accurately if they ar ←
→ edge detection based on kernel density estimation ; edges of an image are considered a crucial type of information . these can be extracted by applying edge detectors with different methodology . edge detection is a vital step in computer vision tasks , because it is an essential issue for pattern recognition and visual interpretation . in this paper , we propose a new method for edge detection in images , based on the estimation by kernel of the probability density function . in our algorithm , pixels in the image ←
→ citlab argus for historical handwritten documents ; we describe citlab ' s recognition system for the htrts competition attached to the 13 . international conference on document analysis and recognition , icdar 2015 . the task comprises the recognition of historical handwritten documents . the core algorithms of our system are based on multi - dimensional recurrent neural networks ( mdrnn ) and connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ). the software modules behind that as well as the basic utility technologies are ←
→ data mining session - based patient reported outcomes ( pros ) in a mental health setting : toward data - driven clinical decision support and personalized treatment ; the cdoi outcome measure - a patient - reported outcome ( pro ) instrument utilizing direct client feedback - was implemented in a large , real - world behavioral healthcare setting in order to evaluate previous findings from smaller controlled studies . pros provide an alternative window into treatment effectiveness based on client perception and facil ←
→ modeling belief in dynamic systems , part ii : revision and update ; the study of belief change has been an active area in philosophy and ai . in recent years two special cases of belief change , belief revision and belief update , have been studied in detail . in a companion paper ( friedman & halpern , 1997 ), we introduce a new framework to model belief change . this framework combines temporal and epistemic modalities with a notion of plausibility , allowing us to examine the change of beliefs over time . in this p ←
→ image synthesis in multi - contrast mri with conditional generative adversarial networks ; acquiring images of the same anatomy with multiple different contrasts increases the diversity of diagnostic information available in an mr exam . yet , scan time limitations may prohibit acquisition of certain contrasts , and images for some contrast may be corrupted by noise and artifacts . in such cases , the ability to synthesize unacquired or corrupted contrasts from remaining contrasts can improve diagnostic utility .←
→ a bayesian encourages dropout ; dropout is one of the key techniques to prevent the learning from overfitting . it is explained that dropout works as a kind of modified l2 regularization . here , we shed light on the dropout from bayesian standpoint . bayesian interpretation enables us to optimize the dropout rate , which is beneficial for learning of weight parameters and prediction after learning . the experiment result also encourages the optimization of the dropout .←
→ automatic landmark annotation and dense correspondence registration for 3d human facial images ; dense surface registration of three - dimensional ( 3d ) human facial images holds great potential for studies of human trait diversity , disease genetics , and forensics . non - rigid registration is particularly useful for establishing dense anatomical correspondences between faces . here we describe a novel non - rigid registration method for fully automatic 3d facial image mapping . this method comprises two steps : fir ←
→ learning so ( 3 ) equivariant representations with spherical cnns ; we address the problem of 3d rotation equivariance in convolutional neural networks . 3d rotations have been a challenging nuisance in 3d classification tasks requiring higher capacity and extended data augmentation in order to tackle it . we model 3d data with multi - valued spherical functions and we propose a novel spherical convolutional network that implements exact convolutions on the sphere by realizing them in the spherical harmonic domain ←
→ data driven coded aperture design for depth recovery ; inserting a patterned occluder at the aperture of a camera lens has been shown to improve the recovery of depth map and all - focus image compared to a fully open aperture . however , design of the aperture pattern plays a very critical role . previous approaches for designing aperture codes make simple assumptions on image distributions to obtain metrics for evaluating aperture codes . however , real images may not follow those assumptions and hence the desig ←
→ a mixtures - of - experts framework for multi - label classification ; we develop a novel probabilistic approach for multi - label classification that is based on the mixtures - of - experts architecture combined with recently introduced conditional tree - structured bayesian networks . our approach captures different input - output relations from multi - label data using the efficient tree - structured classifiers , while the mixtures - of - experts architecture aims to compensate for the tree - structured restrictions and build a mo ←
→ blackwell approachability and low - regret learning are equivalent ; we consider the celebrated blackwell approachability theorem for two - player games with vector payoffs . we show that blackwell ' s result is equivalent , via efficient reductions , to the existence of " no - regret " algorithms for online linear optimization . indeed , we show that any algorithm for one such problem can be efficiently converted into an algorithm for the other . we provide a useful application of this reduction : the first efficient algor ←
→ transfer learning approach for financial applications ; artificial neural networks learn how to solve new problems through a computationally intense and time consuming process . one way to reduce the amount of time required is to inject preexisting knowledge into the network . to make use of past knowledge , we can take advantage of techniques that transfer the knowledge learned from one task , and reuse it on another ( sometimes unrelated ) task . in this paper we propose a novel selective breeding technique that ←
→ a survey on content - aware video analysis for sports ; sports data analysis is becoming increasingly large - scale , diversified , and shared , but difficulty persists in rapidly accessing the most crucial information . previous surveys have focused on the methodologies of sports video analysis from the spatiotemporal viewpoint instead of a content - based viewpoint , and few of these studies have considered semantics . this study develops a deeper interpretation of content - aware sports video analysis by examining the ←
→ analysis of distributed stochastic dual coordinate ascent ; in \ citep { yangnips13 }, the author presented distributed stochastic dual coordinate ascent ( disdca ) algorithms for solving large - scale regularized loss minimization . extraordinary performances have been observed and reported for the well - motivated updates , as referred to the practical updates , compared to the naive updates . however , no serious analysis has been provided to understand the updates and therefore the convergence rates . in the paper , we ←
→ hello edge : keyword spotting on microcontrollers ; keyword spotting ( kws ) is a critical component for enabling speech based user interactions on smart devices . it requires real - time response and high accuracy for good user experience . recently , neural networks have become an attractive choice for kws architecture because of their superior accuracy compared to traditional speech processing algorithms . due to its always - on nature , kws application has highly constrained power budget and typically runs on tiny ←
→ reasoning in non - probabilistic uncertainty : logic programming and neural - symbolic computing as examples ; this article aims to achieve two goals : to show that probability is not the only way of dealing with uncertainty ( and even more , that there are kinds of uncertainty which are for principled reasons not addressable with probabilistic means ); and to provide evidence that logic - based methods can well support reasoning with uncertainty . for the latter claim , two paradigmatic examples are presented : logic ←
→ deep learning for answer sentence selection ; answer sentence selection is the task of identifying sentences that contain the answer to a given question . this is an important problem in its own right as well as in the larger context of open domain question answering . we propose a novel approach to solving this task via means of distributed representations , and learn to match questions with answers by considering their semantic encoding . this contrasts prior work on this task , which typically relies on class ←
→ gun : gradual upsampling network for single image super - resolution ; in this paper , we propose an efficient super - resolution ( sr ) method based on deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ), namely gradual upsampling network ( gun ). recent cnn based sr methods either preliminarily magnify the low resolution ( lr ) input to high resolution ( hr ) and then reconstruct the hr input , or directly reconstruct the lr input and then recover the hr result at the last layer . the proposed gun utilizes a gradual process instead ←
→ computational algorithms based on the paninian system to process euphonic conjunctions for word searches ; searching for words in sanskrit e - text is a problem that is accompanied by complexities introduced by features of sanskrit such as euphonic conjunctions or sandhis . a word could occur in an e - text in a transformed form owing to the operation of rules of sandhi . simple word search would not yield these transformed forms of the word . further , there is no search engine in the literature that can compreh ←
→ gauged mini - bucket elimination for approximate inference ; computing the partition function $ z $ of a discrete graphical model is a fundamental inference challenge . since this is computationally intractable , variational approximations are often used in practice . recently , so - called gauge transformations were used to improve variational lower bounds on $ z $. in this paper , we propose a new gauge - variational approach , termed wmbe - g , which combines gauge transformations with the weighted mini - bucket elimination ←
→ fsl - bm : fuzzy supervised learning with binary meta - feature for classification ; this paper introduces a novel real - time fuzzy supervised learning with binary meta - feature ( fsl - bm ) for big data classification task . the study of real - time algorithms addresses several major concerns , which are namely : accuracy , memory consumption , and ability to stretch assumptions and time complexity . attaining a fast computational model providing fuzzy logic and supervised learning is one of the main challenges in the mach ←
→ automatic taxonomy extraction from query logs with no additional sources of information ; search engine logs store detailed information on web users interactions . thus , as more and more people use search engines on a daily basis , important trails of users common knowledge are being recorded in those files . previous research has shown that it is possible to extract concept taxonomies from full text documents , while other scholars have proposed methods to obtain similar queries from query logs . we propose a ←
→ record counting in historical handwritten documents with convolutional neural networks ; in this paper , we investigate the use of convolutional neural networks for counting the number of records in historical handwritten documents . with this work we demonstrate that training the networks only with synthetic images allows us to perform a near perfect evaluation of the number of records printed on historical documents . the experiments have been performed on a benchmark dataset composed by marriage records a ←
→ les mathématiques de la langue : l ' approche formelle de montague ; we present a natural language modelization method which is strongely relying on mathematics . this method , called " formal semantics ," has been initiated by the american linguist richard m . montague in the 1970 ' s . it uses mathematical tools such as formal languages and grammars , first - order logic , type theory and $\ lambda $- calculus . our goal is to have the reader discover both montagovian formal semantics and the mathematical tools that he use ←
→ taking primitive optimality theory beyond the finite state ; primitive optimality theory ( otp ) ( eisner , 1997a ; albro , 1998 ), a computational model of optimality theory ( prince and smolensky , 1993 ), employs a finite state machine to represent the set of active candidates at each stage of an optimality theoretic derivation , as well as weighted finite state machines to represent the constraints themselves . for some purposes , however , it would be convenient if the set of candidates were limited by some set of c ←
→ the no - u - turn sampler : adaptively setting path lengths in hamiltonian monte carlo ; hamiltonian monte carlo ( hmc ) is a markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) algorithm that avoids the random walk behavior and sensitivity to correlated parameters that plague many mcmc methods by taking a series of steps informed by first - order gradient information . these features allow it to converge to high - dimensional target distributions much more quickly than simpler methods such as random walk metropolis or gibbs sampling . h ←
→ embedding semantic relations into word representations ; learning representations for semantic relations is important for various tasks such as analogy detection , relational search , and relation classification . although there have been several proposals for learning representations for individual words , learning word representations that explicitly capture the semantic relations between words remains under developed . we propose an unsupervised method for learning vector representations for words such that t ←
→ characterisation of ( sub ) sequential rational functions over a general class monoids ; in this technical report we describe a general class of monoids for which ( sub ) sequential rational can be characterised in terms of a congruence relation in the flavour of myhill - nerode relation . the class of monoids that we consider can be described in terms of natural algebraic axioms , contains the free monoids , groups , the tropical monoid , and is closed under cartesian .←
→ predictive overlapping co - clustering ; in the past few years co - clustering has emerged as an important data mining tool for two way data analysis . co - clustering is more advantageous over traditional one dimensional clustering in many ways such as , ability to find highly correlated sub - groups of rows and columns . however , one of the overlooked benefits of co - clustering is that , it can be used to extract meaningful knowledge for various other knowledge extraction purposes . for example , building predictive mod ←
→ efficient markov network structure discovery using independence tests ; we present two algorithms for learning the structure of a markov network from data : gsmn * and gsimn . both algorithms use statistical independence tests to infer the structure by successively constraining the set of structures consistent with the results of these tests . until very recently , algorithms for structure learning were based on maximum likelihood estimation , which has been proved to be np - hard for markov networks due to the dif ←
→ meta - unsupervised - learning : a supervised approach to unsupervised learning ; we introduce a new paradigm to investigate unsupervised learning , reducing unsupervised learning to supervised learning . specifically , we mitigate the subjectivity in unsupervised decision - making by leveraging knowledge acquired from prior , possibly heterogeneous , supervised learning tasks . we demonstrate the versatility of our framework via comprehensive expositions and detailed experiments on several unsupervised problems such ←
→ empowering olac extension using anusaaraka and effective text processing using double byte coding ; the paper reviews the hurdles while trying to implement the olac extension for dravidian / indian languages . the paper further explores the possibilities which could minimise or solve these problems . in this context , the chinese system of text processing and the anusaaraka system are scrutinised .←
→ security games with information leakage : modeling and computation ; most models of stackelberg security games assume that the attacker only knows the defender ' s mixed strategy , but is not able to observe ( even partially ) the instantiated pure strategy . such partial observation of the deployed pure strategy -- an issue we refer to as information leakage -- is a significant concern in practical applications . while previous research on patrolling games has considered the attacker ' s real - time surveillance , our ←
→ convolutional neural networks for joint object detection and pose estimation : a comparative study ; in this paper we study the application of convolutional neural networks for jointly detecting objects depicted in still images and estimating their 3d pose . we identify different feature representations of oriented objects , and energies that lead a network to learn this representations . the choice of the representation is crucial since the pose of an object has a natural , continuous structure while its cate ←
→ a learning approach to natural language understanding ; in this paper we propose a learning paradigm for the problem of understanding spoken language . the basis of the work is in a formalization of the understanding problem as a communication problem . this results in the definition of a stochastic model of the production of speech or text starting from the meaning of a sentence . the resulting understanding algorithm consists in a viterbi maximization procedure , analogous to that commonly used for recognizin ←
→ enhancing global sls - resolution with loop cutting and tabling mechanisms ; global sls - resolution is a well - known procedural semantics for top - down computation of queries under the well - founded model . it inherits from sldnf - resolution the {\ em linearity } property of derivations , which makes it easy and efficient to implement using a simple stack - based memory structure . however , like sldnf - resolution it suffers from the problem of infinite loops and redundant computations . to resolve this problem , in this pap ←
→ mining scientific papers for bibliometrics : a ( very ) brief survey of methods and tools ; the open access movement in scientific publishing and search engines like google scholar have made scientific articles more broadly accessible . during the last decade , the availability of scientific papers in full text has become more and more widespread thanks to the growing number of publications on online platforms such as arxiv and citeseer . the efforts to provide articles in machine - readable formats and the rise ←
→ sum - product networks for hybrid domains ; while all kinds of mixed data - from personal data , over panel and scientific data , to public and commercial data - are collected and stored , building probabilistic graphical models for these hybrid domains becomes more difficult . users spend significant amounts of time in identifying the parametric form of the random variables ( gaussian , poisson , logit , etc .) involved and learning the mixed models . to make this difficult task easier , we propose the first trainable pr ←
→ the minor fall , the major lift : inferring emotional valence of musical chords through lyrics ; we investigate the association between musical chords and lyrics by analyzing a large dataset of user - contributed guitar tablatures . motivated by the idea that the emotional content of chords is reflected in the words used in corresponding lyrics , we analyze associations between lyrics and chord categories . we also examine the usage patterns of chords and lyrics in different musical genres , historical eras , and ←
→ gurls : a least squares library for supervised learning ; we present gurls , a least squares , modular , easy - to - extend software library for efficient supervised learning . gurls is targeted to machine learning practitioners , as well as non - specialists . it offers a number state - of - the - art training strategies for medium and large - scale learning , and routines for efficient model selection . the library is particularly well suited for multi - output problems ( multi - category / multi - label ). gurls is currently available i ←
→ edge preserving and multi - scale contextual neural network for salient object detection ; in this paper , we propose a novel edge preserving and multi - scale contextual neural network for salient object detection . the proposed framework is aiming to address two limits of the existing cnn based methods . first , region - based cnn methods lack sufficient context to accurately locate salient object since they deal with each region independently . second , pixel - based cnn methods suffer from blurry boundaries due to ←
→ an automatic clustering technique for optimal clusters ; this paper proposes a simple , automatic and efficient clustering algorithm , namely , automatic merging for optimal clusters ( amoc ) which aims to generate nearly optimal clusters for the given datasets automatically . the amoc is an extension to standard k - means with a two phase iterative procedure combining certain validation techniques in order to find optimal clusters with automation of merging of clusters . experiments on both synthetic and real data ←
→ characterizing concept drift ; most machine learning models are static , but the world is dynamic , and increasing online deployment of learned models gives increasing urgency to the development of efficient and effective mechanisms to address learning in the context of non - stationary distributions , or as it is commonly called concept drift . however , the key issue of characterizing the different types of drift that can occur has not previously been subjected to rigorous definition and analysis . in particular ,←
→ efficient feature group sequencing for anytime linear prediction ; we consider \ textit { anytime } linear prediction in the common machine learning setting , where features are in groups that have costs . we achieve anytime ( or interruptible ) predictions by sequencing the computation of feature groups and reporting results using the computed features at interruption . we extend orthogonal matching pursuit ( omp ) and forward regression ( fr ) to learn the sequencing greedily under this group setting with costs . we th ←
→ feature selection and dualities in maximum entropy discrimination ; incorporating feature selection into a classification or regression method often carries a number of advantages . in this paper we formalize feature selection specifically from a discriminative perspective of improving classification / regression accuracy . the feature selection method is developed as an extension to the recently proposed maximum entropy discrimination ( med ) framework . we describe med as a flexible ( bayesian ) regularization app ←
→ coevolutionary intransitivity in games : a landscape analysis ; intransitivity is supposed to be a main reason for deficits in coevolutionary progress and inheritable superiority . besides , coevolutionary dynamics is characterized by interactions yielding subjective fitness , but aiming at solutions that are superior with respect to an objective measurement . such an approximation of objective fitness may be , for instance , generalization performance . in the paper a link between rating -- and ranking -- based measu ←
→ detecting vanishing points using global image context in a non - manhattan world ; we propose a novel method for detecting horizontal vanishing points and the zenith vanishing point in man - made environments . the dominant trend in existing methods is to first find candidate vanishing points , then remove outliers by enforcing mutual orthogonality . our method reverses this process : we propose a set of horizon line candidates and score each based on the vanishing points it contains . a key element of our approac ←
→ vision - based navigation iii : pose and motion from omnidirectional optical flow and a digital terrain map ; an algorithm for pose and motion estimation using corresponding features in omnidirectional images and a digital terrain map is proposed . in previous paper , such algorithm for regular camera was considered . using a digital terrain ( or digital elevation ) map ( dtm / dem ) as a global reference enables recovering the absolute position and orientation of the camera . in order to do this , the dtm is used to f ←
→ a hybrid algorithm to compute marginal and joint beliefs in bayesian networks and its complexity ; there exist two general forms of exact algorithms for updating probabilities in bayesian networks . the first approach involves using a structure , usually a clique tree , and performing local message based calculation to extract the belief in each variable . the second general class of algorithm involves the use of non - serial dynamic programming techniques to extract the belief in some desired group of variable ←
→ high - quality facial photo - sketch synthesis using multi - adversarial networks ; synthesizing face sketches from real photos and its inverse have many applications . however , photo / sketch synthesis remains a challenging problem due to the fact that photo and sketch have different characteristics . in this work , we consider this task as an image - to - image translation problem and explore the recently popular generative models ( gans ) to generate high - quality realistic photos from sketches and sketches from photos .←
→ data - driven threshold machine : scan statistics , change - point detection , and extreme bandits ; we present a novel distribution - free approach , the data - driven threshold machine ( dtm ), for a fundamental problem at the core of many learning tasks : choose a threshold for a given pre - specified level that bounds the tail probability of the maximum of a ( possibly dependent but stationary ) random sequence . we do not assume data distribution , but rather relying on the asymptotic distribution of extremal values , and ←
→ relation schema induction using tensor factorization with side information ; given a set of documents from a specific domain ( e . g ., medical research journals ), how do we automatically build a knowledge graph ( kg ) for that domain ? automatic identification of relations and their schemas , i . e ., type signature of arguments of relations ( e . g ., undergo ( patient , surgery )), is an important first step towards this goal . we refer to this problem as relation schema induction ( rsi ). in this paper , we propose schema i ←
→ sequence to sequence learning for unconstrained scene text recognition ; in this work we present a state - of - the - art approach for unconstrained natural scene text recognition . we propose a cascade approach that incorporates a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architecture followed by a long short term memory model ( lstm ). the cnn learns visual features for the characters and uses them with a softmax layer to detect sequence of characters . while the cnn gives very good recognition results , it does not model ←
→ product reservoir computing : time - series computation with multiplicative neurons ; echo state networks ( esn ), a type of reservoir computing ( rc ) architecture , are efficient and accurate artificial neural systems for time series processing and learning . an esn consists of a core of recurrent neural networks , called a reservoir , with a small number of tunable parameters to generate a high - dimensional representation of an input , and a readout layer which is easily trained using regression to produce a desire ←
→ mining permission request patterns from android and facebook applications ( extended author version ) ; android and facebook provide third - party applications with access to users ' private data and the ability to perform potentially sensitive operations ( e . g ., post to a user ' s wall or place phone calls ). as a security measure , these platforms restrict applications ' privileges with permission systems : users must approve the permissions requested by applications before the applications can make privacy - or sec ←
→ estimation of low rank density matrices by pauli measurements ; density matrices are positively semi - definite hermitian matrices with unit trace that describe the states of quantum systems . many quantum systems of physical interest can be represented as high - dimensional low rank density matrices . a popular problem in {\ it quantum state tomography } ( qst ) is to estimate the unknown low rank density matrix of a quantum system by conducting pauli measurements . our main contribution is twofold . first , we establi ←
→ multiple - kernel based vehicle tracking using 3d deformable model and camera self - calibration ; tracking of multiple objects is an important application in ai city geared towards solving salient problems related to safety and congestion in an urban environment . frequent occlusion in traffic surveillance has been a major problem in this research field . in this challenge , we propose a model - based vehicle localization method , which builds a kernel at each patch of the 3d deformable vehicle model and associate ←
→ factorised spatial representation learning : application in semi - supervised myocardial segmentation ; the success and generalisation of deep learning algorithms heavily depend on learning good feature representations . in medical imaging this entails representing anatomical information , as well as properties related to the specific imaging setting . anatomical information is required to perform further analysis , whereas imaging information is key to disentangle scanner variability and potential artefacts . th ←
→ small sample inference for generalization error in classification using the cud bound ; confidence measures for the generalization error are crucial when small training samples are used to construct classifiers . a common approach is to estimate the generalization error by resampling and then assume the resampled estimator follows a known distribution to form a confidence set [ kohavi 1995 , martin 1996 , yang 2006 ]. alternatively , one might bootstrap the resampled estimator of the generalization error to form ←
→ learning registered point processes from idiosyncratic observations ; a parametric point process model is developed , with modeling based on the assumption that sequential observations often share latent phenomena , while also possessing idiosyncratic effects . an alternating optimization method is proposed to learn a " registered " point process that accounts for shared structure , as well as " warping " functions that characterize idiosyncratic aspects of each observed sequence . under reasonable constraints , in e ←
→ deep networks can resemble human feed - forward vision in invariant object recognition ; deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ) have attracted much attention recently , and have shown to be able to recognize thousands of object categories in natural image databases . their architecture is somewhat similar to that of the human visual system : both use restricted receptive fields , and a hierarchy of layers which progressively extract more and more abstracted features . yet it is unknown whether dcnns match hu ←
→ sketch - based face editing in video using identity deformation transfer ; we address the problem of using hand - drawn sketch to edit facial identity , such as enlarging the shape or modifying the position of eyes or mouth , in the whole video . this task is formulated as a 3d face model reconstruction and deformation problem . we first introduce a two - stage real - time 3d face model fitting schema to recover facial identity and expressions from the video . we recognize the user ' s editing intention from the input ske ←
→ learning to factor policies and action - value functions : factored action space representations for deep reinforcement learning ; deep reinforcement learning ( drl ) methods have performed well in an increasing numbering of high - dimensional visual decision making domains . among all such visual decision making problems , those with discrete action spaces often tend to have underlying compositional structure in the said action space . such action spaces often contain actions such as go left , go up as well as go d ←
→ on quadratic penalties in elastic weight consolidation ; elastic weight consolidation ( ewc , kirkpatrick et al , 2017 ) is a novel algorithm designed to safeguard against catastrophic forgetting in neural networks . ewc can be seen as an approximation to laplace propagation ( eskin et al , 2004 ), and this view is consistent with the motivation given by kirkpatrick et al ( 2017 ). in this note , i present an extended derivation that covers the case when there are more than two tasks . i show that the quadratic penalti ←
→ bayesian recurrent neural networks ; in this work we explore a straightforward variational bayes scheme for recurrent neural networks . firstly , we show that a simple adaptation of truncated backpropagation through time can yield good quality uncertainty estimates and superior regularisation at only a small extra computational cost during training , also reducing the amount of parameters by 80 \%. secondly , we demonstrate how a novel kind of posterior approximation yields further improvements to the performanc ←
→ softmax q - distribution estimation for structured prediction : a theoretical interpretation for raml ; reward augmented maximum likelihood ( raml ), a simple and effective learning framework to directly optimize towards the reward function in structured prediction tasks , has led to a number of impressive empirical successes . raml incorporates task - specific reward by performing maximum - likelihood updates on candidate outputs sampled according to an exponentiated payoff distribution , which gives higher probabil ←
→ uniqueness of low - rank matrix completion by rigidity theory ; the problem of completing a low - rank matrix from a subset of its entries is often encountered in the analysis of incomplete data sets exhibiting an underlying factor model with applications in collaborative filtering , computer vision and control . most recent work had been focused on constructing efficient algorithms for exact or approximate recovery of the missing matrix entries and proving lower bounds for the number of known entries that guaran ←
→ memory matching networks for genomic sequence classification ; when analyzing the genome , researchers have discovered that proteins bind to dna based on certain patterns of the dna sequence known as " motifs ". however , it is difficult to manually construct motifs due to their complexity . recently , externally learned memory models have proven to be effective methods for reasoning over inputs and supporting sets . in this work , we present memory matching networks ( mmn ) for classifying dna sequences as protein b ←
→ the tip - of - the - tongue phenomenon : irrelevant neural network localization or disruption of its interneuron links ? ; on the base of recently proposed three - stage quantitative neural network model of the tip - of - the - tongue ( tot ) phenomenon a possibility to occur of tot states coursed by neural network interneuron links ' disruption has been studied . using a numerical example it was found that tots coursed by interneron links ' disruption are in ( 1 . 5 + - 0 . 3 ) x1000 times less probable then those coursed by irrel ←
→ rapid focus map surveying for whole slide imaging with continues sample motion ; whole slide imaging ( wsi ) has recently been cleared for primary diagnosis in the us . a critical challenge of wsi is to perform accurate focusing in high speed . traditional systems create a focus map prior to scanning . for each focus point on the map , sample needs to be static in the x - y plane and axial scanning is needed to maximize the contrast . here we report a novel focus map surveying method for wsi . the reported method r ←
→ deep neural heart rate variability analysis ; despite of the pain and limited accuracy of blood tests for early recognition of cardiovascular disease , they dominate risk screening and triage . on the other hand , heart rate variability is non - invasive and cheap , but not considered accurate enough for clinical practice . here , we tackle heart beat interval based classification with deep learning . we introduce an end to end differentiable hybrid architecture , consisting of a layer of biological neuron models of ←
→ deepprobe : information directed sequence understanding and chatbot design via recurrent neural networks ; information extraction and user intention identification are central topics in modern query understanding and recommendation systems . in this paper , we propose deepprobe , a generic information - directed interaction framework which is built around an attention - based sequence to sequence ( seq2seq ) recurrent neural network . deepprobe can rephrase , evaluate , and even actively ask questions , leveraging the ←
→ learning to invert : signal recovery via deep convolutional networks ; the promise of compressive sensing ( cs ) has been offset by two significant challenges . first , real - world data is not exactly sparse in a fixed basis . second , current high - performance recovery algorithms are slow to converge , which limits cs to either non - real - time applications or scenarios where massive back - end computing is available . in this paper , we attack both of these challenges head - on by developing a new signal recovery framework ←
→ multiagent - based participatory urban simulation through inverse reinforcement learning ; the multiagent - based participatory simulation features prominently in urban planning as the acquired model is considered as the hybrid system of the domain and the local knowledge . however , the key problem of generating realistic agents for particular social phenomena invariably remains . the existing models have attempted to dictate the factors involving human behavior , which appeared to be intractable . in this paper ,←
→ image tag completion by low - rank factorization with dual reconstruction structure preserved ; a novel tag completion algorithm is proposed in this paper , which is designed with the following features : 1 ) low - rank and error s - parsity : the incomplete initial tagging matrix d is decomposed into the complete tagging matrix a and a sparse error matrix e . however , instead of minimizing its nuclear norm , a is further factor - ized into a basis matrix u and a sparse coefficient matrix v , i . e . d = uv + e . this low - rank ←
→ learning from millions of 3d scans for large - scale 3d face recognition ; deep networks trained on millions of facial images are believed to be closely approaching human - level performance in face recognition . however , open world face recognition still remains a challenge . although , 3d face recognition has an inherent edge over its 2d counterpart , it has not benefited from the recent developments in deep learning due to the unavailability of large training as well as large test datasets . recognition accuracie ←
→ the transferable belief model and other interpretations of dempster - shafer ' s model ; dempster - shafer ' s model aims at quantifying degrees of belief but there are so many interpretations of dempster - shafer ' s theory in the literature that it seems useful to present the various contenders in order to clarify their respective positions . we shall successively consider the classical probability model , the upper and lower probabilities model , dempster ' s model , the transferable belief model , the evidentiary value ←
→ elastic solver : balancing solution time and energy consumption ; combinatorial decision problems arise in many different domains such as scheduling , routing , packing , bioinformatics , and many more . despite recent advances in developing scalable solvers , there are still many problems which are often very hard to solve . typically the most advanced solvers include elements which are stochastic in nature . if a same instance is solved many times using different seeds then depending on the inherent characteristic ←
→ multidimensional classification of hippocampal shape features discriminates alzheimer ' s disease and mild cognitive impairment from normal aging ; we describe a new method to automatically discriminate between patients with alzheimer ' s disease ( ad ) or mild cognitive impairment ( mci ) and elderly controls , based on multidimensional classification of hippocampal shape features . this approach uses spherical harmonics ( spharm ) coefficients to model the shape of the hippocampi , which are segmented from magneti ←
→ crowd labeling : a survey ; recently , there has been a burst in the number of research projects on human computation via crowdsourcing . multiple choice ( or labeling ) questions could be referred to as a common type of problem which is solved by this approach . as an application , crowd labeling is applied to find true labels for large machine learning datasets . since crowds are not necessarily experts , the labels they provide are rather noisy and erroneous . this challenge is usually resolved by collecting multi ←
→ hard to cheat : a turing test based on answering questions about images ; progress in language and image understanding by machines has sparkled the interest of the research community in more open - ended , holistic tasks , and refueled an old ai dream of building intelligent machines . we discuss a few prominent challenges that characterize such holistic tasks and argue for " question answering about images " as a particular appealing instance of such a holistic task . in particular , we point out that it is a versio ←
→ a bio - inspired image coder with temporal scalability ; we present a novel bio - inspired and dynamic coding scheme for static images . our coder aims at reproducing the main steps of the visual stimulus processing in the mammalian retina taking into account its time behavior . the main novelty of this work is to show how to exploit the time behavior of the retina cells to ensure , in a simple way , scalability and bit allocation . to do so , our main source of inspiration will be the biologically plausible retina m ←
→ distributed self management for distributed security systems ; distributed system as e . g . artificial immune systems , complex adaptive systems , or multi - agent systems are widely used in computer science , e . g . for network security , optimisations , or simulations . in these systems , small entities move through the network and perform certain tasks . at some time , the entities move to another place and require therefore information where to move is most profitable . common used systems do not provide any informatio ←
→ australia ' s long - term electricity demand forecasting using deep neural networks ; accurate prediction of long - term electricity demand has a significant role in demand side management and electricity network planning and operation . demand over - estimation results in over - investment in network assets , driving up the electricity prices , while demand under - estimation may lead to under - investment resulting in unreliable and insecure electricity . in this manuscript , we apply deep neural networks to predict austr ←
→ a new monte carlo based algorithm for the gaussian process classification problem ; gaussian process is a very promising novel technology that has been applied to both the regression problem and the classification problem . while for the regression problem it yields simple exact solutions , this is not the case for the classification problem , because we encounter intractable integrals . in this paper we develop a new derivation that transforms the problem into that of evaluating the ratio of multivariate gau ←
→ end - to - end video captioning with multitask reinforcement learning ; although end - to - end ( e2e ) learning has led to promising performance on a variety of tasks , it is often impeded by hardware constraints ( e . g ., gpu memories ) and is prone to overfitting . when it comes to video captioning , one of the most challenging benchmark tasks in computer vision and machine learning , those limitations of e2e learning are especially amplified by the fact that both the input videos and output captions are lengthy sequences ←
→ learning musical relations using gated autoencoders ; music is usually highly structured and it is still an open question how to design models which can successfully learn to recognize and represent musical structure . a fundamental problem is that structurally related patterns can have very distinct appearances , because the structural relationships are often based on transformations of musical material , like chromatic or diatonic transposition , inversion , retrograde , or rhythm change . in this preliminary wo ←
→ labelfusion : a pipeline for generating ground truth labels for real rgbd data of cluttered scenes ; deep neural network ( dnn ) architectures have been shown to outperform traditional pipelines for object segmentation and pose estimation using rgbd data , but the performance of these dnn pipelines is directly tied to how representative the training data is of the true data . hence a key requirement for employing these methods in practice is to have a large set of labeled data for your specific robotic manipul ←
→ a complete analysis of the l_1 , p group - lasso ; the group - lasso is a well - known tool for joint regularization in machine learning methods . while the l_ { 1 , 2 } and the l_ { 1 ,\ infty } version have been studied in detail and efficient algorithms exist , there are still open questions regarding other l_ { 1 , p } variants . we characterize conditions for solutions of the l_ { 1 , p } group - lasso for all p - norms with 1 <= p <= \ infty , and we present a unified active set algorithm . for all p - norms , a highly efficient projected gr ←
→ end - to - end learning of keypoint detector and descriptor for pose invariant 3d matching ; finding correspondences between images or 3d scans is at the heart of many computer vision and image retrieval applications and is often enabled by matching local keypoint descriptors . various learning approaches have been applied in the past to different stages of the matching pipeline , considering detector , descriptor , or metric learning objectives . these objectives were typically addressed separately and most previ ←
→ solving cooperative reliability games ; cooperative games model the allocation of profit from joint actions , following considerations such as stability and fairness . we propose the reliability extension of such games , where agents may fail to participate in the game . in the reliability extension , each agent only " survives " with a certain probability , and a coalition ' s value is the probability that its surviving members would be a winning coalition in the base game . we study prominent solution concepts in su ←
→ action schema networks : generalised policies with deep learning ; in this paper , we introduce the action schema network ( asnet ): a neural network architecture for learning generalised policies for probabilistic planning problems . by mimicking the relational structure of planning problems , asnets are able to adopt a weight - sharing scheme which allows the network to be applied to any problem from a given planning domain . this allows the cost of training the network to be amortised over all problems in that do ←
→ a convex sparse pca for feature analysis ; principal component analysis ( pca ) has been widely applied to dimensionality reduction and data pre - processing for different applications in engineering , biology and social science . classical pca and its variants seek for linear projections of the original variables to obtain a low dimensional feature representation with maximal variance . one limitation is that it is very difficult to interpret the results of pca . in addition , the classical pca is vulnerable to cer ←
→ supervised hashing using graph cuts and boosted decision trees ; embedding image features into a binary hamming space can improve both the speed and accuracy of large - scale query - by - example image retrieval systems . supervised hashing aims to map the original features to compact binary codes in a manner which preserves the label - based similarities of the original data . most existing approaches apply a single form of hash function , and an optimization process which is typically deeply coupled to this specific ←
→ image aesthetic assessment : an experimental survey ; this survey aims at reviewing recent computer vision techniques used in the assessment of image aesthetic quality . image aesthetic assessment aims at computationally distinguishing high - quality photos from low - quality ones based on photographic rules , typically in the form of binary classification or quality scoring . a variety of approaches has been proposed in the literature trying to solve this challenging problem . in this survey , we present a systemati ←
→ learning bayesian networks with the bnlearn r package ; bnlearn is an r package which includes several algorithms for learning the structure of bayesian networks with either discrete or continuous variables . both constraint - based and score - based algorithms are implemented , and can use the functionality provided by the snow package to improve their performance via parallel computing . several network scores and conditional independence algorithms are available for both the learning algorithms and independent ←
→ an adversarial neuro - tensorial approach for learning disentangled representations ; several factors contribute to the appearance of an object in a visual scene , including pose , illumination , and deformation , among others . each factor accounts for a source of variability in the data , while the multiplicative interactions of these factors emulate the entangled variability , giving rise to the rich structure of visual object appearance . disentangling such unobserved factors from visual data is a challenging t ←
→ dendritic error backpropagation in deep cortical microcircuits ; animal behaviour depends on learning to associate sensory stimuli with the desired motor command . understanding how the brain orchestrates the necessary synaptic modifications across different brain areas has remained a longstanding puzzle . here , we introduce a multi - area neuronal network model in which synaptic plasticity continuously adapts the network towards a global desired output . in this model synaptic learning is driven by a local dend ←
→ a tableau methodology for deontic conditional logics ; in this paper we present a theorem proving methodology for a restricted but significant fragment of the conditional language made up of ( boolean combinations of ) conditional statements with unnested antecedents . the method is based on the possible world semantics for conditional logics . the kem label formalism , designed to account for the semantics of normal modal logics , is easily adapted to the semantics of conditional logics by simply indexing labels ←
→ fast and faster : a comparison of two streamed matrix decomposition algorithms ; with the explosion of the size of digital dataset , the limiting factor for decomposition algorithms is the \ emph { number of passes } over the input , as the input is often stored out - of - core or even off - site . moreover , we ' re only interested in algorithms that operate in \ emph { constant memory } w . r . t . to the input size , so that arbitrarily large input can be processed . in this paper , we present a practical comparison of two such al ←
→ evidential label propagation algorithm for graphs ; community detection has attracted considerable attention crossing many areas as it can be used for discovering the structure and features of complex networks . with the increasing size of social networks in real world , community detection approaches should be fast and accurate . the label propagation algorithm ( lpa ) is known to be one of the near - linear solutions and benefits of easy implementation , thus it forms a good basis for efficient community detectio ←
→ salnet360 : saliency maps for omni - directional images with cnn ; the prediction of visual attention data from any kind of media is of valuable use to content creators and used to efficiently drive encoding algorithms . with the current trend in the virtual reality ( vr ) field , adapting known techniques to this new kind of media is starting to gain momentum . in this paper , we present an architectural extension to any convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to fine - tune traditional 2d saliency prediction to omnidirec ←
→ deepmatch : balancing deep covariate representations for causal inference using adversarial training ; we study optimal covariate balance for causal inferences from observational data when rich covariates and complex relationships necessitate flexible modeling with neural networks . standard approaches such as propensity weighting and matching / balancing fail in such settings due to miscalibrated propensity nets and inappropriate covariate representations , respectively . we propose a new method based on adver ←
→ classification on large networks : a quantitative bound via motifs and graphons ; when each data point is a large graph , graph statistics such as densities of certain subgraphs ( motifs ) can be used as feature vectors for machine learning . while intuitive , motif counts are expensive to compute and difficult to work with theoretically . via graphon theory , we give an explicit quantitative bound for the ability of motif homomorphisms to distinguish large networks under both generative and sampling noise . furth ←
→ a hybrid formalism to parse sign languages ; sign language ( sl ) linguistic is dependent on the expensive task of annotating . some automation is already available for low - level information ( eg . body part tracking ) and the lexical level has shown significant progresses . the syntactic level lacks annotated corpora as well as complete and consistent models . this article presents a solution for the automatic annotation of sl syntactic elements . it exposes a formalism able to represent both constituency - based and ←
→ impossibility in belief merging ; with the aim of studying social properties of belief merging and having a better understanding of impossibility , we extend in three ways the framework of logic - based merging introduced by konieczny and pino p \' erez . first , at the level of representation of the information , we pass from belief bases to complex epistemic states . second , the profiles are represented as functions of finite societies to the set of epistemic states ( a sort of vectors ) and not as multisets of epis ←
→ detailed , accurate , human shape estimation from clothed 3d scan sequences ; we address the problem of estimating human pose and body shape from 3d scans over time . reliable estimation of 3d body shape is necessary for many applications including virtual try - on , health monitoring , and avatar creation for virtual reality . scanning bodies in minimal clothing , however , presents a practical barrier to these applications . we address this problem by estimating body shape under clothing from a sequence of 3d scan ←
→ flow - based propagators for the sequence and related global constraints ; we propose new filtering algorithms for the sequence constraint and some extensions of the sequence constraint based on network flows . we enforce domain consistency on the sequence constraint in $ o ( n ^ 2 )$ time down a branch of the search tree . this improves upon the best existing domain consistency algorithm by a factor of $ o (\ log n )$. the flows used in these algorithms are derived from a linear program . some of them differ from the flo ←
→ gender inference using statistical name characteristics in twitter ; much attention has been given to the task of gender inference of twitter users . although names are strong gender indicators , the names of twitter users are rarely used as a feature ; probably due to the high number of ill - formed names , which cannot be found in any name dictionary . instead of relying solely on a name database , we propose a novel name classifier . our approach extracts characteristics from the user names and uses those in orde ←
→ a formal approach to modeling the memory of a living organism ; we consider a living organism as an observer of the evolution of its environment recording sensory information about the state space x of the environment in real time . sensory information is sampled and then processed on two levels . on the biological level , the organism serves as an evaluation mechanism of the subjective relevance of the incoming data to the observer : the observer assigns excitation values to events in x it could recognize usin ←
→ on the performance of different mutation operators of a subpopulation - based genetic algorithm for multi - robot task allocation problems ; the performance of different mutation operators is usually evaluated in conjunc - tion with specific parameter settings of genetic algorithms and target problems . most studies focus on the classical genetic algorithm with different parameters or on solving unconstrained combinatorial optimization problems such as the traveling salesman problems . in this paper , a subpopul ←
→ log - euclidean bag of words for human action recognition ; representing videos by densely extracted local space - time features has recently become a popular approach for analysing actions . in this paper , we tackle the problem of categorising human actions by devising bag of words ( bow ) models based on covariance matrices of spatio - temporal features , with the features formed from histograms of optical flow . since covariance matrices form a special type of riemannian manifold , the space of symmetric positive de ←
→ learning sets with separating kernels ; we consider the problem of learning a set from random samples . we show how relevant geometric and topological properties of a set can be studied analytically using concepts from the theory of reproducing kernel hilbert spaces . a new kind of reproducing kernel , that we call separating kernel , plays a crucial role in our study and is analyzed in detail . we prove a new analytic characterization of the support of a distribution , that naturally leads to a family of provabl ←
→ active metric learning from relative comparisons ; this work focuses on active learning of distance metrics from relative comparison information . a relative comparison specifies , for a data point triplet $( x_i , x_j , x_k )$, that instance $ x_i $ is more similar to $ x_j $ than to $ x_k $. such constraints , when available , have been shown to be useful toward defining appropriate distance metrics . in real - world applications , acquiring constraints often require considerable human effort . this motivates us to study how ←
→ ensemble of heterogeneous flexible neural trees using multiobjective genetic programming ; machine learning algorithms are inherently multiobjective in nature , where approximation error minimization and model ' s complexity simplification are two conflicting objectives . we proposed a multiobjective genetic programming ( mogp ) for creating a heterogeneous flexible neural tree ( hfnt ), tree - like flexible feedforward neural network model . the functional heterogeneity in neural tree nodes was introduced to captur ←
→ picking a conveyor clean by an autonomously learning robot ; we present a research picking prototype related to our company ' s industrial waste sorting application . the goal of the prototype is to be as autonomous as possible and it both calibrates itself and improves its picking with minimal human intervention . the system learns to pick objects better based on a feedback sensor in its gripper and uses machine learning to choosing the best proposal from a random sample produced by simple hard - coded geometric ←
→ texture analysis using volume - radius fractal dimension ; texture plays an important role in computer vision . it is one of the most important visual attributes used in image analysis , once it provides information about pixel organization at different regions of the image . this paper presents a novel approach for texture characterization , based on complexity analysis . the proposed approach expands the idea of the mass - radius fractal dimension , a method originally developed for shape analysis , to a set of coor ←
→ learning explanatory rules from noisy data ; artificial neural networks are powerful function approximators capable of modelling solutions to a wide variety of problems , both supervised and unsupervised . as their size and expressivity increases , so too does the variance of the model , yielding a nearly ubiquitous overfitting problem . although mitigated by a variety of model regularisation methods , the common cure is to seek large amounts of training data --- which is not necessarily easily obtained --- that suff ←
→ robust compressed sensing and sparse coding with the difference map ; in compressed sensing , we wish to reconstruct a sparse signal $ x $ from observed data $ y $. in sparse coding , on the other hand , we wish to find a representation of an observed signal $ y $ as a sparse linear combination , with coefficients $ x $, of elements from an overcomplete dictionary . while many algorithms are competitive at both problems when $ x $ is very sparse , it can be challenging to recover $ x $ when it is less sparse . we present the ←
→ a multi - instance learning algorithm based on a stacked ensemble of lazy learners ; this document describes a novel learning algorithm that classifies " bags " of instances rather than individual instances . a bag is labeled positive if it contains at least one positive instance ( which may or may not be specifically identified ), and negative otherwise . this class of problems is known as multi - instance learning problems , and is useful in situations where the class label at an instance level may be unavailable ←
→ deep fusion of visual signatures for client - server facial analysis ; facial analysis is a key technology for enabling human - machine interaction . in this context , we present a client - server framework , where a client transmits the signature of a face to be analyzed to the server , and , in return , the server sends back various information describing the face e . g . is the person male or female , is she / he bald , does he have a mustache , etc . we assume that a client can compute one ( or a combination ) of visual featu ←
→ disentangling by factorising ; we define and address the problem of unsupervised learning of disentangled representations on data generated from independent factors of variation . we propose factorvae , a method that disentangles by encouraging the distribution of representations to be factorial and hence independent across the dimensions . we show that it improves upon $\ beta $- vae by providing a better trade - off between disentanglement and reconstruction quality . moreover , we highlight the problems of a commo ←
→ tuning modular networks with weighted losses for hand - eye coordination ; this paper introduces an end - to - end fine - tuning method to improve hand - eye coordination in modular deep visuo - motor policies ( modular networks ) where each module is trained independently . benefiting from weighted losses , the fine - tuning method significantly improves the performance of the policies for a robotic planar reaching task .←
→ dynamic mode decomposition for real - time background / foreground separation in video ; this paper introduces the method of dynamic mode decomposition ( dmd ) for robustly separating video frames into background ( low - rank ) and foreground ( sparse ) components in real - time . the method is a novel application of a technique used for characterizing nonlinear dynamical systems in an equation - free manner by decomposing the state of the system into low - rank terms whose fourier components in time are known . dmd terms wi ←
→ duality of graphical models and tensor networks ; in this article we show the duality between tensor networks and undirected graphical models with discrete variables . we study tensor networks on hypergraphs , which we call tensor hypernetworks . we show that the tensor hypernetwork on a hypergraph exactly corresponds to the graphical model given by the dual hypergraph . we translate various notions under duality . for example , marginalization in a graphical model is dual to contraction in the tensor network . al ←
→ extending and implementing the stable model semantics ; an algorithm for computing the stable model semantics of logic programs is developed . it is shown that one can extend the semantics and the algorithm to handle new and more expressive types of rules . emphasis is placed on the use of efficient implementation techniques . in particular , an implementation of lookahead that safely avoids testing every literal for failure and that makes the use of lookahead feasible is presented . in addition , a good heuristi ←
→ comparing bayesian network classifiers ; in this paper , we empirically evaluate algorithms for learning four types of bayesian network ( bn ) classifiers - naive - bayes , tree augmented naive - bayes , bn augmented naive - bayes and general bns , where the latter two are learned using two variants of a conditional - independence ( ci ) based bn - learning algorithm . experimental results show the obtained classifiers , learned using the ci based algorithms , are competitive with ( or superior to ) the best known classifiers , ba ←
→ part localization using multi - proposal consensus for fine - grained categorization ; we present a simple deep learning framework to simultaneously predict keypoint locations and their respective visibilities and use those to achieve state - of - the - art performance for fine - grained classification . we show that by conditioning the predictions on object proposals with sufficient image support , our method can do well without complicated spatial reasoning . instead , inference methods with robustness to outliers , yie ←
→ embedding default logic in propositional argumentation systems ; in this paper we present a transformation of finite propositional default theories into so - called propositional argumentation systems . this transformation allows to characterize all notions of reiter ' s default logic in the framework of argumentation systems . as a consequence , computing extensions , or determining wether a given formula belongs to one extension or all extensions can be answered without leaving the field of classical propositiona ←
→ sucag : stochastic unbiased curvature - aided gradient method for distributed optimization ; we propose and analyze a new stochastic gradient method , which we call stochastic unbiased curvature - aided gra - dient ( sucag ), for finite sum optimization problems . sucag constitutes an unbiased total gradient tracking technique that uses hessian information to accelerate convergence . we an - alyze our method under the general asynchronous model of computation , in which functions are selected infinitely often , but wit ←
→ fuzzy statistical matrices for cell classification ; in this paper , we generalize image ( texture ) statistical descriptors and propose algorithms that improve their efficacy . recently , a new method showed how the popular co - occurrence matrix ( com ) can be modified into a fuzzy version ( fcom ) which is more effective and robust to noise . here , we introduce new fuzzy versions of two additional higher order statistical matrices : the run length matrix ( rlm ) and the size zone matrix ( szm ). we define the fuzzy zones ←
→ pose guided person image generation ; this paper proposes the novel pose guided person generation network ( pg $^ 2 $) that allows to synthesize person images in arbitrary poses , based on an image of that person and a novel pose . our generation framework pg $^ 2 $ utilizes the pose information explicitly and consists of two key stages : pose integration and image refinement . in the first stage the condition image and the target pose are fed into a u - net - like network to generate an initial but coarse image of the pe ←
→ deep spatial pyramid : the devil is once again in the details ; in this paper we show that by carefully making good choices for various detailed but important factors in a visual recognition framework using deep learning features , one can achieve a simple , efficient , yet highly accurate image classification system . we first list 5 important factors , based on both existing researches and ideas proposed in this paper . these important detailed factors include : 1 ) $\ ell_2 $ matrix normalization is more effective ←
→ self - regulated artificial ant colonies on digital image habitats ; artificial life models , swarm intelligent and evolutionary computation algorithms are usually built on fixed size populations . some studies indicate however that varying the population size can increase the adaptability of these systems and their capability to react to changing environments . in this paper we present an extended model of an artificial ant colony system designed to evolve on digital image habitats . we will show that the presen ←
→ human pose estimation with iterative error feedback ; hierarchical feature extractors such as convolutional networks ( convnets ) have achieved impressive performance on a variety of classification tasks using purely feedforward processing . feedforward architectures can learn rich representations of the input space but do not explicitly model dependencies in the output spaces , that are quite structured for tasks such as articulated human pose estimation or object segmentation . here we propose a framework that ←
→ first - order integer programming for map problems ; finding the most probable ( map ) model in srl frameworks such as markov logic and problog can , in principle , be solved by encoding the problem as a ` grounded - out ' mixed integer program ( mip ). however , useful first - order structure disappears in this process motivating the development of first - order mip approaches . here we present mfoilp , one such approach . since the syntax and semantics of mfoilp is essentially the same as existing approaches we focus here ma ←
→ adaptive compressive tracking via online vector boosting feature selection ; recently , the compressive tracking ( ct ) method has attracted much attention due to its high efficiency , but it cannot well deal with the large scale target appearance variations due to its data - independent random projection matrix that results in less discriminative features . to address this issue , in this paper we propose an adaptive ct approach , which selects the most discriminative features to design an effective appearance mo ←
→ combining human and machine learning for morphological analysis of galaxy images ; the increasing importance of digital sky surveys collecting many millions of galaxy images has reinforced the need for robust methods that can perform morphological analysis of large galaxy image databases . citizen science initiatives such as galaxy zoo showed that large datasets of galaxy images can be analyzed effectively by non - scientist volunteers , but since databases generated by robotic telescopes grow much faster tha ←
→ split - brain autoencoders : unsupervised learning by cross - channel prediction ; we propose split - brain autoencoders , a straightforward modification of the traditional autoencoder architecture , for unsupervised representation learning . the method adds a split to the network , resulting in two disjoint sub - networks . each sub - network is trained to perform a difficult task -- predicting one subset of the data channels from another . together , the sub - networks extract features from the entire input signal . by forc ←
→ flying insect classification with inexpensive sensors ; the ability to use inexpensive , noninvasive sensors to accurately classify flying insects would have significant implications for entomological research , and allow for the development of many useful applications in vector control for both medical and agricultural entomology . given this , the last sixty years have seen many research efforts on this task . to date , however , none of this research has had a lasting impact . in this work , we explain this lack ←
→ automatic relevance determination for deep generative models ; a recurring problem when building probabilistic latent variable models is regularization and model selection , for instance , the choice of the dimensionality of the latent space . in the context of belief networks with latent variables , this problem has been adressed with automatic relevance determination ( ard ) employing monte carlo inference . we present a variational inference approach to ard for deep generative models using doubly stochastic var ←
→ siamese neural networks for one - shot detection of railway track switches ; deep learning methods have been extensively used to analyze video data to extract valuable information by classifying image frames and detecting objects . we describe a unique approach for using video feed from a moving locomotive to continuously monitor the railway track and detect significant assets like switches on the track . the technique used here is called siamese networks , which uses 2 identical networks to learn the similarity ←
→ where ' s your focus : personalized attention ; human visual attention is subjective and biased according to the personal preference of the viewer , however , current works of saliency detection are general and objective , without counting the factor of the observer . this will make the attention prediction for a particular person not accurate enough . in this work , we present the novel idea of personalized attention prediction and develop personalized attention network ( panet ), a convolutional network that predict ←
→ py3dfreehandus : a library for voxel - array reconstruction using ultrasonography and attitude sensors ; in medical imaging , there is a growing interest to provide real - time images with good quality for large anatomical structures . to cope with this issue , we developed a library that allows to replace , for some specific clinical applications , more robust systems such as computer tomography ( ct ) and magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ). our python library py3dfreehandus is a package for processing data acquired s ←
→ a maximum matching algorithm for basis selection in spectral learning ; we present a solution to scale spectral algorithms for learning sequence functions . we are interested in the case where these functions are sparse ( that is , for most sequences they return 0 ). spectral algorithms reduce the learning problem to the task of computing an svd decomposition over a special type of matrix called the hankel matrix . this matrix is designed to capture the relevant statistics of the training sequences . what is cruc ←
→ newton sketch : a linear - time optimization algorithm with linear - quadratic convergence ; we propose a randomized second - order method for optimization known as the newton sketch : it is based on performing an approximate newton step using a randomly projected or sub - sampled hessian . for self - concordant functions , we prove that the algorithm has super - linear convergence with exponentially high probability , with convergence and complexity guarantees that are independent of condition numbers and related problem ←
→ gibbs sampling in open - universe stochastic languages ; languages for open - universe probabilistic models ( oupms ) can represent situations with an unknown number of objects and iden - tity uncertainty . while such cases arise in a wide range of important real - world appli - cations , existing general purpose inference methods for oupms are far less efficient than those available for more restricted lan - guages and model classes . this paper goes some way to remedying this deficit by in - troducing , and proving corre ←
→ random forests , decision trees , and categorical predictors : the " absent levels " problem ; one of the advantages that decision trees have over many other models is their ability to natively handle categorical predictors without having to first transform them ( e . g ., by using one - hot encoding ). however , in this paper , we show how this capability can also lead to an inherent " absent levels " problem for decision tree based algorithms that , to the best of our knowledge , has never been thoroughly discussed , and ←
→ minimum energy quantized neural networks ; this work targets the automated minimum - energy optimization of quantized neural networks ( qnns ) - networks using low precision weights and activations . these networks are trained from scratch at an arbitrary fixed point precision . at iso - accuracy , qnns using fewer bits require deeper and wider network architectures than networks using higher precision operators , while they require less complex arithmetic and less bits per weights . this fundamental trade - off is anal ←
→ weakly supervised object localization using size estimates ; we present a technique for weakly supervised object localization ( wsol ), building on the observation that wsol algorithms usually work better on images with bigger objects . instead of training the object detector on the entire training set at the same time , we propose a curriculum learning strategy to feed training images into the wsol learning loop in an order from images containing bigger objects down to smaller ones . to automatically determine ←
→ single image super - resolution based on wiener filter in similarity domain ; single image super resolution ( sisr ) is an ill - posed problem aiming at estimating a plausible high resolution ( hr ) image from a single low resolution ( lr ) image . current state - of - the - art sisr methods are patch - based . they use either external data or internal self - similarity to learn a prior for a hr image . external data based methods utilize large number of patches from the training data , while self - similarity based approaches lev ←
→ on hölder projective divergences ; we describe a framework to build distances by measuring the tightness of inequalities , and introduce the notion of proper statistical divergences and improper pseudo - divergences . we then consider the h \" older ordinary and reverse inequalities , and present two novel classes of h \" older divergences and pseudo - divergences that both encapsulate the special case of the cauchy - schwarz divergence . we report closed - form formulas for those statistical dissimilarities when consideri ←
→ reasoning with very expressive fuzzy description logics ; it is widely recognized today that the management of imprecision and vagueness will yield more intelligent and realistic knowledge - based applications . description logics ( dls ) are a family of knowledge representation languages that have gained considerable attention the last decade , mainly due to their decidability and the existence of empirically high performance of reasoning algorithms . in this paper , we extend the well known fuzzy alc dl to the fu ←
→ multi - objects association in perception of dynamical situation ; in current perception systems applied to the rebuilding of the environment for intelligent vehicles , the part reserved to object association for the tracking is increasingly significant . this allows firstly to follow the objects temporal evolution and secondly to increase the reliability of environment perception . we propose in this communication the development of a multi - objects association algorithm with ambiguity removal entering into the ←
→ recurrent highway networks ; many sequential processing tasks require complex nonlinear transition functions from one step to the next . however , recurrent neural networks with ' deep ' transition functions remain difficult to train , even when using long short - term memory ( lstm ) networks . we introduce a novel theoretical analysis of recurrent networks based on gersgorin ' s circle theorem that illuminates several modeling and optimization issues and improves our understanding of the lstm cell . based on this anal ←
→ deep learning of fmri big data : a novel approach to subject - transfer decoding ; as a technology to read brain states from measurable brain activities , brain decoding are widely applied in industries and medical sciences . in spite of high demands in these applications for a universal decoder that can be applied to all individuals simultaneously , large variation in brain activities across individuals has limited the scope of many studies to the development of individual - specific decoders . in this study , we ←
→ on reproduction of on the regularization of wasserstein gans ; this report has several purposes . first , our report is written to investigate the reproducibility of the submitted paper on the regularization of wasserstein gans ( 2018 ). second , among the experiments performed in the submitted paper , five aspects were emphasized and reproduced : learning speed , stability , robustness against hyperparameter , estimating the wasserstein distance , and various sampling method . finally , we identify which parts of the c ←
→ evolving unsupervised deep neural networks for learning meaningful representations ; deep learning ( dl ) aims at learning the \ emph { meaningful representations }. a meaningful representation refers to the one that gives rise to significant performance improvement of associated machine learning ( ml ) tasks by replacing the raw data as the input . however , optimal architecture design and model parameter estimation in dl algorithms are widely considered to be intractable . evolutionary algorithms are much preferab ←
→ coarse - grained cross - lingual alignment of comparable texts with topic models and encyclopedic knowledge ; we present a method for coarse - grained cross - lingual alignment of comparable texts : segments consisting of contiguous paragraphs that discuss the same theme ( e . g . history , economy ) are aligned based on induced multilingual topics . the method combines three ideas : a two - level lda model that filters out words that do not convey themes , an hmm that models the ordering of themes in the collection of docum ←
→ an empirical analysis of dropout in piecewise linear networks ; the recently introduced dropout training criterion for neural networks has been the subject of much attention due to its simplicity and remarkable effectiveness as a regularizer , as well as its interpretation as a training procedure for an exponentially large ensemble of networks that share parameters . in this work we empirically investigate several questions related to the efficacy of dropout , specifically as it concerns networks employing the ←
→ error metrics for learning reliable manifolds from streaming data ; spectral dimensionality reduction is frequently used to identify low - dimensional structure in high - dimensional data . however , learning manifolds , especially from the streaming data , is computationally and memory expensive . in this paper , we argue that a stable manifold can be learned using only a fraction of the stream , and the remaining stream can be mapped to the manifold in a significantly less costly manner . identifying the transition p ←
→ measuring software quality in use : state - of - the - art and research challenges ; software quality in use comprises quality from the user ' s perspective . it has gained its importance in e - government applications , mobile - based applications , embedded systems , and even business process development . user ' s decisions on software acquisitions are often ad hoc or based on preference due to difficulty in quantitatively measuring software quality in use . but , why is quality - in - use measurement difficult ? although there ←
→ on the entropy of written spanish ; this paper reports on results on the entropy of the spanish language . they are based on an analysis of natural language for n - word symbols ( n = 1 to 18 ), trigrams , digrams , and characters . the results obtained in this work are based on the analysis of twelve different literary works in spanish , as well as a 279917 word news file provided by the spanish press agency efe . entropy values are calculated by a direct method using computer processing and the probability law of l ←
→ graph - based generalization bounds for learning binary relations ; we investigate the generalizability of learned binary relations : functions that map pairs of instances to a logical indicator . this problem has application in numerous areas of machine learning , such as ranking , entity resolution and link prediction . our learning framework incorporates an example labeler that , given a sequence $ x $ of $ n $ instances and a desired training size $ m $, subsamples $ m $ pairs from $ x \ times x $ without replacement . the ←
→ offline handwritten signature verification - literature review ; the area of handwritten signature verification has been broadly researched in the last decades , but remains an open research problem . the objective of signature verification systems is to discriminate if a given signature is genuine ( produced by the claimed individual ), or a forgery ( produced by an impostor ). this has demonstrated to be a challenging task , in particular in the offline ( static ) scenario , that uses images of scanned signatures , ←
→ pectoral muscles suppression in digital mammograms using hybridization of soft computing methods ; breast region segmentation is an essential prerequisite in computerized analysis of mammograms . it aims at separating the breast tissue from the background of the mammogram and it includes two independent segmentations . the first segments the background region which usually contains annotations , labels and frames from the whole breast region , while the second removes the pectoral muscle portion ( present in m ←
→ the most advantageous bangla keyboard layout using data mining technique ; bangla alphabet has a large number of letters , for this it is complicated to type faster using bangla keyboard . the proposed keyboard will maximize the speed of operator as they can type with both hands parallel . association rule of data mining to distribute the bangla characters in the keyboard is used here . the frequencies of data consisting of monograph , digraph and trigraph are analyzed , which are derived from data wire - house , an ←
→ fully distributed and asynchronized stochastic gradient descent for networked systems ; this paper considers a general data - fitting problem over a networked system , in which many computing nodes are connected by an undirected graph . this kind of problem can find many real - world applications and has been studied extensively in the literature . however , existing solutions either need a central controller for information sharing or requires slot synchronization among different nodes , which increases the diffi ←
→ binary classifier calibration : non - parametric approach ; accurate calibration of probabilistic predictive models learned is critical for many practical prediction and decision - making tasks . there are two main categories of methods for building calibrated classifiers . one approach is to develop methods for learning probabilistic models that are well - calibrated , ab initio . the other approach is to use some post - processing methods for transforming the output of a classifier to be well calibrated , as for exampl ←
→ distributed constraint optimization problems and applications : a survey ; the field of multi - agent system ( mas ) is an active area of research within artificial intelligence , with an increasingly important impact in industrial and other real - world applications . within a mas , autonomous agents interact to pursue personal interests and / or to achieve common objectives . distributed constraint optimization problems ( dcops ) have emerged as one of the prominent agent architectures to govern the agents ' autonomous b ←
→ object classification using ensemble of local and deep features ; in this paper we propose an ensemble of local and deep features for object classification . we also compare and contrast effectiveness of feature representation capability of various layers of convolutional neural network . we demonstrate with extensive experiments for object classification that the representation capability of features from deep networks can be complemented with information captured from local features . we also find out that f ←
→ per - instance differential privacy and the adaptivity of posterior sampling in linear and ridge regression ; differential privacy ( dp ), ever since its advent , has been a controversial object . on the one hand , it provides strong provable protection of individuals in a data set , on the other hand , it has been heavily criticized for being not practical , partially due to its complete independence to the actual data set it tries to protect . in this paper , we address this issue by a new and more fine - grained not ←
→ sgdr : stochastic gradient descent with warm restarts ; restart techniques are common in gradient - free optimization to deal with multimodal functions . partial warm restarts are also gaining popularity in gradient - based optimization to improve the rate of convergence in accelerated gradient schemes to deal with ill - conditioned functions . in this paper , we propose a simple warm restart technique for stochastic gradient descent to improve its anytime performance when training deep neural networks . we empiricall ←
→ symbolic neutrosophic theory ; symbolic ( or literal ) neutrosophic theory is referring to the use of abstract symbols ( i . e . the letters t , i , f , or their refined indexed letters tj , ik , fl ) in neutrosophics . we extend the dialectical triad thesis - antithesis - synthesis to the neutrosophic tetrad thesis - antithesis - neutrothesis - neutrosynthesis . the we introduce the neutrosophic system that is a quasi or ( t , i , f ) classical system , in the sense that the neutrosophic system deals with quasi - terms ( concepts , attribut ←
→ dynamic allocation of crowd contributions for sentiment analysis during the 2016 u . s . presidential election ; opinions about the 2016 u . s . presidential candidates have been expressed in millions of tweets that are challenging to analyze automatically . crowdsourcing the analysis of political tweets effectively is also difficult , due to large inter - rater disagreements when sarcasm is involved . each tweet is typically analyzed by a fixed number of workers and majority voting . we here propose a crowdsourcing ←
→ starting engagement detection towards a companion robot using multimodal features ; recognition of intentions is a subconscious cognitive process vital to human communication . this skill enables anticipation and increases the quality of interactions between humans . within the context of engagement , non - verbal signals are used to communicate the intention of starting the interaction with a partner . in this paper , we investigated methods to detect these signals in order to allow a robot to know when it is a ←
→ object - oriented dynamic networks ; this paper contains description of such knowledge representation model as object - oriented dynamic network ( oodn ), which gives us an opportunity to represent knowledge , which can be modified in time , to build new relations between objects and classes of objects and to represent results of their modifications . the model is based on representation of objects via their properties and methods . it gives us a possibility to classify the objects and , in a sense , to build hierarchy ←
→ a qualitative linear utility theory for spohn ' s theory of epistemic beliefs ; in this paper , we formulate a qualitative " linear " utility theory for lotteries in which uncertainty is expressed qualitatively using a spohnian disbelief function . we argue that a rational decision maker facing an uncertain decision problem in which the uncertainty is expressed qualitatively should behave so as to maximize " qualitative expected utility ." our axiomatization of the qualitative utility is similar to the axiomatiza ←
→ deep reflectance maps ; undoing the image formation process and therefore decomposing appearance into its intrinsic properties is a challenging task due to the under - constraint nature of this inverse problem . while significant progress has been made on inferring shape , materials and illumination from images only , progress in an unconstrained setting is still limited . we propose a convolutional neural architecture to estimate reflectance maps of specular materials in natural lighting conditions . we achieve t ←
→ a data - parallel version of aleph ; this is to present work on modifying the aleph ilp system so that it evaluates the hypothesised clauses in parallel by distributing the data - set among the nodes of a parallel or distributed machine . the paper briefly discusses mpi , the interface used to access message - passing libraries for parallel computers and clusters . it then proceeds to describe an extension of yap prolog with an mpi interface and an implementation of data - parallel clause evaluation for aleph through ←
→ defensive forecasting for optimal prediction with expert advice ; the method of defensive forecasting is applied to the problem of prediction with expert advice for binary outcomes . it turns out that defensive forecasting is not only competitive with the aggregating algorithm but also handles the case of " second - guessing " experts , whose advice depends on the learner ' s prediction ; this paper assumes that the dependence on the learner ' s prediction is continuous .←
→ faster rates for training max - margin markov networks ; structured output prediction is an important machine learning problem both in theory and practice , and the max - margin markov network (\ mcn ) is an effective approach . all state - of - the - art algorithms for optimizing \ mcn \ objectives take at least $ o ( 1 /\ epsilon )$ number of iterations to find an $\ epsilon $ accurate solution . recent results in structured optimization suggest that faster rates are possible by exploiting the structure of the objective function .←
→ value - directed sampling methods for pomdps ; we consider the problem of approximate belief - state monitoring using particle filtering for the purposes of implementing a policy for a partially - observable markov decision process ( pomdp ). while particle filtering has become a widely - used tool in ai for monitoring dynamical systems , rather scant attention has been paid to their use in the context of decision making . assuming the existence of a value function , we derive error bounds on decision quality associated ←
→ deep multiple instance learning for zero - shot image tagging ; in - line with the success of deep learning on traditional recognition problem , several end - to - end deep models for zero - shot recognition have been proposed in the literature . these models are successful to predict a single unseen label given an input image , but does not scale to cases where multiple unseen objects are present . in this paper , we model this problem within the framework of multiple instance learning ( mil ). to the best of our knowledge ←
→ optimizing slate recommendations via slate - cvae ; the slate recommendation problem aims to find the " optimal " ordering of a subset of documents to be presented on a surface that we call " slate ". the definition of " optimal " changes depending on the underlying applications but a typical goal is to maximize user engagement with the slate . solving this problem at scale is hard due to the combinatorial explosion of documents to show and their display positions on the slate . in this paper , we introduce slate cond ←
→ relative camera pose estimation using convolutional neural networks ; this paper presents a convolutional neural network based approach for estimating the relative pose between two cameras . the proposed network takes rgb images from both cameras as input and directly produces the relative rotation and translation as output . the system is trained in an end - to - end manner utilising transfer learning from a large scale classification dataset . the introduced approach is compared with widely used local feature ba ←
→ attentive explanations : justifying decisions and pointing to the evidence ( extended abstract ) ; deep models are the defacto standard in visual decision problems due to their impressive performance on a wide array of visual tasks . on the other hand , their opaqueness has led to a surge of interest in explainable systems . in this work , we emphasize the importance of model explanation in various forms such as visual pointing and textual justification . the lack of data with justification annotations is one of ←
→ the rank - frequency analysis for the functional style corpora in the ukrainian language ; we use the rank - frequency analysis for the estimation of kernel vocabulary size within specific corpora of ukrainian . the extrapolation of high - rank behaviour is utilized for estimation of the total vocabulary size .←
→ near - optimal algorithms for online matrix prediction ; in several online prediction problems of recent interest the comparison class is composed of matrices with bounded entries . for example , in the online max - cut problem , the comparison class is matrices which represent cuts of a given graph and in online gambling the comparison class is matrices which represent permutations over n teams . another important example is online collaborative filtering in which a widely used comparison class is the set of matri ←
→ securing biometric images using reversible watermarking ; biometric security is a fast growing area . protecting biometric data is very important since it can be misused by attackers . in order to increase security of biometric data there are different methods in which watermarking is widely accepted . a more acceptable , new important development in this area is reversible watermarking in which the original image can be completely restored and the watermark can be retrieved . but reversible watermarking in biom ←
→ 3d binary signatures ; in this paper , we propose a novel binary descriptor for 3d point clouds . the proposed descriptor termed as 3d binary signature ( 3dbs ) is motivated from the matching efficiency of the binary descriptors for 2d images . 3dbs describes keypoints from point clouds with a binary vector resulting in extremely fast matching . the method uses keypoints from standard keypoint detectors . the descriptor is built by constructing a local reference frame and aligning a local surface patch accordingly ←
→ learning with differential privacy : stability , learnability and the sufficiency and necessity of erm principle ; while machine learning has proven to be a powerful data - driven solution to many real - life problems , its use in sensitive domains has been limited due to privacy concerns . a popular approach known as ** differential privacy ** offers provable privacy guarantees , but it is often observed in practice that it could substantially hamper learning accuracy . in this paper we study the learnability ( wheth ←
→ a structured prediction approach for missing value imputation ; missing value imputation is an important practical problem . there is a large body of work on it , but there does not exist any work that formulates the problem in a structured output setting . also , most applications have constraints on the imputed data , for example on the distribution associated with each variable . none of the existing imputation methods use these constraints . in this paper we propose a structured output approach for missing val ←
→ deep manifold - to - manifold transforming network for action recognition ; symmetric positive definite ( spd ) matrices ( e . g ., covariances , graph laplacians , etc .) are widely used to model the relationship of spatial or temporal domain . nevertheless , spd matrices are theoretically embedded on riemannian manifolds . in this paper , we propose an end - to - end deep manifold - to - manifold transforming network ( dmt - net ) which can make spd matrices flow from one riemannian manifold to another more discriminative one . to lea ←
→ flag n ' flare : fast linearly - coupled adaptive gradient methods ; we consider first order gradient methods for effectively optimizing a composite objective in the form of a sum of smooth and , potentially , non - smooth functions . we present accelerated and adaptive gradient methods , called flag and flare , which can offer the best of both worlds . they can achieve the optimal convergence rate by attaining the optimal first - order oracle complexity for smooth convex optimization . additionally , they can adaptively a ←
→ a simple text analytics model to assist literary criticism : comparative approach and example on james joyce against shakespeare and the bible ; literary analysis , criticism or studies is a largely valued field with dedicated journals and researchers which remains mostly within the humanities scope . text analytics is the computer - aided process of deriving information from texts . in this article we describe a simple and generic model for performing literary analysis using text analytics . the method relies o ←
→ dynamic optimization of neural network structures using probabilistic modeling ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) are powerful machine learning models and have succeeded in various artificial intelligence tasks . although various architectures and modules for the dnns have been proposed , selecting and designing the appropriate network structure for a target problem is a challenging task . in this paper , we propose a method to simultaneously optimize the network structure and weight parameters during neural netwo ←
→ learning with augmented features for heterogeneous domain adaptation ; we propose a new learning method for heterogeneous domain adaptation ( hda ), in which the data from the source domain and the target domain are represented by heterogeneous features with different dimensions . using two different projection matrices , we first transform the data from two domains into a common subspace in order to measure the similarity between the data from two domains . we then propose two new feature mapping functions to a ←
→ impulse noise removal in speech using wavelets ; a new method for removing impulse noise from speech in the wavelet transform domain is proposed . the method utilizes the multiresolution property of the wavelet transform , which provides finer time resolution at the higher frequencies than the short - time fourier transform ( stft ), to effectively identify and remove impulse noise . it uses two features of speech to discriminate speech from impulse noise : one is the slow time - varying nature of speech and the othe ←
→ sparse volterra and polynomial regression models : recoverability and estimation ; volterra and polynomial regression models play a major role in nonlinear system identification and inference tasks . exciting applications ranging from neuroscience to genome - wide association analysis build on these models with the additional requirement of parsimony . this requirement has high interpretative value , but unfortunately cannot be met by least - squares based or kernel regression methods . to this end , compressed sam ←
→ fixation prediction with a combined model of bottom - up saliency and vanishing point ; by predicting where humans look in natural scenes , we can understand how they perceive complex natural scenes and prioritize information for further high - level visual processing . several models have been proposed for this purpose , yet there is a gap between best existing saliency models and human performance . while many researchers have developed purely computational models for fixation prediction , less attempts have bee ←
→ hand tracking based on hierarchical clustering of range data ; fast and robust hand segmentation and tracking is an essential basis for gesture recognition and thus an important component for contact - less human - computer interaction ( hci ). hand gesture recognition based on 2d video data has been intensively investigated . however , in practical scenarios purely intensity based approaches suffer from uncontrollable environmental conditions like cluttered background colors . in this paper we present a real - time h ←
→ spectral analysis of projection histogram for enhancing close matching character recognition in malayalam ; the success rates of optical character recognition ( ocr ) systems for printed malayalam documents is quite impressive with the state of the art accuracy levels in the range of 85 - 95 % for various . however for real applications , further enhancement of this accuracy levels are required . one of the bottle necks in further enhancement of the accuracy is identified as close - matching characters . in this pap ←
→ dpca : dimensionality reduction for discriminative analytics of multiple large - scale datasets ; principal component analysis ( pca ) has well - documented merits for data extraction and dimensionality reduction . pca deals with a single dataset at a time , and it is challenged when it comes to analyzing multiple datasets . yet in certain setups , one wishes to extract the most significant information of one dataset relative to other datasets . specifically , the interest may be on identifying , namely extracting feat ←
→ regroupement sémantique de définitions en espagnol ; this article focuses on the description and evaluation of a new unsupervised learning method of clustering of definitions in spanish according to their semantic . textual energy was used as a clustering measure , and we study an adaptation of the precision and recall to evaluate our method .←
→ deep hybrid similarity learning for person re - identification ; person re - identification ( re - id ) aims to match person images captured from two non - overlapping cameras . in this paper , a deep hybrid similarity learning ( dhsl ) method for person re - id based on a convolution neural network ( cnn ) is proposed . in our approach , a cnn learning feature pair for the input image pair is simultaneously extracted . then , both the element - wise absolute difference and multiplication of the cnn learning feature pair are calcu ←
→ herding dynamic weights for partially observed random field models ; learning the parameters of a ( potentially partially observable ) random field model is intractable in general . instead of focussing on a single optimal parameter value we propose to treat parameters as dynamical quantities . we introduce an algorithm to generate complex dynamics for parameters and ( both visible and hidden ) state vectors . we show that under certain conditions averages computed over trajectories of the proposed dynamical syste ←
→ societal implicit memory and his speed on tracking extrema over dynamic environments using self - regulatory swarms ; in order to overcome difficult dynamic optimization and environment extrema tracking problems , we propose a self - regulated swarm ( srs ) algorithm which hybridizes the advantageous characteristics of swarm intelligence as the emergence of a societal environmental memory or cognitive map via collective pheromone laying in the landscape ( properly balancing the exploration / exploitation nature of ←
→ recent advances in content based video copy detection ; with the immense number of videos being uploaded to the video sharing sites , issue of copyright infringement arises with uploading of illicit copies or transformed versions of original video . thus safeguarding copyright of digital media has become matter of concern . to address this concern , it is obliged to have a video copy detection system which is sufficiently robust to detect these transformed videos with ability to pinpoint location of copied segm ←
→ gaptv : accurate and interpretable low - dimensional regression and classification ; we consider the problem of estimating a regression function in the common situation where the number of features is small , where interpretability of the model is a high priority , and where simple linear or additive models fail to provide adequate performance . to address this problem , we present gaptv , an approach that is conceptually related both to cart and to the more recent crisp algorithm , a state - of - the - art alternative ←
→ extractive multi document summarization using dynamical measurements of complex networks ; due to the large amount of textual information available on internet , it is of paramount relevance to use techniques that find relevant and concise content . a typical task devoted to the identification of informative sentences in documents is the so called extractive document summarization task . in this paper , we use complex network concepts to devise an extractive multi document summarization ( mds ) method , which ex ←
→ well - founded argumentation semantics for extended logic programming ; this paper defines an argumentation semantics for extended logic programming and shows its equivalence to the well - founded semantics with explicit negation . we set up a general framework in which we extensively compare this semantics to other argumentation semantics , including those of dung , and prakken and sartor . we present a general dialectical proof theory for these argumentation semantics .←
→ pattern classification in symbolic streams via semantic annihilation of information ; we propose a technique for pattern classification in symbolic streams via selective erasure of observed symbols , in cases where the patterns of interest are represented as probabilistic finite state automata ( pfsa ). we define an additive abelian group for a slightly restricted subset of probabilistic finite state automata ( pfsa ), and the group sum is used to formulate pattern - specific semantic annihilators . the annihilat ←
→ grammar - based random walkers in semantic networks ; semantic networks qualify the meaning of an edge relating any two vertices . determining which vertices are most " central " in a semantic network is difficult because one relationship type may be deemed subjectively more important than another . for this reason , research into semantic network metrics has focused primarily on context - based rankings ( i . e . user prescribed contexts ). moreover , many of the current semantic network metrics rank semantic association ←
→ verifiability of argumentation semantics ; dung ' s abstract argumentation theory is a widely used formalism to model conflicting information and to draw conclusions in such situations . hereby , the knowledge is represented by so - called argumentation frameworks ( afs ) and the reasoning is done via semantics extracting acceptable sets . all reasonable semantics are based on the notion of conflict - freeness which means that arguments are only jointly acceptable when they are not linked within the af . in this paper ,←
→ sampled weighted min - hashing for large - scale topic mining ; we present sampled weighted min - hashing ( swmh ), a randomized approach to automatically mine topics from large - scale corpora . swmh generates multiple random partitions of the corpus vocabulary based on term co - occurrence and agglomerates highly overlapping inter - partition cells to produce the mined topics . while other approaches define a topic as a probabilistic distribution over a vocabulary , swmh topics are ordered subsets of such vocabulary . inte ←
→ accurate urban road centerline extraction from vhr imagery via multiscale segmentation and tensor voting ; it is very useful and increasingly popular to extract accurate road centerlines from very - high - resolution ( vhr ) re - mote sensing imagery for various applications , such as road map generation and updating etc . there are three shortcomings of current methods : ( a ) due to the noise and occlusions ( owing to vehicles and trees ), most road extraction methods bring in heterogeneous classification results ; ( b ←
→ show - and - fool : crafting adversarial examples for neural image captioning ; modern neural image captioning systems typically adopt the encoder - decoder framework consisting of two principal components : a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) for image feature extraction and a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) for caption generation . inspired by the robustness analysis of cnn - based image classifiers to adversarial perturbations , we propose \ textbf { show - and - fool }, a novel algorithm for crafting adversarial examples i ←
→ the abzooba smart health informatics platform ( ship ) tm - from patient experiences to big data to insights ; this paper describes a technology to connect patients to information in the experiences of other patients by using the power of structured big data . the approach , implemented in the abzooba smart health informatics platform ( ship ), is to distill concepts of facts and expressions from conversations and discussions in health social media forums , and use those distilled concepts in connecting patients ←
→ scalable parallel numerical constraint solver using global load balancing ; we present a scalable parallel solver for numerical constraint satisfaction problems ( ncsps ). our parallelization scheme consists of homogeneous worker solvers , each of which runs on an available core and communicates with others via the global load balancing ( glb ) method . the parallel solver is implemented with x10 that provides an implementation of glb as a library . in experiments , several ncsps from the literature were solved a ←
→ a neural autoregressive approach to collaborative filtering ; this paper proposes cf - nade , a neural autoregressive architecture for collaborative filtering ( cf ) tasks , which is inspired by the restricted boltzmann machine ( rbm ) based cf model and the neural autoregressive distribution estimator ( nade ). we first describe the basic cf - nade model for cf tasks . then we propose to improve the model by sharing parameters between different ratings . a factored version of cf - nade is also proposed for better scalabil ←
→ binocular disparity as an explanation for the moon illusion ; we present another explanation for the moon illusion , the phenomenon in which the moon looks larger near the horizon than near the zenith . in our model of the moon illusion , the sky is considered a spatially - contiguous and geometrically - smooth surface . when an object such as the moon breaks the contiguity of the surface , instead of perceiving the object as appearing through a hole in the surface , humans perceive an occlusion of the surface . binoc ←
→ image matters : visually modeling user behaviors using advanced model server ; in taobao , the largest e - commerce platform in china , billions of items are provided and typically displayed with their images . for better user experience and business effectiveness , click through rate ( ctr ) prediction in online advertising system exploits abundant user historical behaviors to identify whether a user is interested in a candidate ad . enhancing behavior representations with user behavior images will bring user ' s vi ←
→ bethe projections for non - local inference ; many inference problems in structured prediction are naturally solved by augmenting a tractable dependency structure with complex , non - local auxiliary objectives . this includes the mean field family of variational inference algorithms , soft - or hard - constrained inference using lagrangian relaxation or linear programming , collective graphical models , and forms of semi - supervised learning such as posterior regularization . we present a method to discriminatively lear ←
→ analytic tableaux calculi for klm logics of nonmonotonic reasoning ; we present tableau calculi for some logics of nonmonotonic reasoning , as defined by kraus , lehmann and magidor . we give a tableau proof procedure for all klm logics , namely preferential , loop - cumulative , cumulative and rational logics . our calculi are obtained by introducing suitable modalities to interpret conditional assertions . we provide a decision procedure for the logics considered , and we study their complexity .←
→ progressively diffused networks for semantic image segmentation ; this paper introduces progressively diffused networks ( pdns ) for unifying multi - scale context modeling with deep feature learning , by taking semantic image segmentation as an exemplar application . prior neural networks , such as resnet , tend to enhance representational power by increasing the depth of architectures and driving the training objective across layers . however , we argue that spatial dependencies in different layers , which generally ←
→ differential privacy for functions and functional data ; differential privacy is a framework for privately releasing summaries of a database . previous work has focused mainly on methods for which the output is a finite dimensional vector , or an element of some discrete set . we develop methods for releasing functions while preserving differential privacy . specifically , we show that adding an appropriate gaussian process to the function of interest yields differential privacy . when the functions lie in the sa ←
→ bitwise operations of cellular automaton on gray - scale images ; cellular automata ( ca ) theory is a discrete model that represents the state of each of its cells from a finite set of possible values which evolve in time according to a pre - defined set of transition rules . ca have been applied to a number of image processing tasks such as convex hull detection , image denoising etc . but mostly under the limitation of restricting the input to binary images . in general , a gray - scale image may be converted to a nu ←
→ ann model to predict stock prices at stock exchange markets ; stock exchanges are considered major players in financial sectors of many countries . most stockbrokers , who execute stock trade , use technical , fundamental or time series analysis in trying to predict stock prices , so as to advise clients . however , these strategies do not usually guarantee good returns because they guide on trends and not the most likely price . it is therefore necessary to explore improved methods of prediction . the research pr ←
→ fast landmark localization with 3d component reconstruction and cnn for cross - pose recognition ; two approaches are proposed for cross - pose face recognition , one is based on the 3d reconstruction of facial components and the other is based on the deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ). unlike most 3d approaches that consider holistic faces , the proposed approach considers 3d facial components . it segments a 2d gallery face into components , reconstructs the 3d surface for each component , and recognizes a ←
→ a hybrid method for distance metric learning ; we consider the problem of learning a measure of distance among vectors in a feature space and propose a hybrid method that simultaneously learns from similarity ratings assigned to pairs of vectors and class labels assigned to individual vectors . our method is based on a generative model in which class labels can provide information that is not encoded in feature vectors but yet relates to perceived similarity between objects . experiments with synthetic data a ←
→ a shapelet transform for multivariate time series classification ; shapelets are phase independent subsequences designed for time series classification . we propose three adaptations to the shapelet transform ( st ) to capture multivariate features in multivariate time series classification . we create a unified set of data to benchmark our work on , and compare with three other algorithms . we demonstrate that multivariate shapelets are not significantly worse than other state - of - the - art algorithms .←
→ chinese song iambics generation with neural attention - based model ; learning and generating chinese poems is a charming yet challenging task . traditional approaches involve various language modeling and machine translation techniques , however , they perform not as well when generating poems with complex pattern constraints , for example song iambics , a famous type of poems that involve variable - length sentences and strict rhythmic patterns . this paper applies the attention - based sequence - to - sequence model to ←
→ adaptive problem - solving for large - scale scheduling problems : a case study ; although most scheduling problems are np - hard , domain specific techniques perform well in practice but are quite expensive to construct . in adaptive problem - solving solving , domain specific knowledge is acquired automatically for a general problem solver with a flexible control architecture . in this approach , a learning system explores a space of possible heuristic methods for one well - suited to the eccentricities of the given do ←
→ reading scene text in deep convolutional sequences ; we develop a deep - text recurrent network ( dtrn ) that regards scene text reading as a sequence labelling problem . we leverage recent advances of deep convolutional neural networks to generate an ordered high - level sequence from a whole word image , avoiding the difficult character segmentation problem . then a deep recurrent model , building on long short - term memory ( lstm ), is developed to robustly recognize the generated cnn sequences , departing from most e ←
→ optimal estimation of low rank density matrices ; the density matrices are positively semi - definite hermitian matrices of unit trace that describe the state of a quantum system . the goal of the paper is to develop minimax lower bounds on error rates of estimation of low rank density matrices in trace regression models used in quantum state tomography ( in particular , in the case of pauli measurements ) with explicit dependence of the bounds on the rank and other complexity parameters . such bounds are establis ←
→ lcr - net ++: multi - person 2d and 3d pose detection in natural images ; we propose an end - to - end architecture for joint 2d and 3d human pose estimation in natural images . key to our approach is the generation and scoring of a number of pose proposals per image , which allows us to predict 2d and 3d poses of multiple people simultaneously . hence , our approach does not require an approximate localization of the humans for initialization . our localization - classification - regression architecture , named lcr - net , cont ←
→ word representation models for morphologically rich languages in neural machine translation ; dealing with the complex word forms in morphologically rich languages is an open problem in language processing , and is particularly important in translation . in contrast to most modern neural systems of translation , which discard the identity for rare words , in this paper we propose several architectures for learning word representations from character and morpheme level word decompositions . we incorporate these ←
→ geodesic convolutional neural networks on riemannian manifolds ; feature descriptors play a crucial role in a wide range of geometry analysis and processing applications , including shape correspondence , retrieval , and segmentation . in this paper , we introduce geodesic convolutional neural networks ( gcnn ), a generalization of the convolutional networks ( cnn ) paradigm to non - euclidean manifolds . our construction is based on a local geodesic system of polar coordinates to extract " patches ", which are then pass ←
→ predicting abnormal returns from news using text classification ; we show how text from news articles can be used to predict intraday price movements of financial assets using support vector machines . multiple kernel learning is used to combine equity returns with text as predictive features to increase classification performance and we develop an analytic center cutting plane method to solve the kernel learning problem efficiently . we observe that while the direction of returns is not predictable using eit ←
→ bayesian analysis of dynamic linear topic models ; in dynamic topic modeling , the proportional contribution of a topic to a document depends on the temporal dynamics of that topic ' s overall prevalence in the corpus . we extend the dynamic topic model of blei and lafferty ( 2006 ) by explicitly modeling document level topic proportions with covariates and dynamic structure that includes polynomial trends and periodicity . a markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) algorithm that utilizes polya - gamma data augmentation is ←
→ lt ^ 2c ^ 2 : a language of thought with turing - computable kolmogorov complexity ; in this paper , we present a theoretical effort to connect the theory of program size to psychology by implementing a concrete language of thought with turing - computable kolmogorov complexity ( lt ^ 2c ^ 2 ) satisfying the following requirements : 1 ) to be simple enough so that the complexity of any given finite binary sequence can be computed , 2 ) to be based on tangible operations of human reasoning ( printing , repeating ,...), 3 ) to be ←
→ recent developments and future challenges in medical mixed reality ; mixed reality ( mr ) is of increasing interest within technology - driven modern medicine but is not yet used in everyday practice . this situation is changing rapidly , however , and this paper explores the emergence of mr technology and the importance of its utility within medical applications . a classification of medical mr has been obtained by applying an unbiased text mining method to a database of 1 , 403 relevant research papers published ov ←
→ origins of answer - set programming - some background and two personal accounts ; we discuss the evolution of aspects of nonmonotonic reasoning towards the computational paradigm of answer - set programming ( asp ). we give a general overview of the roots of asp and follow up with the personal perspective on research developments that helped verbalize the main principles of asp and differentiated it from the classical logic programming .←
→ optoelectronic reservoir computing ; reservoir computing is a recently introduced , highly efficient bio - inspired approach for processing time dependent data . the basic scheme of reservoir computing consists of a non linear recurrent dynamical system coupled to a single input layer and a single output layer . within these constraints many implementations are possible . here we report an opto - electronic implementation of reservoir computing based on a recently proposed architecture consisting of a single non li ←
→ image processing in floriculture using a robotic mobile platform ; colombia has a privileged geographical location which makes it a cornerstone and equidistant point to all regional markets . the country has a great ecological diversity and it is one of the largest suppliers of flowers for us . colombian flower companies have made innovations in the marketing process , using methods to reach all conditions for final consumers . this article develops a monitoring system for floriculture industries . the system wa ←
→ categorization axioms for clustering results ; cluster analysis has attracted more and more attention in the field of machine learning and data mining . numerous clustering algorithms have been proposed and are being developed due to diverse theories and various requirements of emerging applications . therefore , it is very worth establishing an unified axiomatic framework for data clustering . in the literature , it is an open problem and has been proved very challenging . in this paper , clustering results are a ←
→ a critique of a critique of word similarity datasets : sanity check or unnecessary confusion ? ; critical evaluation of word similarity datasets is very important for computational lexical semantics . this short report concerns the sanity check proposed in batchkarov et al . ( 2016 ) to evaluate several popular datasets such as mc , rg and men -- the first two reportedly failed . i argue that this test is unstable , offers no added insight , and needs major revision in order to fulfill its purported goal .←
→ salient object detection : a benchmark ; we extensively compare , qualitatively and quantitatively , 40 state - of - the - art models ( 28 salient object detection , 10 fixation prediction , 1 objectness , and 1 baseline ) over 6 challenging datasets for the purpose of benchmarking salient object detection and segmentation methods . from the results obtained so far , our evaluation shows a consistent rapid progress over the last few years in terms of both accuracy and running time . the top contenders in this benchmark sign ←
→ a survey on latent tree models and applications ; in data analysis , latent variables play a central role because they help provide powerful insights into a wide variety of phenomena , ranging from biological to human sciences . the latent tree model , a particular type of probabilistic graphical models , deserves attention . its simple structure - a tree - allows simple and efficient inference , while its latent variables capture complex relationships . in the past decade , the latent tree model has been subject to ←
→ coplanar repeats by energy minimization ; this paper proposes an automated method to detect , group and rectify arbitrarily - arranged coplanar repeated elements via energy minimization . the proposed energy functional combines several features that model how planes with coplanar repeats are projected into images and captures global interactions between different coplanar repeat groups and scene planes . an inference framework based on a recent variant of $\ alpha $- expansion is described and fast convergence is d ←
→ explaining first impressions : modeling , recognizing , and explaining apparent personality from videos ; explainability and interpretability are two critical aspects of decision support systems . within computer vision , they are critical in certain tasks related to human behavior analysis such as in health care applications . despite their importance , it is only recently that researchers are starting to explore these aspects . this paper provides an introduction to explainability and interpretability in the co ←
→ recurrent neural network language model adaptation derived document vector ; in many natural language processing ( nlp ) tasks , a document is commonly modeled as a bag of words using the term frequency - inverse document frequency ( tf - idf ) vector . one major shortcoming of the frequency - based tf - idf feature vector is that it ignores word orders that carry syntactic and semantic relationships among the words in a document , and they can be important in some nlp tasks such as genre classification . this paper prop ←
→ winning on the merits : the joint effects of content and style on debate outcomes ; debate and deliberation play essential roles in politics and government , but most models presume that debates are won mainly via superior style or agenda control . ideally , however , debates would be won on the merits , as a function of which side has the stronger arguments . we propose a predictive model of debate that estimates the effects of linguistic features and the latent persuasive strengths of different topics , as well ←
→ is a picture worth ten thousand words in a review dataset ? ; while textual reviews have become prominent in many recommendation - based systems , automated frameworks to provide relevant visual cues against text reviews where pictures are not available is a new form of task confronted by data mining and machine learning researchers . suggestions of pictures that are relevant to the content of a review could significantly benefit the users by increasing the effectiveness of a review . we propose a deep learning - b ←
→ prototype matching networks for large - scale multi - label genomic sequence classification ; one of the fundamental tasks in understanding genomics is the problem of predicting transcription factor binding sites ( tfbss ). with more than hundreds of transcription factors ( tfs ) as labels , genomic - sequence based tfbs prediction is a challenging multi - label classification task . there are two major biological mechanisms for tf binding : ( 1 ) sequence - specific binding patterns on genomes known as " motifs " and ( 2 ) int ←
→ r2n2 : residual recurrent neural networks for multivariate time series forecasting ; multivariate time - series modeling and forecasting is an important problem with numerous applications . traditional approaches such as var ( vector auto - regressive ) models and more recent approaches such as rnns ( recurrent neural networks ) are indispensable tools in modeling time - series data . in many multivariate time series modeling problems , there is usually a significant linear dependency component , for which vars are suit ←
→ combining strategic learning and tactical search in real - time strategy games ; a commonly used technique for managing ai complexity in real - time strategy ( rts ) games is to use action and / or state abstractions . high - level abstractions can often lead to good strategic decision making , but tactical decision quality may suffer due to lost details . a competing method is to sample the search space which often leads to good tactical performance in simple scenarios , but poor high - level planning . we propose to u ←
→ or ' s of and ' s for interpretable classification , with application to context - aware recommender systems ; we present a machine learning algorithm for building classifiers that are comprised of a small number of disjunctions of conjunctions ( or ' s of and ' s ). an example of a classifier of this form is as follows : if x satisfies ( x1 = ' blue ' and x3 = ' middle ') or ( x1 = ' blue ' and x2 = '< 15 ') or ( x1 = ' yellow '), then we predict that y = 1 , else predict y = 0 . an attribute - value pair is called a literal and a conjunc ←
→ image denoising using optimally weighted bilateral filters : a sure and fast approach ; the bilateral filter is known to be quite effective in denoising images corrupted with small dosages of additive gaussian noise . the denoising performance of the filter , however , is known to degrade quickly with the increase in noise level . several adaptations of the filter have been proposed in the literature to address this shortcoming , but often at a substantial computational overhead . in this paper , we report a simp ←
→ efficient simulation of financial stress testing scenarios with suppes - bayes causal networks ; the most recent financial upheavals have cast doubt on the adequacy of some of the conventional quantitative risk management strategies , such as var ( value at risk ), in many common situations . consequently , there has been an increasing need for verisimilar financial stress testings , namely simulating and analyzing financial portfolios in extreme , albeit rare scenarios . unlike conventional risk management which e ←
→ design of data - driven mathematical laws for optimal statistical classification systems ; this article will devise data - driven , mathematical laws that generate optimal , statistical classification systems which achieve bayes ' error rate for data distributions with unchanging statistics . thereby , i will design learning machines that minimize the bayes ' risk or probability of misclassification . i will devise a system of fundamental equations of binary classification for a classification system in statistical ←
→ learning dtw global constraint for time series classification ; 1 - nearest neighbor with the dynamic time warping ( dtw ) distance is one of the most effective classifiers on time series domain . since the global constraint has been introduced in speech community , many global constraint models have been proposed including sakoe - chiba ( s - c ) band , itakura parallelogram , and ratanamahatana - keogh ( r - k ) band . the r - k band is a general global constraint model that can represent any global constraints with arbitrary s ←
→ a hierarchical approach to designing approximate reasoning - based controllers for dynamic physical systems ; this paper presents a new technique for the design of approximate reasoning based controllers for dynamic physical systems with interacting goals . in this approach , goals are achieved based on a hierarchy defined by a control knowledge base and remain highly interactive during the execution of the control task . the approach has been implemented in a rule - based computer program which is used in conju ←
→ efficient large - scale fleet management via multi - agent deep reinforcement learning ; large - scale online ride - sharing platforms have substantially transformed our lives by reallocating transportation resources to alleviate traffic congestion and promote transportation efficiency . an efficient fleet management strategy not only can significantly improve the utilization of transportation resources but also increase the revenue and customer satisfaction . it is a challenging task to design an effective fleet m ←
→ skin lesion analysis toward melanoma detection : a challenge at the 2017 international symposium on biomedical imaging ( isbi ), hosted by the international skin imaging collaboration ( isic ) ; this article describes the design , implementation , and results of the latest installment of the dermoscopic image analysis benchmark challenge . the goal is to support research and development of algorithms for automated diagnosis of melanoma , the most lethal skin cancer . the challenge was divided into 3 tasks : lesion ←
→ panoptic segmentation ; we propose and study a novel ' panoptic segmentation ' ( ps ) task . panoptic segmentation unifies the traditionally distinct tasks of instance segmentation ( detect and segment each object instance ) and semantic segmentation ( assign a class label to each pixel ). the unification is natural and presents novel algorithmic challenges not present in either instance or semantic segmentation when studied in isolation . to measure performance on the task , we introduce a panoptic quality ( pq ) measu ←
→ deepdefense : training deep neural networks with improved robustness ; despite the efficacy on a variety of computer vision tasks , deep neural networks ( dnns ) are vulnerable to adversarial attacks , limiting their applications in security - critical systems . recent works have shown the possibility of generating imperceptibly perturbed image inputs ( a . k . a ., adversarial examples ) to fool well - trained dnn models into making arbitrary predictions . to address this problem , we propose a training recipe named deepdefe ←
→ time series prediction for graphs in kernel and dissimilarity spaces ; graph models are relevant in many fields , such as distributed computing , intelligent tutoring systems or social network analysis . in many cases , such models need to take changes in the graph structure into account , i . e . a varying number of nodes or edges . predicting such changes within graphs can be expected to yield important insight with respect to the underlying dynamics , e . g . with respect to user behaviour . however , predictive techni ←
→ inference networks and the evaluation of evidence : alternative analyses ; inference networks have a variety of important uses and are constructed by persons having quite different standpoints . discussed in this paper are three different but complementary methods for generating and analyzing probabilistic inference networks . the first method , though over eighty years old , is very useful for knowledge representation in the task of constructing probabilistic arguments . it is also useful as a heuristic device i ←
→ thinet : a filter level pruning method for deep neural network compression ; we propose an efficient and unified framework , namely thinet , to simultaneously accelerate and compress cnn models in both training and inference stages . we focus on the filter level pruning , i . e ., the whole filter would be discarded if it is less important . our method does not change the original network structure , thus it can be perfectly supported by any off - the - shelf deep learning libraries . we formally establish filter prunin ←
→ distributed - representation based hybrid recommender system with short item descriptions ; collaborative filtering ( cf ) aims to build a model from users ' past behaviors and / or similar decisions made by other users , and use the model to recommend items for users . despite of the success of previous collaborative filtering approaches , they are all based on the assumption that there are sufficient rating scores available for building high - quality recommendation models . in real world applications , however , it i ←
→ an ascription - based approach to speech acts ; the two principal areas of natural language processing research in pragmatics are belief modelling and speech act processing . belief modelling is the development of techniques to represent the mental attitudes of a dialogue participant . the latter approach , speech act processing , based on speech act theory , involves viewing dialogue in planning terms . utterances in a dialogue are modelled as steps in a plan where understanding an utterance involves deriving the ←
→ attention - based graph neural network for semi - supervised learning ; recently popularized graph neural networks achieve the state - of - the - art accuracy on a number of standard benchmark datasets for graph - based semi - supervised learning , improving significantly over existing approaches . these architectures alternate between a propagation layer that aggregates the hidden states of the local neighborhood and a fully - connected layer . perhaps surprisingly , we show that a linear model , that removes all the intermedi ←
→ discussion quality diffuses in the digital public square ; studies of online social influence have demonstrated that friends have important effects on many types of behavior in a wide variety of settings . however , we know much less about how influence works among relative strangers in digital public squares , despite important conversations happening in such spaces . we present the results of a study on large public facebook pages where we randomly used two different methods -- most recent and social feedback --←
→ a bayesian algorithm for detecting identity matches and fraud in image databases ; a statistical algorithm for categorizing different types of matches and fraud in image databases is presented . the approach is based on a generative model of a graph representing images and connections between pairs of identities , trained using properties of a matching algorithm between images .←
→ spectral angle based unary energy functions for spatial - spectral hyperspectral classification using markov random fields ; in this paper , we propose and compare two spectral angle based approaches for spatial - spectral classification . our methods use the spectral angle to generate unary energies in a grid - structured markov random field defined over the pixel labels of a hyperspectral image . the first approach is to use the exponential spectral angle mapper ( esam ) kernel / covariance function , a spectral angl ←
→ virtual to real reinforcement learning for autonomous driving ; reinforcement learning is considered as a promising direction for driving policy learning . however , training autonomous driving vehicle with reinforcement learning in real environment involves non - affordable trial - and - error . it is more desirable to first train in a virtual environment and then transfer to the real environment . in this paper , we propose a novel realistic translation network to make model trained in virtual environment be workabl ←
→ a general - purpose tagger with convolutional neural networks ; we present a general - purpose tagger based on convolutional neural networks ( cnn ), used for both composing word vectors and encoding context information . the cnn tagger is robust across different tagging tasks : without task - specific tuning of hyper - parameters , it achieves state - of - the - art results in part - of - speech tagging , morphological tagging and supertagging . the cnn tagger is also robust against the out - of - vocabulary problem , it performs well ←
→ deep learning for vanishing point detection using an inverse gnomonic projection ; we present a novel approach for vanishing point detection from uncalibrated monocular images . in contrast to state - of - the - art , we make no a priori assumptions about the observed scene . our method is based on a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) which does not use natural images , but a gaussian sphere representation arising from an inverse gnomonic projection of lines detected in an image . this allows us to rely on synthetic ←
→ multilinear map layer : prediction regularization by structural constraint ; in this paper we propose and study a technique to impose structural constraints on the output of a neural network , which can reduce amount of computation and number of parameters besides improving prediction accuracy when the output is known to approximately conform to the low - rankness prior . the technique proceeds by replacing the output layer of neural network with the so - called mlm layers , which forces the output to be the resu ←
→ self - committee approach for image restoration problems using convolutional neural network ; there have been many discriminative learning methods using convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) for several image restoration problems , which learn the mapping function from a degraded input to the clean output . in this letter , we propose a self - committee method that can find enhanced restoration results from the multiple trial of a trained cnn with different but related inputs . specifically , it is noted that the cn ←
→ deep multi - fidelity gaussian processes ; we develop a novel multi - fidelity framework that goes far beyond the classical ar ( 1 ) co - kriging scheme of kennedy and o ' hagan ( 2000 ). our method can handle general discontinuous cross - correlations among systems with different levels of fidelity . a combination of multi - fidelity gaussian processes ( ar ( 1 ) co - kriging ) and deep neural networks enables us to construct a method that is immune to discontinuities . we demonstrate the effectiveness of the new technology using s ←
→ comparison of the language networks from literature and blogs ; in this paper we present the comparison of the linguistic networks from literature and blog texts . the linguistic networks are constructed from texts as directed and weighted co - occurrence networks of words . words are nodes and links are established between two nodes if they are directly co - occurring within the sentence . the comparison of the networks structure is performed at global level ( network ) in terms of : average node degree , average sho ←
→ icon : an interactive approach to train deep neural networks for segmentation of neuronal structures ; we present an interactive approach to train a deep neural network pixel classifier for the segmentation of neuronal structures . an interactive training scheme reduces the extremely tedious manual annotation task that is typically required for deep networks to perform well on image segmentation problems . our proposed method employs a feedback loop that captures sparse annotations using a graphical user int ←
→ latent topic models for hypertext ; latent topic models have been successfully applied as an unsupervised topic discovery technique in large document collections . with the proliferation of hypertext document collection such as the internet , there has also been great interest in extending these approaches to hypertext [ 6 , 9 ]. these approaches typically model links in an analogous fashion to how they model words - the document - link co - occurrence matrix is modeled in the same way that the document - word co - occu ←
→ spatial projection of multiple climate variables using hierarchical multitask learning ; future projection of climate is typically obtained by combining outputs from multiple earth system models ( esms ) for several climate variables such as temperature and precipitation . while ipcc has traditionally used a simple model output average , recent work has illustrated potential advantages of using a multitask learning ( mtl ) framework for projections of individual climate variables . in this paper we introduce a f ←
→ oracle mcg : a first peek into coco detection challenges ; the recently presented coco detection challenge will most probably be the reference benchmark in object detection in the next years . coco is two orders of magnitude larger than pascal and has four times the number of categories ; so in all likelihood researchers will be faced with a number of new challenges . at this point , without any finished round of the competition , it is difficult for researchers to put their techniques in context , or in other wor ←
→ covariance function pre - training with m - kernels for accelerated bayesian optimisation ; the paper presents a novel approach to direct covariance function learning for bayesian optimisation , with particular emphasis on experimental design problems where an existing corpus of condensed knowledge is present . the method presented borrows techniques from reproducing kernel banach space theory ( specifically m - kernels ) and leverages them to convert ( or re - weight ) existing covariance functions into new , problem - s ←
→ extractive multi - document summarization using multilayer networks ; huge volumes of textual information has been produced every single day . in order to organize and understand such large datasets , in recent years , summarization techniques have become popular . these techniques aims at finding relevant , concise and non - redundant content from such a big data . while network methods have been adopted to model texts in some scenarios , a systematic evaluation of multilayer network models in the multi - document summ ←
→ cross - language framework for word recognition and spotting of indic scripts ; handwritten word recognition and spotting of low - resource scripts are difficult as sufficient training data is not available and it is often expensive for collecting data of such scripts . this paper presents a novel cross language platform for handwritten word recognition and spotting for such low - resource scripts where training is performed with a sufficiently large dataset of an available script ( considered as source script ) a ←
→ moleculenet : a benchmark for molecular machine learning ; molecular machine learning has been maturing rapidly over the last few years . improved methods and the presence of larger datasets have enabled machine learning algorithms to make increasingly accurate predictions about molecular properties . however , algorithmic progress has been limited due to the lack of a standard benchmark to compare the efficacy of proposed methods ; most new algorithms are benchmarked on different datasets making it challenging ←
→ lexical - morphological modeling for legal text analysis ; in the context of the competition on legal information extraction / entailment ( coliee ), we propose a method comprising the necessary steps for finding relevant documents to a legal question and deciding on textual entailment evidence to provide a correct answer . the proposed method is based on the combination of several lexical and morphological characteristics , to build a language model and a set of features for machine learning algorithms . we provide ←
→ evaluate the malignancy of pulmonary nodules using the 3d deep leaky noisy - or network ; automatic diagnosing lung cancer from computed tomography ( ct ) scans involves two steps : detect all suspicious lesions ( pulmonary nodules ) and evaluate the whole - lung / pulmonary malignancy . currently , there are many studies about the first step , but few about the second step . since the existence of nodule does not definitely indicate cancer , and the morphology of nodule has a complicated relationship with cancer , the di ←
→ unsupervised feature learning for dense correspondences across scenes ; we propose a fast , accurate matching method for estimating dense pixel correspondences across scenes . it is a challenging problem to estimate dense pixel correspondences between images depicting different scenes or instances of the same object category . while most such matching methods rely on hand - crafted features such as sift , we learn features from a large amount of unlabeled image patches using unsupervised learning . pixel - layer fea ←
→ diversity constraints in public housing allocation ; the state of singapore operates a national public housing program , accounting for over 80 % of its residential real estate . singapore uses its housing allocation program to ensure ethnic diversity in its neighborhoods ; it does so by imposing ethnic quotas : every ethnic group must not own more than a certain percentage in a housing project , thus ensuring that every neighborhood contains members from each ethnic group . however , imposing diversity constraints ←
→ parametric external predicates for the dlv system ; this document describes syntax , semantics and implementation guidelines in order to enrich the dlv system with the possibility to make external c function calls . this feature is realized by the introduction of parametric external predicates , whose extension is not specified through a logic program but implicitly computed through external code .←
→ approximate joint matrix triangularization ; we consider the problem of approximate joint triangularization of a set of noisy jointly diagonalizable real matrices . approximate joint triangularizers are commonly used in the estimation of the joint eigenstructure of a set of matrices , with applications in signal processing , linear algebra , and tensor decomposition . by assuming the input matrices to be perturbations of noise - free , simultaneously diagonalizable ground - truth matrices , the approximate joint trian ←
→ high - quality correspondence and segmentation estimation for dual - lens smart - phone portraits ; estimating correspondence between two images and extracting the foreground object are two challenges in computer vision . with dual - lens smart phones , such as iphone 7plus and huawei p9 , coming into the market , two images of slightly different views provide us new information to unify the two topics . we propose a joint method to tackle them simultaneously via a joint fully connected conditional random field ( crf ) ←
→ counting belief propagation ; a major benefit of graphical models is that most knowledge is captured in the model structure . many models , however , produce inference problems with a lot of symmetries not reflected in the graphical structure and hence not exploitable by efficient inference techniques such as belief propagation ( bp ). in this paper , we present a new and simple bp algorithm , called counting bp , that exploits such additional symmetries . starting from a given factor graph , counting bp first constr ←
→ the use of cuckoo search in estimating the parameters of software reliability growth models ; this work aims to investigate the reliability of software products as an important attribute of computer programs ; it helps to decide the degree of trustworthiness a program has in accomplishing its specific functions . this is done using the software reliability growth models ( srgms ) through the estimation of their parameters . the parameters are estimated in this work based on the available failure data and with ←
→ tree space prototypes : another look at making tree ensembles interpretable ; ensembles of decision trees have good prediction accuracy but suffer from a lack of interpretability . we propose a new approach for interpreting tree ensembles by finding prototypes in tree space , utilizing the naturally - learned similarity measure from the tree ensemble . demonstrating the method on random forests , we show that the method benefits from unique aspects of tree ensembles by leveraging tree structure to sequentially f ←
→ dictionary learning and sparse coding - based denoising for high - resolution task functional connectivity mri analysis ; we propose a novel denoising framework for task functional magnetic resonance imaging ( tfmri ) data to delineate the high - resolution spatial pattern of the brain functional connectivity via dictionary learning and sparse coding ( dlsc ). in order to address the limitations of the unsupervised dlsc - based fmri studies , we utilize the prior knowledge of task paradigm in the learning step to trai ←
→ image retargeting by content - aware synthesis ; real - world images usually contain vivid contents and rich textural details , which will complicate the manipulation on them . in this paper , we design a new framework based on content - aware synthesis to enhance content - aware image retargeting . by detecting the textural regions in an image , the textural image content can be synthesized rather than simply distorted or cropped . this method enables the manipulation of textural & non - textural regions with different st ←
→ net2net : accelerating learning via knowledge transfer ; we introduce techniques for rapidly transferring the information stored in one neural net into another neural net . the main purpose is to accelerate the training of a significantly larger neural net . during real - world workflows , one often trains very many different neural networks during the experimentation and design process . this is a wasteful process in which each new model is trained from scratch . our net2net technique accelerates the experimentati ←
→ extracting actionability from machine learning models by sub - optimal deterministic planning ; a main focus of machine learning research has been improving the generalization accuracy and efficiency of prediction models . many models such as svm , random forest , and deep neural nets have been proposed and achieved great success . however , what emerges as missing in many applications is actionability , i . e ., the ability to turn prediction results into actions . for example , in applications such as customer relat ←
→ escaping saddles with stochastic gradients ; we analyze the variance of stochastic gradients along negative curvature directions in certain non - convex machine learning models and show that stochastic gradients exhibit a strong component along these directions . furthermore , we show that - contrary to the case of isotropic noise - this variance is proportional to the magnitude of the corresponding eigenvalues and not decreasing in the dimensionality . based upon this observation we propose a new assumption und ←
→ discriminating word senses with tourist walks in complex networks ; patterns of topological arrangement are widely used for both animal and human brains in the learning process . nevertheless , automatic learning techniques frequently overlook these patterns . in this paper , we apply a learning technique based on the structural organization of the data in the attribute space to the problem of discriminating the senses of 10 polysemous words . using two types of characterization of meanings , namely semantical an ←
→ a comparison between data mining prediction algorithms for fault detection ( case study : ahanpishegan co .) ; in the current competitive world , industrial companies seek to manufacture products of higher quality which can be achieved by increasing reliability , maintainability and thus the availability of products . on the other hand , improvement in products lifecycle is necessary for achieving high reliability . typically , maintenance activities are aimed to reduce failures of industrial machinery and minimize ←
→ joint pixel and feature - level domain adaptation in the wild ; recent developments in deep domain adaptation have allowed knowledge transfer from a labeled source domain to an unlabeled target domain at the level of intermediate features or input pixels . we propose that advantages may be derived by combining them , in the form of different insights that lead to a novel design and complementary properties that result in better performance . at the feature level , inspired by insights from semi - supervised learnin ←
→ policy evaluation with variance related risk criteria in markov decision processes ; in this paper we extend temporal difference policy evaluation algorithms to performance criteria that include the variance of the cumulative reward . such criteria are useful for risk management , and are important in domains such as finance and process control . we propose both td ( 0 ) and lstd ( lambda ) variants with linear function approximation , prove their convergence , and demonstrate their utility in a 4 - dimensional contin ←
→ design of fuzzy logic traffic controller for isolated intersections with emergency vehicle priority system using matlab simulation ; traffic is the chief puzzle problem which every country faces because of the enhancement in number of vehicles throughout the world , especially in large urban towns . hence the need arises for simulating and optimizing traffic control algorithms to better accommodate this increasing demand . fuzzy optimization deals with finding the values of input parameters of a complex simu ←
→ inherent biases of recurrent neural networks for phonological assimilation and dissimilation ; a recurrent neural network model of phonological pattern learning is proposed . the model is a relatively simple neural network with one recurrent layer , and displays biases in learning that mimic observed biases in human learning . single - feature patterns are learned faster than two - feature patterns , and vowel or consonant - only patterns are learned faster than patterns involving vowels and consonants , mimicking t ←
→ pylearn2 : a machine learning research library ; pylearn2 is a machine learning research library . this does not just mean that it is a collection of machine learning algorithms that share a common api ; it means that it has been designed for flexibility and extensibility in order to facilitate research projects that involve new or unusual use cases . in this paper we give a brief history of the library , an overview of its basic philosophy , a summary of the library ' s architecture , and a description of how the p ←
→ scan order in gibbs sampling : models in which it matters and bounds on how much ; gibbs sampling is a markov chain monte carlo sampling technique that iteratively samples variables from their conditional distributions . there are two common scan orders for the variables : random scan and systematic scan . due to the benefits of locality in hardware , systematic scan is commonly used , even though most statistical guarantees are only for random scan . while it has been conjectured that the mixing times of random ←
→ nonlinear online learning with adaptive nyström approximation ; use of nonlinear feature maps via kernel approximation has led to success in many online learning tasks . as a popular kernel approximation method , nystr \"{ o } m approximation , has been well investigated , and various landmark points selection methods have been proposed to improve the approximation quality . however , these improved nystr \"{ o } m methods cannot be directly applied to the online learning setting as they need to access the entire dataset ←
→ stacking - based deep neural network : deep analytic network on convolutional spectral histogram features ; stacking - based deep neural network ( s - dnn ), in general , denotes a deep neural network ( dnn ) resemblance in terms of its very deep , feedforward network architecture . the typical s - dnn aggregates a variable number of individually learnable modules in series to assemble a dnn - alike alternative to the targeted object recognition tasks . this work likewise devises an s - dnn instantiation , dubbed deep analytic ←
→ efficient optimisation of structures using tabu search ; this paper presents a novel approach to the optimisation of structures using a tabu search ( ts ) method . ts is a metaheuristic which is used to guide local search methods towards a globally optimal solution by using flexible memory cycles of differing time spans . results are presented for the well established ten bar truss problem and compared to results published in the literature . in the first example a truss is optimised to minimise mass and the res ←
→ an analysis of visual question answering algorithms ; in visual question answering ( vqa ), an algorithm must answer text - based questions about images . while multiple datasets for vqa have been created since late 2014 , they all have flaws in both their content and the way algorithms are evaluated on them . as a result , evaluation scores are inflated and predominantly determined by answering easier questions , making it difficult to compare different methods . in this paper , we analyze existing vqa algorithms usi ←
→ nonconvex nonsmooth low - rank minimization via iteratively reweighted nuclear norm ; the nuclear norm is widely used as a convex surrogate of the rank function in compressive sensing for low rank matrix recovery with its applications in image recovery and signal processing . however , solving the nuclear norm based relaxed convex problem usually leads to a suboptimal solution of the original rank minimization problem . in this paper , we propose to perform a family of nonconvex surrogates of $ l_0 $- norm on the ←
→ generative adversarial source separation ; generative source separation methods such as non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) or auto - encoders , rely on the assumption of an output probability density . generative adversarial networks ( gans ) can learn data distributions without needing a parametric assumption on the output density . we show on a speech source separation experiment that , a multi - layer perceptron trained with a wasserstein - gan formulation outperforms nmf , auto - encoders trained with maximum lik ←
→ orthogonal recurrent neural networks with scaled cayley transform ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) are designed to handle sequential data but suffer from vanishing or exploding gradients . recent work on unitary recurrent neural networks ( urnns ) have been used to address this issue and in some cases , exceed the capabilities of long short - term memory networks ( lstms ). we propose a simpler and novel update scheme to maintain orthogonal recurrent weight matrices without using complex valued matrices . this is ←
→ morphological reconstruction for word level script identification ; a line of a bilingual document page may contain text words in regional language and numerals in english . for optical character recognition ( ocr ) of such a document page , it is necessary to identify different script forms before running an individual ocr system . in this paper , we have identified a tool of morphological opening by reconstruction of an image in different directions and regional descriptors for script identification at word lev ←
→ sparse matrix - variate gaussian process blockmodels for network modeling ; we face network data from various sources , such as protein interactions and online social networks . a critical problem is to model network interactions and identify latent groups of network nodes . this problem is challenging due to many reasons . for example , the network nodes are interdependent instead of independent of each other , and the data are known to be very noisy ( e . g ., missing edges ). to address these challenges , we propose a ←
→ f - measure maximization in multi - label classification with conditionally independent label subsets ; we discuss a method to improve the exact f - measure maximization algorithm called gfm , proposed in ( dembczynski et al . 2011 ) for multi - label classification , assuming the label set can be can partitioned into conditionally independent subsets given the input features . if the labels were all independent , the estimation of only $ m $ parameters ($ m $ denoting the number of labels ) would suffice to derive bayes - opt ←
→ 500 + times faster than deep learning ( a case study exploring faster methods for text mining stackoverflow ) ; deep learning methods are useful for high - dimensional data and are becoming widely used in many areas of software engineering . deep learners utilizes extensive computational power and can take a long time to train -- making it difficult to widely validate and repeat and improve their results . further , they are not the best solution in all domains . for example , recent results show that for finding re ←
→ large scale graph learning from smooth signals ; graphs are a prevalent tool in data science , as they model the inherent structure of the data . they have been used successfully in unsupervised and semi - supervised learning . typically they are constructed either by connecting nearest samples , or by learning them from data , solving an optimization problem . while graph learning does achieve a better quality , it also comes with a higher computational cost . in particular , the current state - of - the - art model cost i ←
→ semantic amodal segmentation ; common visual recognition tasks such as classification , object detection , and semantic segmentation are rapidly reaching maturity , and given the recent rate of progress , it is not unreasonable to conjecture that techniques for many of these problems will approach human levels of performance in the next few years . in this paper we look to the future : what is the next frontier in visual recognition ? we offer one possible answer to this question . we propose a detailed image ann ←
→ data - driven sequential monte carlo in probabilistic programming ; most of markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) and sequential monte carlo ( smc ) algorithms in existing probabilistic programming systems suboptimally use only model priors as proposal distributions . in this work , we describe an approach for training a discriminative model , namely a neural network , in order to approximate the optimal proposal by using posterior estimates from previous runs of inference . we show an example that incorporates a data - dri ←
→ power to the points : validating data memberships in clusterings ; a clustering is an implicit assignment of labels of points , based on proximity to other points . it is these labels that are then used for downstream analysis ( either focusing on individual clusters , or identifying representatives of clusters and so on ). thus , in order to trust a clustering as a first step in exploratory data analysis , we must trust the labels assigned to individual data . without supervision , how can we validate this assignmen ←
→ an efficient algorithm for estimating state sequences in imprecise hidden markov models ; we present an efficient exact algorithm for estimating state sequences from outputs ( or observations ) in imprecise hidden markov models ( ihmm ), where both the uncertainty linking one state to the next , and that linking a state to its output , are represented using coherent lower previsions . the notion of independence we associate with the credal network representing the ihmm is that of epistemic irrelevance . we consid ←
→ tracklet association by online target - specific metric learning and coherent dynamics estimation ; in this paper , we present a novel method based on online target - specific metric learning and coherent dynamics estimation for tracklet ( track fragment ) association by network flow optimization in long - term multi - person tracking . our proposed framework aims to exploit appearance and motion cues to prevent identity switches during tracking and to recover missed detections . furthermore , target - specific metrics (←
→ center - focusing multi - task cnn with injected features for classification of glioma nuclear images ; classifying the various shapes and attributes of a glioma cell nucleus is crucial for diagnosis and understanding the disease . we investigate automated classification of glioma nuclear shapes and visual attributes using convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) on pathology images of automatically segmented nuclei . we propose three methods that improve the performance of a previously - developed semi - supervised cn ←
→ theory - based inductive learning : an integration of symbolic and quantitative methods ; the objective of this paper is to propose a method that will generate a causal explanation of observed events in an uncertain world and then make decisions based on that explanation . feedback can cause the explanation and decisions to be modified . i call the method theory - based inductive learning ( t - bil ). t - bil integrates deductive learning , based on a technique called explanation - based generalization ( ebg ) from the fie ←
→ calligraphic stylisation learning with a physiologically plausible model of movement and recurrent neural networks ; we propose a computational framework to learn stylisation patterns from example drawings or writings , and then generate new trajectories that possess similar stylistic qualities . we particularly focus on the generation and stylisation of trajectories that are similar to the ones that can be seen in calligraphy and graffiti art . our system is able to extract and learn dynamic and visual qual ←
→ hdltex : hierarchical deep learning for text classification ; the continually increasing number of documents produced each year necessitates ever improving information processing methods for searching , retrieving , and organizing text . central to these information processing methods is document classification , which has become an important application for supervised learning . recently the performance of these traditional classifiers has degraded as the number of documents has increased . this is because along ←
→ the predictive context tree : predicting contexts and interactions ; with a large proportion of people carrying location - aware smartphones , we have an unprecedented platform from which to understand individuals and predict their future actions . this work builds upon the context tree data structure that summarises the historical contexts of individuals from augmented geospatial trajectories , and constructs a predictive model for their likely future contexts . the predictive context tree ( pct ) is constructed as ←
→ bounds on sample size for policy evaluation in markov environments ; reinforcement learning means finding the optimal course of action in markovian environments without knowledge of the environment ' s dynamics . stochastic optimization algorithms used in the field rely on estimates of the value of a policy . typically , the value of a policy is estimated from results of simulating that very policy in the environment . this approach requires a large amount of simulation as different points in the policy space are ←
→ critical learning periods in deep neural networks ; critical periods are phases in the early development of humans and animals during which experience can affect the structure of neuronal networks irreversibly . in this work , we study the effects of visual stimulus deficits on the training of artificial neural networks ( anns ). introducing well - characterized visual deficits , such as cataract - like blurring , in the early training phase of a standard deep neural network causes irreversible performance loss that ←
→ rational choice and artificial intelligence ; the theory of rational choice assumes that when people make decisions they do so in order to maximize their utility . in order to achieve this goal they ought to use all the information available and consider all the choices available to choose an optimal choice . this paper investigates what happens when decisions are made by artificially intelligent machines in the market rather than human beings . firstly , the expectations of the future are more consistent if th ←
→ learning deeply supervised visual descriptors for dense monocular reconstruction ; visual slam ( simultaneous localization and mapping ) methods typically rely on handcrafted visual features or raw rgb values for establishing correspondences between images . these features , while suitable for sparse mapping , often lead to ambiguous matches at texture - less regions when performing dense reconstruction due to the aperture problem . in this work , we explore the use of learned features for the matching task in den ←
→ anomaly detection and localisation using mixed graphical models ; we propose a method that performs anomaly detection and localisation within heterogeneous data using a pairwise undirected mixed graphical model . the data are a mixture of categorical and quantitative variables , and the model is learned over a dataset that is supposed not to contain any anomaly . we then use the model over temporal data , potentially a data stream , using a version of the two - sided cusum algorithm . the proposed decision statisti ←
→ the child is father of the man : foresee the success at the early stage ; understanding the dynamic mechanisms that drive the high - impact scientific work ( e . g ., research papers , patents ) is a long - debated research topic and has many important implications , ranging from personal career development and recruitment search , to the jurisdiction of research resources . recent advances in characterizing and modeling scientific success have made it possible to forecast the long - term impact of scientific work , where d ←
→ collective entity disambiguation with structured gradient tree boosting ; we present a gradient - tree - boosting - based structured learning model for jointly disambiguating named entities in a document . gradient tree boosting is a widely used machine learning algorithm that underlies many top - performing natural language processing systems . surprisingly , most works limit the use of gradient tree boosting as a tool for regular classification or regression problems , despite the structured nature of language . to th ←
→ a probabilistic quality representation approach to deep blind image quality prediction ; blind image quality assessment ( biqa ) remains a very challenging problem due to the unavailability of a reference image . deep learning based biqa methods have been attracting increasing attention in recent years , yet it remains a difficult task to train a robust deep biqa model because of the very limited number of training samples with human subjective scores . most existing methods learn a regression network to minim ←
→ interactive graphics for visually diagnosing forest classifiers in r ; this paper describes structuring data and constructing plots to explore forest classification models interactively . a forest classifier is an example of an ensemble , produced by bagging multiple trees . the process of bagging and combining results from multiple trees , produces numerous diagnostics which , with interactive graphics , can provide a lot of insight into class structure in high dimensions . various aspects are explored in this pa ←
→ exposure : a white - box photo post - processing framework ; retouching can significantly elevate the visual appeal of photos , but many casual photographers lack the expertise to do this well . to address this problem , previous works have proposed automatic retouching systems based on supervised learning from paired training images acquired before and after manual editing . as it is difficult for users to acquire paired images that reflect their retouching preferences , we present in this paper a deep learning appr ←
→ principal geodesic analysis for probability measures under the optimal transport metric ; given a family of probability measures in p ( x ), the space of probability measures on a hilbert space x , our goal in this paper is to highlight one ore more curves in p ( x ) that summarize efficiently that family . we propose to study this problem under the optimal transport ( wasserstein ) geometry , using curves that are restricted to be geodesic segments under that metric . we show that concepts that play a key role in eu ←
→ optimization over sparse symmetric sets via a nonmonotone projected gradient method ; we consider the problem of minimizing a lipschitz differentiable function over a class of sparse symmetric sets that has wide applications in engineering and science . for this problem , it is known that any accumulation point of the classical projected gradient ( pg ) method with a constant stepsize $ 1 / l $ satisfies the $ l $- stationarity optimality condition that was introduced in [ 3 ]. in this paper we introduce a new optimal ←
→ distributed gaussian learning over time - varying directed graphs ; we present a distributed ( non - bayesian ) learning algorithm for the problem of parameter estimation with gaussian noise . the algorithm is expressed as explicit updates on the parameters of the gaussian beliefs ( i . e . means and precision ). we show a convergence rate of $ o ( 1 / k )$ with the constant term depending on the number of agents and the topology of the network . moreover , we show almost sure convergence to the optimal solution of the estimat ←
→ combinatorial semi - bandit with known covariance ; the combinatorial stochastic semi - bandit problem is an extension of the classical multi - armed bandit problem in which an algorithm pulls more than one arm at each stage and the rewards of all pulled arms are revealed . one difference with the single arm variant is that the dependency structure of the arms is crucial . previous works on this setting either used a worst - case approach or imposed independence of the arms . we introduce a way to quantify the depende ←
→ robust structure from motion in the presence of outliers and missing data ; structure from motion is an import theme in computer vision . although great progress has been made both in theory and applications , most of the algorithms only work for static scenes and rigid objects . in recent years , structure and motion recovery of non - rigid objects and dynamic scenes have received a lot of attention . in this paper , the state - of - the - art techniques for structure and motion factorization of non - rigid objects are ←
→ stochastic model for the vocabulary growth in natural languages ; we propose a stochastic model for the number of different words in a given database which incorporates the dependence on the database size and historical changes . the main feature of our model is the existence of two different classes of words : ( i ) a finite number of core - words which have higher frequency and do not affect the probability of a new word to be used ; and ( ii ) the remaining virtually infinite number of noncore - words which have lo ←
→ a topological approach to meta - heuristics : analytical results on the bfs vs . dfs algorithm selection problem ; search is a central problem in artificial intelligence , and bfs and dfs the two most fundamental ways to search . in this report we derive results for average bfs and dfs runtime : for tree search , we employ a probabilistic model of goal distribution ; for graph search , the analysis depends on an additional statistic of path redundancy and average branching factor . as an application , we use the resu ←
→ steps towards programs that manage uncertainty ; reasoning under uncertainty in al hats come to mean assessing the credibility of hypotheses inferred from evidence . but techniques for assessing credibility do not tell a problem solver what to do when it is uncertain . this is the focus of our current research . we have developed a medical expert system called mum , for managing uncertainty in medicine , that plans diagnostic sequences of questions , tests , and treatments . this paper describes the kinds of proble ←
→ discovering potential correlations via hypercontractivity ; discovering a correlation from one variable to another variable is of fundamental scientific and practical interest . while existing correlation measures are suitable for discovering average correlation , they fail to discover hidden or potential correlations . to bridge this gap , ( i ) we postulate a set of natural axioms that we expect a measure of potential correlation to satisfy ; ( ii ) we show that the rate of information bottleneck , i . e ., the hyperc ←
→ optimal reinforcement learning for gaussian systems ; the exploration - exploitation trade - off is among the central challenges of reinforcement learning . the optimal bayesian solution is intractable in general . this paper studies to what extent analytic statements about optimal learning are possible if all beliefs are gaussian processes . a first order approximation of learning of both loss and dynamics , for nonlinear , time - varying systems in continuous time and space , subject to a relatively weak restriction ←
→ vietnamese named entity recognition using token regular expressions and bidirectional inference ; this paper describes an efficient approach to improve the accuracy of a named entity recognition system for vietnamese . the approach combines regular expressions over tokens and a bidirectional inference method in a sequence labelling model . the proposed method achieves an overall $ f_1 $ score of 89 . 66 % on a test set of an evaluation campaign , organized in late 2016 by the vietnamese language and speech proces ←
→ time - causal and time - recursive spatio - temporal receptive fields ; we present an improved model and theory for time - causal and time - recursive spatio - temporal receptive fields , based on a combination of gaussian receptive fields over the spatial domain and first - order integrators or equivalently truncated exponential filters coupled in cascade over the temporal domain . compared to previous spatio - temporal scale - space formulations in terms of non - enhancement of local extrema or scale invariance , these recept ←
→ hierarchically compositional kernels for scalable nonparametric learning ; we propose a novel class of kernels to alleviate the high computational cost of large - scale nonparametric learning with kernel methods . the proposed kernel is defined based on a hierarchical partitioning of the underlying data domain , where the nystr \" om method ( a globally low - rank approximation ) is married with a locally lossless approximation in a hierarchical fashion . the kernel maintains ( strict ) positive - definiteness . the corres ←
→ thinking , fast and slow : combining vector spaces and knowledge graphs ; knowledge graphs and vector space models are robust knowledge representation techniques with individual strengths and weaknesses . vector space models excel at determining similarity between concepts , but are severely constrained when evaluating complex dependency relations and other logic - based operations that are a strength of knowledge graphs . we describe the vkg structure that helps unify knowledge graphs and vector representation of ←
→ robust multi - view pedestrian tracking using neural networks ; in this paper , we present a real - time robust multi - view pedestrian detection and tracking system for video surveillance using neural networks which can be used in dynamic environments . the proposed system consists of two phases : multi - view pedestrian detection and tracking . first , pedestrian detection utilizes background subtraction to segment the foreground blob . an adaptive background subtraction method where each of the pixel of input image mo ←
→ analytic expressions for stochastic distances between relaxed complex wishart distributions ; the scaled complex wishart distribution is a widely used model for multilook full polarimetric sar data whose adequacy has been attested in the literature . classification , segmentation , and image analysis techniques which depend on this model have been devised , and many of them employ some type of dissimilarity measure . in this paper we derive analytic expressions for four stochastic distances between relaxed sca ←
→ improving object detection with region similarity learning ; object detection aims to identify instances of semantic objects of a certain class in images or videos . the success of state - of - the - art approaches is attributed to the significant progress of object proposal and convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). most promising detectors involve multi - task learning with an optimization objective of softmax loss and regression loss . the first is for multi - class categorization , while the latter is for improving l ←
→ ontoseg : a novel approach to text segmentation using ontological similarity ; text segmentation ( ts ) aims at dividing long text into coherent segments which reflect the subtopic structure of the text . it is beneficial to many natural language processing tasks , such as information retrieval ( ir ) and document summarisation . current approaches to text segmentation are similar in that they all use word - frequency metrics to measure the similarity between two regions of text , so that a document is segmented bas ←
→ entropy estimation of symbol sequences ; we discuss algorithms for estimating the shannon entropy h of finite symbol sequences with long range correlations . in particular , we consider algorithms which estimate h from the code lengths produced by some compression algorithm . our interest is in describing their convergence with sequence length , assuming no limits for the space and time complexities of the compression algorithms . a scaling law is proposed for extrapolation from finite sample lengths . this is ap ←
→ investigating the evolvability of web page load time ; client - side javascript execution environments ( browsers ) allow anonymous functions and event - based programming concepts such as callbacks . we investigate whether a mutate - and - test approach can be used to optimise web page load time in these environments . first , we characterise a web page load issue in a benchmark web page and derive performance metrics from page load event traces . we parse javascript source code to an ast and make changes to method call ←
→ steps towards a theory of visual information : active perception , signal - to - symbol conversion and the interplay between sensing and control ; this manuscript describes the elements of a theory of information tailored to control and decision tasks and specifically to visual data . the concept of actionable information is described , that relates to a notion of information championed by j . gibson , and a notion of " complete information " that relates to the minimal sufficient statistics of a complete representat ←
→ blind cognitive mac protocols ; we consider the design of cognitive medium access control ( mac ) protocols enabling an unlicensed ( secondary ) transmitter - receiver pair to communicate over the idle periods of a set of licensed channels , i . e ., the primary network . the objective is to maximize data throughput while maintaining the synchronization between secondary users and avoiding interference with licensed ( primary ) users . no statistical information about the primary traffic is assumed to be available a - prio ←
→ the impact of entropy and solution density on selected sat heuristics ; in a recent article [ oh ' 15 ], oh examined the impact of various key heuristics ( e . g ., deletion strategy , restart policy , decay factor , database reduction ) in competitive sat solvers . his key findings are that their expected success depends on whether the input formula is satisfiable or not . to further investigate these findings , we focused on two properties of satisfiable formulas : the entropy of the formula , which approximates the freed ←
→ decentralized topic modelling with latent dirichlet allocation ; privacy preserving networks can be modelled as decentralized networks ( e . g ., sensors , connected objects , smartphones ), where communication between nodes of the network is not controlled by an all - knowing , central node . for this type of networks , the main issue is to gather / learn global information on the network ( e . g ., by optimizing a global cost function ) while keeping the ( sensitive ) information at each node . in this work , we focus on text i ←
→ validation of soft classification models using partial class memberships : an extended concept of sensitivity & co . applied to the grading of astrocytoma tissues ; we use partial class memberships in soft classification to model uncertain labelling and mixtures of classes . partial class memberships are not restricted to predictions , but may also occur in reference labels ( ground truth , gold standard diagnosis ) for training and validation data . classifier performance is usually expressed as fractions of ←
→ nnvlp : a neural network - based vietnamese language processing toolkit ; this paper demonstrates neural network - based toolkit namely nnvlp for essential vietnamese language processing tasks including part - of - speech ( pos ) tagging , chunking , named entity recognition ( ner ). our toolkit is a combination of bidirectional long short - term memory ( bi - lstm ), convolutional neural network ( cnn ), conditional random field ( crf ), using pre - trained word embeddings as input , which achieves state - of - the - art results on these t ←
→ secure surf with fully homomorphic encryption ; cloud computing is an important part of today ' s world because offloading computations is a method to reduce costs . in this paper , we investigate computing the speeded up robust features ( surf ) using fully homomorphic encryption ( fhe ). performing surf in fhe enables a method to offload the computations while maintaining security and privacy of the original data . in support of this research , we developed a framework to compute surf via a rational number based co ←
→ exploiting contextual independence in probabilistic inference ; bayesian belief networks have grown to prominence because they provide compact representations for many problems for which probabilistic inference is appropriate , and there are algorithms to exploit this compactness . the next step is to allow compact representations of the conditional probabilities of a variable given its parents . in this paper we present such a representation that exploits contextual independence in terms of parent contexts ; w ←
→ pedestrian prediction by planning using deep neural networks ; accurate traffic participant prediction is the prerequisite for collision avoidance of autonomous vehicles . in this work , we predict pedestrians by emulating their own motion planning . from online observations , we infer a mixture density function for possible destinations . we use this result as the goal states of a planning stage that performs motion prediction based on common behavior patterns . the entire system is modeled as one monolithic neu ←
→ two - phase learning for weakly supervised object localization ; weakly supervised semantic segmentation and localiza - tion have a problem of focusing only on the most important parts of an image since they use only image - level annota - tions . in this paper , we solve this problem fundamentally via two - phase learning . our networks are trained in two steps . in the first step , a conventional fully convolutional network ( fcn ) is trained to find the most discriminative parts of an image . in the second step , the act ←
→ towards balanced clustering - part 1 ( preliminaries ) ; the article contains a preliminary glance at balanced clustering problems . basic balanced structures and combinatorial balanced problems are briefly described . a special attention is targeted to various balance / unbalance indices ( including some new versions of the indices ): by cluster cardinality , by cluster weights , by inter - cluster edge / arc weights , by cluster element structure ( for element multi - type clustering ). further , versions of optimization clu ←
→ the concept of free will as an infinite metatheoretic recursion ; it is argued that the concept of free will , like the concept of truth in formal languages , requires a separation between an object level and a meta - level for being consistently defined . the jamesian two - stage model , which deconstructs free will into the causally open " free " stage with its closure in the " will " stage , is implicitly a move in this direction . however , to avoid the dilemma of determinism , free will additionally requires an infini ←
→ estimation procedures for robust sensor control ; many robotic sensor estimation problems can characterized in terms of nonlinear measurement systems . these systems are contaminated with noise and may be underdetermined from a single observation . in order to get reliable estimation results , the system must choose views which result in an overdetermined system . this is the sensor control problem . accurate and reliable sensor control requires an estimation procedure which yields both estimates and measures of ←
→ variational boosting : iteratively refining posterior approximations ; we propose a black - box variational inference method to approximate intractable distributions with an increasingly rich approximating class . our method , termed variational boosting , iteratively refines an existing variational approximation by solving a sequence of optimization problems , allowing the practitioner to trade computation time for accuracy . we show how to expand the variational approximating class by incorporating additional cov ←
→ enforcing relational matching dependencies with datalog for entity resolution ; entity resolution ( er ) is about identifying and merging records in a database that represent the same real - world entity . matching dependencies ( mds ) have been introduced and investigated as declarative rules that specify er policies . an er process induced by mds over a dirty instance leads to multiple clean instances , in general . general " answer sets programs " have been proposed to specify the md - based cleaning task and its re ←
→ a tool for integer homology computation : lambda - at model ; in this paper , we formalize the notion of lambda - at - model ( where $\ lambda $ is a non - null integer ) for a given chain complex , which allows the computation of homological information in the integer domain avoiding using the smith normal form of the boundary matrices . we present an algorithm for computing such a model , obtaining betti numbers , the prime numbers p involved in the invariant factors of the torsion subgroup of homology , the amount of invar ←
→ first order methods for robust non - negative matrix factorization for large scale noisy data ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) has been shown to be identifiable under the separability assumption , under which all the columns ( or rows ) of the input data matrix belong to the convex cone generated by only a few of these columns ( or rows ) [ 1 ]. in real applications , however , such separability assumption is hard to satisfy . following [ 4 ] and [ 5 ], in this paper , we look at the linear programming ( lp ) based re ←
→ genetic algorithm for su ( n ) gauge theory on a lattice ; an algorithm is proposed for the simulation of pure su ( n ) lattice gauge theories based on genetic algorithms ( gas ). main difference between gas and metropolis methods ( mps ) is that gas treat a population of points at once , while mps treat only one point in the searching space . this provides gas with information about the assortment as well as the fitness of the evolution function and producting a better solution . we apply gas to su ( 2 ) pure gauge theory o ←
→ false discovery rate control via debiased lasso ; we consider the problem of variable selection in high - dimensional statistical models where the goal is to report a set of variables , out of many predictors $ x_1 , \ dotsc , x_p $, that are relevant to a response of interest . for linear high - dimensional model , where the number of parameters exceeds the number of samples $( p > n )$, we propose a procedure for variables selection and prove that it controls the \ emph { directional } false discovery rate ( fdr ) below a pre -←
→ analyzing the weighted nuclear norm minimization and nuclear norm minimization based on group sparse representation ; nuclear norm minimization ( nnm ) tends to over - shrink the rank components and treats the different rank components equally , thus limits its capability and flexibility . recent studies have shown that the weighted nuclear norm minimization ( wnnm ) is expected to be more accurate than nnm . however , it still lacks a plausible mathematical explanation why wnnm is more accurate than nnm . this pape ←
→ sequential monte carlo inference of mixed membership stochastic blockmodels for dynamic social networks ; many kinds of data can be represented as a network or graph . it is crucial to infer the latent structure underlying such a network and to predict unobserved links in the network . mixed membership stochastic blockmodel ( mmsb ) is a promising model for network data . latent variables and unknown parameters in mmsb have been estimated through bayesian inference with the entire network ; however , it is impor ←
→ marginal singularity , and the benefits of labels in covariate - shift ; we present new minimax results that concisely capture the relative benefits of source and target labeled data , under covariate - shift . namely , we show that the benefits of target labels are controlled by a transfer - exponent $\ gamma $ that encodes how singular q is locally w . r . t . p , and interestingly allows situations where transfer did not seem possible under previous insights . in fact , our new minimax analysis - in terms of $\ gamma $ - reve ←
→ analysis of computational science papers from iccs 2001 - 2016 using topic modeling and graph theory ; this paper presents results of topic modeling and network models of topics using the international conference on computational science corpus , which contains domain - specific ( computational science ) papers over sixteen years ( a total of 5695 papers ). we discuss topical structures of international conference on computational science , how these topics evolve over time in response to the topicality of various ←
→ the connection between bayesian estimation of a gaussian random field and rkhs ; reconstruction of a function from noisy data is often formulated as a regularized optimization problem over an infinite - dimensional reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ). the solution describes the observed data and has a small rkhs norm . when the data fit is measured using a quadratic loss , this estimator has a known statistical interpretation . given the noisy measurements , the rkhs estimate represents the posterior mean (←
→ tasselnet : counting maize tassels in the wild via local counts regression network ; accurately counting maize tassels is important for monitoring the growth status of maize plants . this tedious task , however , is still mainly done by manual efforts . in the context of modern plant phenotyping , automating this task is required to meet the need of large - scale analysis of genotype and phenotype . in recent years , computer vision technologies have experienced a significant breakthrough due to the emergence of la ←
→ causality in bayesian belief networks ; we address the problem of causal interpretation of the graphical structure of bayesian belief networks ( bbns ). we review the concept of causality explicated in the domain of structural equations models and show that it is applicable to bbns . in this view , which we call mechanism - based , causality is defined within models and causal asymmetries arise when mechanisms are placed in the context of a system . we lay the link between structural equations models and bbns model ←
→ hyperparameter optimization with approximate gradient ; most models in machine learning contain at least one hyperparameter to control for model complexity . choosing an appropriate set of hyperparameters is both crucial in terms of model accuracy and computationally challenging . in this work we propose an algorithm for the optimization of continuous hyperparameters using inexact gradient information . an advantage of this method is that hyperparameters can be updated before model parameters have fully conver ←
→ fuzzy mnesors ; a fuzzy mnesor space is a semimodule over the positive real numbers . it can be used as theoretical framework for fuzzy sets . hence we can prove a great number of properties for fuzzy sets without refering to the membership functions .←
→ lb2co : a semantic ontology framework for b2c ecommerce transaction on the internet ; business ontology can enhance the successful development of complex enterprise system ; this is being achieved through knowledge sharing and the ease of communication between every entity in the domain . through human semantic interaction with the web resources , machines to interpret the data published in a machine interpretable form under web . however , the theoretical practice of business ontology in ecommerce domain is qu ←
→ design and processing of invertible orientation scores of 3d images for enhancement of complex vasculature ; the enhancement and detection of elongated structures in noisy image data is relevant for many biomedical imaging applications . to handle complex crossing structures in 2d images , 2d orientation scores $ u : \ mathbb { r } ^ 2 \ times s ^ 1 \ rightarrow \ mathbb { c }$ were introduced , which already showed their use in a variety of applications . here we extend this work to 3d orientation scores $ u : \ mathbb { r } ^←
→ a new general method to generate random modal formulae for testing decision procedures ; the recent emergence of heavily - optimized modal decision procedures has highlighted the key role of empirical testing in this domain . unfortunately , the introduction of extensive empirical tests for modal logics is recent , and so far none of the proposed test generators is very satisfactory . to cope with this fact , we present a new random generation method that provides benefits over previous methods for generating em ←
→ multi - armed bandit problem with known trend ; we consider a variant of the multi - armed bandit model , which we call multi - armed bandit problem with known trend , where the gambler knows the shape of the reward function of each arm but not its distribution . this new problem is motivated by different online problems like active learning , music and interface recommendation applications , where when an arm is sampled by the model the received reward change according to a known trend . by adapting the standard multi ←
→ a conditional variational framework for dialog generation ; deep latent variable models have been shown to facilitate the response generation for open - domain dialog systems . however , these latent variables are highly randomized , leading to uncontrollable generated responses . in this paper , we propose a framework allowing conditional response generation based on specific attributes . these attributes can be either manually assigned or automatically detected . moreover , the dialog states for both speakers are m ←
→ visualizing and understanding atari agents ; deep reinforcement learning ( deep rl ) agents have achieved remarkable success in a broad range of game - playing and continuous control tasks . while these agents are effective at maximizing rewards , it is often unclear what strategies they use to do so . in this paper , we take a step toward explaining deep rl agents through a case study in three atari 2600 environments . in particular , we focus on understanding agents in terms of their visual attentional patterns dur ←
→ visualizing and understanding recurrent networks ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ), and specifically a variant with long short - term memory ( lstm ), are enjoying renewed interest as a result of successful applications in a wide range of machine learning problems that involve sequential data . however , while lstms provide exceptional results in practice , the source of their performance and their limitations remain rather poorly understood . using character - level language models as an interpretable testbed , we a ←
→ partial membership latent dirichlet allocation ; topic models ( e . g ., plsa , lda , slda ) have been widely used for segmenting imagery . however , these models are confined to crisp segmentation , forcing a visual word ( i . e ., an image patch ) to belong to one and only one topic . yet , there are many images in which some regions cannot be assigned a crisp categorical label ( e . g ., transition regions between a foggy sky and the ground or between sand and water at a beach ). in these cases , a visual word is best represen ←
→ equilibrium ( zipf ) and dynamic ( grasseberg - procaccia ) method based analyses of human texts . a comparison of natural ( english ) and artificial ( esperanto ) languages ; a comparison of two english texts from lewis carroll , one ( alice in wonderland ), also translated into esperanto , the other ( through a looking glass ) are discussed in order to observe whether natural and artificial languages significantly differ from each other . one dimensional time series like signals are constructed using only word frequenc ←
→ time - critical dynamic decision making ; recent interests in dynamic decision modeling have led to the development of several representation and inference methods . these methods however , have limited application under time critical conditions where a trade - off between model quality and computational tractability is essential . this paper presents an approach to time - critical dynamic decision modeling . a knowledge representation and modeling method called the time - critical dynamic influence diagram is proposed ←
→ phylogenetics of indo - european language families via an algebro - geometric analysis of their syntactic structures ; using phylogenetic algebraic geometry , we analyze computationally the phylogenetic tree of subfamilies of the indo - european language family , using data of syntactic structures . the two main sources of syntactic data are the sswl database and longobardi ' s recent data of syntactic parameters . we compute phylogenetic invariants and likelihood functions for two sets of germanic languages , a set o ←
→ multilinear principal component analysis network for tensor object classification ; the recently proposed principal component analysis network ( pcanet ) has been proved high performance for visual content classification . in this letter , we develop a tensorial extension of pcanet , namely , multilinear principal analysis component network ( mpcanet ), for tensor object classification . compared to pcanet , the proposed mpcanet uses the spatial structure and the relationship between each dimension of tensor object ←
→ regret bounds for non - decomposable metrics with missing labels ; we consider the problem of recommending relevant labels ( items ) for a given data point ( user ). in particular , we are interested in the practically important setting where the evaluation is with respect to non - decomposable ( over labels ) performance metrics like the $ f_1 $ measure , and the training data has missing labels . to this end , we propose a generic framework that given a performance metric $\ psi $, can devise a regularized objective functi ←
→ how ( not ) to train your neural network using the information bottleneck principle ; in this theory paper , we investigate training deep neural networks ( dnns ) for classification via minimizing the information bottleneck ( ib ) functional . we show that , even if the joint distribution between continuous feature variables and the discrete class variable is known , the resulting optimization problem suffers from two severe issues : first , for deterministic dnns , the ib functional is infinite for almost all weight ←
→ spectrally - normalized margin bounds for neural networks ; this paper presents a margin - based multiclass generalization bound for neural networks that scales with their margin - normalized " spectral complexity ": their lipschitz constant , meaning the product of the spectral norms of the weight matrices , times a certain correction factor . this bound is empirically investigated for a standard alexnet network trained with sgd on the mnist and cifar10 datasets , with both original and random labels ; the bound , the l ←
→ recognizing activities of daily living with a wrist - mounted camera ; we present a novel dataset and a novel algorithm for recognizing activities of daily living ( adl ) from a first - person wearable camera . handled objects are crucially important for egocentric adl recognition . for specific examination of objects related to users ' actions separately from other objects in an environment , many previous works have addressed the detection of handled objects in images captured from head - mounted and chest - mounted ca ←
→ exact tensor completion from sparsely corrupted observations via convex optimization ; this paper conducts a rigorous analysis for provable estimation of multidimensional arrays , in particular third - order tensors , from a random subset of its corrupted entries . our study rests heavily on a recently proposed tensor algebraic framework in which we can obtain tensor singular value decomposition ( t - svd ) that is similar to the svd for matrices , and define a new notion of tensor rank referred to as the tubal ran ←
→ a survey of neural network techniques for feature extraction from text ; this paper aims to catalyze the discussions about text feature extraction techniques using neural network architectures . the research questions discussed in the paper focus on the state - of - the - art neural network techniques that have proven to be useful tools for language processing , language generation , text classification and other computational linguistics tasks .←
→ bandit - based task assignment for heterogeneous crowdsourcing ; we consider a task assignment problem in crowdsourcing , which is aimed at collecting as many reliable labels as possible within a limited budget . a challenge in this scenario is how to cope with the diversity of tasks and the task - dependent reliability of workers , e . g ., a worker may be good at recognizing the name of sports teams , but not be familiar with cosmetics brands . we refer to this practical setting as heterogeneous crowdsourcing . in thi ←
→ separators and adjustment sets in causal graphs : complete criteria and an algorithmic framework ; principled reasoning about the identifiability of causal effects from non - experimental data is an important application of graphical causal models . we present an algorithmic framework for efficiently testing , constructing , and enumerating $ m $- separators in ancestral graphs ( ags ), a class of graphical causal models that can represent uncertainty about the presence of latent confounders . furthermore , we prove a ←
→ three - dimensional planar model estimation using multi - constraint knowledge based on k - means and ransac ; plane model extraction from three - dimensional point clouds is a necessary step in many different applications such as planar object reconstruction , indoor mapping and indoor localization . different random sample consensus ( ransac )- based methods have been proposed for this purpose in recent years . in this study , we propose a novel method - based on ransac called multiplane model estimation , which can esti ←
→ report : dynamic eye movement matching and visualization tool in neuro gesture ; in the research of the impact of gestures using by a lecturer , one challenging task is to infer the attention of a group of audiences . two important measurements that can help infer the level of attention are eye movement data and electroencephalography ( eeg ) data . under the fundamental assumption that a group of people would look at the same place if they all pay attention at the same time , we apply a method , " time warp edit ←
→ drug response prediction by ensemble learning and drug - induced gene expression signatures ; chemotherapeutic response of cancer cells to a given compound is one of the most fundamental information one requires to design anti - cancer drugs . recent advances in producing large drug screens against cancer cell lines provided an opportunity to apply machine learning methods for this purpose . in addition to cytotoxicity databases , considerable amount of drug - induced gene expression data has also become publicly ←
→ gaussian lower bound for the information bottleneck limit ; the information bottleneck ( ib ) is a conceptual method for extracting the most compact , yet informative , representation of a set of variables , with respect to the target . it generalizes the notion of minimal sufficient statistics from classical parametric statistics to a broader information - theoretic sense . the ib curve defines the optimal trade - off between representation complexity and its predictive power . specifically , it is achieved by minimizi ←
→ regularization vs . relaxation : a conic optimization perspective of statistical variable selection ; variable selection is a fundamental task in statistical data analysis . sparsity - inducing regularization methods are a popular class of methods that simultaneously perform variable selection and model estimation . the central problem is a quadratic optimization problem with an l0 - norm penalty . exactly enforcing the l0 - norm penalty is computationally intractable for larger scale problems , so dif - ferent sparsi ←
→ linking glove with word2vec ; the global vectors for word representation ( glove ), introduced by jeffrey pennington et al . is reported to be an efficient and effective method for learning vector representations of words . state - of - the - art performance is also provided by skip - gram with negative - sampling ( sgns ) implemented in the word2vec tool . in this note , we explain the similarities between the training objectives of the two models , and show that the objective of sgns is similar to the objective of a special ←
→ universal empathy and ethical bias for artificial general intelligence ; rational agents are usually built to maximize rewards . however , agi agents can find undesirable ways of maximizing any prior reward function . therefore value learning is crucial for safe agi . we assume that generalized states of the world are valuable - not rewards themselves , and propose an extension of aixi , in which rewards are used only to bootstrap hierarchical value learning . the modified aixi agent is considered in the multi - age ←
→ autodetection and classification of hidden cultural city districts from yelp reviews ; topic models are a way to discover underlying themes in an otherwise unstructured collection of documents . in this study , we specifically used the latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) topic model on a dataset of yelp reviews to classify restaurants based off of their reviews . furthermore , we hypothesize that within a city , restaurants can be grouped into similar " clusters " based on both location and similarity . we used sev ←
→ beyond shared hierarchies : deep multitask learning through soft layer ordering ; existing deep multitask learning ( mtl ) approaches align layers shared between tasks in a parallel ordering . such an organization significantly constricts the types of shared structure that can be learned . the necessity of parallel ordering for deep mtl is first tested by comparing it with permuted ordering of shared layers . the results indicate that a flexible ordering can enable more effective sharing , thus motivating the de ←
→ finding numerical solutions of diophantine equations using ant colony optimization ; the paper attempts to find numerical solutions of diophantine equations , a challenging problem as there are no general methods to find solutions of such equations . it uses the metaphor of foraging habits of real ants . the ant colony optimization based procedure starts with randomly assigned locations to a fixed number of artificial ants . depending upon the quality of these positions , ants deposit pheromone at the nodes . a ←
→ clustering by deep nearest neighbor descent ( d - nnd ): a density - based parameter - insensitive clustering method ; most density - based clustering methods largely rely on how well the underlying density is estimated . however , density estimation itself is also a challenging problem , especially the determination of the kernel bandwidth . a large bandwidth could lead to the over - smoothed density estimation in which the number of density peaks could be less than the true clusters , while a small bandwidth could lead ←
→ proceedings of the sixteenth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 2000 ) ; this is the proceedings of the sixteenth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in san francisco , ca , june 30 - july 3 , 2000 ←
→ combining feature and prototype pruning by uncertainty minimization ; we focus in this paper on dataset reduction techniques for use in k - nearest neighbor classification . in such a context , feature and prototype selections have always been independently treated by the standard storage reduction algorithms . while this certifying is theoretically justified by the fact that each subproblem is np - hard , we assume in this paper that a joint storage reduction is in fact more intuitive and can in practice provide b ←
→ npcs as people , too : the extreme ai personality engine ; pk dick once asked " do androids dream of electric sheep ?" in video games , a similar question could be asked of non - player characters : do npcs have dreams ? can they live and change as humans do ? can npcs have personalities , and can these develop through interactions with players , other npcs , and the world around them ? despite advances in personality ai for games , most npcs are still undeveloped and undeveloping , reacting with flat affect and predictabl ←
→ dimension reduction using rule ensemble machine learning methods : a numerical study of three ensemble methods ; ensemble methods for supervised machine learning have become popular due to their ability to accurately predict class labels with groups of simple , lightweight " base learners ." while ensembles offer computationally efficient models that have good predictive capability they tend to be large and offer little insight into the patterns or structure in a dataset . we consider an ensemble technique tha ←
→ on invariance and selectivity in representation learning ; we discuss data representation which can be learned automatically from data , are invariant to transformations , and at the same time selective , in the sense that two points have the same representation only if they are one the transformation of the other . the mathematical results here sharpen some of the key claims of i - theory -- a recent theory of feedforward processing in sensory cortex .←
→ exploiting auxiliary distributions in stochastic unification - based grammars ; this paper describes a method for estimating conditional probability distributions over the parses of `` unification - based '' grammars which can utilize auxiliary distributions that are estimated by other means . we show how this can be used to incorporate information about lexical selectional preferences gathered from other sources into stochastic `` unification - based '' grammars ( subgs ). while we apply this estimator to a stochasti ←
→ generate identity - preserving faces by generative adversarial networks ; generating identity - preserving faces aims to generate various face images keeping the same identity given a target face image . although considerable generative models have been developed in recent years , it is still challenging to simultaneously acquire high quality of facial images and preserve the identity . here we propose a compelling method using generative adversarial networks ( gan ). concretely , we leverage the generator of trained ←
→ ai , native supercomputing and the revival of moore ' s law ; based on alan turing ' s proposition on ai and computing machinery , which shaped computing as we know it today , the new ai computing machinery should comprise a universal computer and a universal learning machine . the later should understand linear algebra natively to overcome the slowdown of moore ' s law . in such a universal learnig machine , a computing unit does not need to keep the legacy of a universal computing core . the data can be distributed to ←
→ web - based implementation of travelling salesperson problem using genetic algorithm ; the world is connected through the internet . as the abundance of internet users connected into the web and the popularity of cloud computing research , the need of artificial intelligence ( ai ) is demanding . in this research , genetic algorithm ( ga ) as ai optimization method through natural selection and genetic evolution is utilized . there are many applications of ga such as web mining , load balancing , routing , and scheduli ←
→ semantic understanding of scenes through the ade20k dataset ; scene parsing , or recognizing and segmenting objects and stuff in an image , is one of the key problems in computer vision . despite the community ' s efforts in data collection , there are still few image datasets covering a wide range of scenes and object categories with dense and detailed annotations for scene parsing . in this paper , we introduce and analyze the ade20k dataset , spanning diverse annotations of scenes , objects , parts of objects , and ←
→ colour terms : a categorisation model inspired by visual cortex neurons ; although it seems counter - intuitive , categorical colours do not exist as external physical entities but are very much the product of our brains . our cortical machinery segments the world and associate objects to specific colour terms , which is not only convenient for communication but also increases the efficiency of visual processing by reducing the dimensionality of input scenes . although the neural substrate for this phenomenon is u ←
→ the university of edinburgh ' s neural mt systems for wmt17 ; this paper describes the university of edinburgh ' s submissions to the wmt17 shared news translation and biomedical translation tasks . we participated in 12 translation directions for news , translating between english and czech , german , latvian , russian , turkish and chinese . for the biomedical task we submitted systems for english to czech , german , polish and romanian . our systems are neural machine translation systems trained with nematus , an atten ←
→ a novel brain decoding method : a correlation network framework for revealing brain connections ; brain decoding is a hot spot in cognitive science , which focuses on reconstructing perceptual images from brain activities . analyzing the correlations of collected data from human brain activities and representing activity patterns are two problems in brain decoding based on functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) signals . however , existing correlation analysis methods mainly focus on the strength informa ←
→ support vector machines / relevance vector machine for remote sensing classification : a review ; kernel - based machine learning algorithms are based on mapping data from the original input feature space to a kernel feature space of higher dimensionality to solve a linear problem in that space . over the last decade , kernel based classification and regression approaches such as support vector machines have widely been used in remote sensing as well as in various civil engineering applications . in spite of thei ←
→ excess risk bounds for multitask learning with trace norm regularization ; trace norm regularization is a popular method of multitask learning . we give excess risk bounds with explicit dependence on the number of tasks , the number of examples per task and properties of the data distribution . the bounds are independent of the dimension of the input space , which may be infinite as in the case of reproducing kernel hilbert spaces . a byproduct of the proof are bounds on the expected norm of sums of random posit ←
→ eddynet : a deep neural network for pixel - wise classification of oceanic eddies ; this work presents eddynet , a deep learning based architecture for automated eddy detection and classification from sea surface height ( ssh ) maps provided by the copernicus marine and environment monitoring service ( cmems ). eddynet is a u - net like network that consists of a convolutional encoder - decoder followed by a pixel - wise classification layer . the output is a map with the same size of the input where pixels have the fol ←
→ identification of promising research directions using machine learning aided medical literature analysis ; the rapidly expanding corpus of medical research literature presents major challenges in the understanding of previous work , the extraction of maximum information from collected data , and the identification of promising research directions . we present a case for the use of advanced machine learning techniques as an aide in this task and introduce a novel methodology that is shown to be capable of ext ←
→ survey of resampling techniques for improving classification performance in unbalanced datasets ; a number of classification problems need to deal with data imbalance between classes . often it is desired to have a high recall on the minority class while maintaining a high precision on the majority class . in this paper , we review a number of resampling techniques proposed in literature to handle unbalanced datasets and study their effect on classification performance .←
→ offloading cognition onto cognitive technology ; " cognizing " ( e . g ., thinking , understanding , and knowing ) is a mental state . systems without mental states , such as cognitive technology , can sometimes contribute to human cognition , but that does not make them cognizers . cognizers can offload some of their cognitive functions onto cognitive technology , thereby extending their performance capacity beyond the limits of their own brain power . language itself is a form of cognitive technology that allows cognizer ←
→ sparseness meets deepness : 3d human pose estimation from monocular video ; this paper addresses the challenge of 3d full - body human pose estimation from a monocular image sequence . here , two cases are considered : ( i ) the image locations of the human joints are provided and ( ii ) the image locations of joints are unknown . in the former case , a novel approach is introduced that integrates a sparsity - driven 3d geometric prior and temporal smoothness . in the latter case , the former case is extended by treating t ←
→ sampling - based causal inference in cue combination and its neural implementation ; causal inference in cue combination is to decide whether the cues have a single cause or multiple causes . although the bayesian causal inference model explains the problem of causal inference in cue combination successfully , how causal inference in cue combination could be implemented by neural circuits , is unclear . the existing method based on calculating log posterior ratio with variable elimination has the problem of bei ←
→ robust logitboost and adaptive base class ( abc ) logitboost ; logitboost is an influential boosting algorithm for classification . in this paper , we develop robust logitboost to provide an explicit formulation of tree - split criterion for building weak learners ( regression trees ) for logitboost . this formulation leads to a numerically stable implementation of logitboost . we then propose abc - logitboost for multi - class classification , by combining robust logitboost with the prior work of abc - boost . previously , a ←
→ sharp dichotomies for regret minimization in metric spaces ; the lipschitz multi - armed bandit ( mab ) problem generalizes the classical multi - armed bandit problem by assuming one is given side information consisting of a priori upper bounds on the difference in expected payoff between certain pairs of strategies . classical results of ( lai and robbins 1985 ) and ( auer et al . 2002 ) imply a logarithmic regret bound for the lipschitz mab problem on finite metric spaces . recent results on continuum - armed bandit pro ←
→ framenet cnl : a knowledge representation and information extraction language ; the paper presents a framenet - based information extraction and knowledge representation framework , called framenet - cnl . the framework is used on natural language documents and represents the extracted knowledge in a tailor - made frame - ontology from which unambiguous framenet - cnl paraphrase text can be generated automatically in multiple languages . this approach brings together the fields of information extraction and cnl , becaus ←
→ mixed gaussian - impulse noise removal from highly corrupted images via adaptive local and nonlocal statistical priors ; the motivation of this paper is to introduce a novel framework for the restoration of images corrupted by mixed gaussian - impulse noise . to this aim , first , an adaptive curvelet thresholding criterion is proposed which tries to adaptively remove the perturbations appeared during denoising process . then , a new statistical regularization term , called joint adaptive statistical prior ( jasp ), ←
→ visual - hint boundary to segment algorithm for image segmentation ; image segmentation has been a very active research topic in image analysis area . currently , most of the image segmentation algorithms are designed based on the idea that images are partitioned into a set of regions preserving homogeneous intra - regions and inhomogeneous inter - regions . however , human visual intuition does not always follow this pattern . a new image segmentation method named visual - hint boundary to segment ( vhbs ) is introduced ,←
→ symmetric tensor completion from multilinear entries and learning product mixtures over the hypercube ; we give an algorithm for completing an order -$ m $ symmetric low - rank tensor from its multilinear entries in time roughly proportional to the number of tensor entries . we apply our tensor completion algorithm to the problem of learning mixtures of product distributions over the hypercube , obtaining new algorithmic results . if the centers of the product distribution are linearly independent , then we recove ←
→ lcdet : low - complexity fully - convolutional neural networks for object detection in embedded systems ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) are the state - of - the - art performers for object detection task . it is well known that object detection requires more computation and memory than image classification . thus the consolidation of a cnn - based object detection for an embedded system is more challenging . in this work , we propose lcdet , a fully - convolutional neural network for generic object detection that ←
→ bayesian ensemble learning for image denoising ; natural images are often affected by random noise and image denoising has long been a central topic in computer vision . many algorithms have been introduced to remove the noise from the natural images , such as gaussian , wiener filtering and wavelet thresholding . however , many of these algorithms remove the fine edges and make them blur . recently , many promising denoising algorithms have been introduced such as non - local means , fields of experts , and bm3d . in ←
→ facial emotion detection using convolutional neural networks and representational autoencoder units ; emotion being a subjective thing , leveraging knowledge and science behind labeled data and extracting the components that constitute it , has been a challenging problem in the industry for many years . with the evolution of deep learning in computer vision , emotion recognition has become a widely - tackled research problem . in this work , we propose two independent methods for this very task . the first method ←
→ elegant object - oriented software design via interactive , evolutionary computation ; design is fundamental to software development but can be demanding to perform . thus to assist the software designer , evolutionary computing is being increasingly applied using machine - based , quantitative fitness functions to evolve software designs . however , in nature , elegance and symmetry play a crucial role in the reproductive fitness of various organisms . in addition , subjective evaluation has also been exploited in in ←
→ swarm intelligence based multi - phase opf for peak power loss reduction in a smart grid ; recently there has been increasing interest in improving smart grids efficiency using computational intelligence . a key challenge in future smart grid is designing optimal power flow tool to solve important planning problems including optimal dg capacities . although , a number of opf tools exists for balanced networks there is a lack of research for unbalanced multi - phase distribution networks . in this paper , a new opf ←
→ massive data clustering in moderate dimensions from the dual spaces of observation and attribute data clouds ; cluster analysis of very high dimensional data can benefit from the properties of such high dimensionality . informally expressed , in this work , our focus is on the analogous situation when the dimensionality is moderate to small , relative to a massively sized set of observations . mathematically expressed , these are the dual spaces of observations and attributes . the point cloud of observations is ←
→ reasoning with mass distributions ; the concept of movable evidence masses that flow from supersets to subsets as specified by experts represents a suitable framework for reasoning under uncertainty . the mass flow is controlled by specialization matrices . new evidence is integrated into the frame of discernment by conditioning or revision ( dempster ' s rule of conditioning ), for which special specialization matrices exist . even some aspects of non - monotonic reasoning can be represented by certain specializati ←
→ language modeling with neural trans - dimensional random fields ; trans - dimensional random field language models ( trf lms ) have recently been introduced , where sentences are modeled as a collection of random fields . the trf approach has been shown to have the advantages of being computationally more efficient in inference than lstm lms with close performance and being able to flexibly integrating rich features . in this paper we propose neural trfs , beyond of the previous discrete trfs that only use linear pot ←
→ local differential privacy for evolving data ; there are now several large scale deployments of differential privacy used to track statistical information about users . however , these systems periodically recollect the data and recompute the statistics using algorithms designed for a single use and as a result do not provide meaningful privacy guarantees over long time scales . moreover , existing techniques to mitigate this effect do not apply in the " local " model of differential privacy that these systems us ←
→ deep hyperspherical learning ; convolution as inner product has been the founding basis of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) and the key to end - to - end visual representation learning . benefiting from deeper architectures , recent cnns have demonstrated increasingly strong representation abilities . despite such improvement , the increased depth and larger parameter space have also led to challenges in properly training a network . in light of such challenges , we propose hyperspherical convolution ( sphereconv )←
→ domain recursion for lifted inference with existential quantifiers ; in recent work , we proved that the domain recursion inference rule makes domain - lifted inference possible on several relational probability models ( rpms ) for which the best known time complexity used to be exponential . we also identified two classes of rpms for which inference becomes domain lifted when using domain recursion . these two classes subsume the largest lifted classes that were previously known . in this paper , we show that domai ←
→ sleep - deprived fatigue pattern analysis using large - scale selfies from social med ; the complexities of fatigue have drawn much attention from researchers across various disciplines . short - term fatigue may cause safety issue while driving ; thus , dynamic systems were designed to track driver fatigue . long - term fatigue could lead to chronic syndromes , and eventually affect individuals physical and psychological health . traditional methodologies of evaluating fatigue not only require sophisticated equipment ←
→ retrieval and registration of long - range overlapping frames for scalable mosaicking of in vivo fetoscopy ; purpose : the standard clinical treatment of twin - to - twin transfusion syndrome consists in the photo - coagulation of undesired anastomoses located on the placenta which are responsible to a blood transfer between the two twins . while being the standard of care procedure , fetoscopy suffers from a limited field - of - view of the placenta resulting in missed anastomoses . to facilitate the task of the clinici ←
→ convolutional hashing for automated scene matching ; we present a powerful new loss function and training scheme for learning binary hash functions . in particular , we demonstrate our method by creating for the first time a neural network that outperforms state - of - the - art haar wavelets and color layout descriptors at the task of automated scene matching . by accurately relating distance on the manifold of network outputs to distance in hamming space , we achieve a 100 - fold reduction in nontrivial false positiv ←
→ on the use of machine translation - based approaches for vietnamese diacritic restoration ; this paper presents an empirical study of two machine translation - based approaches for vietnamese diacritic restoration problem , including phrase - based and neural - based machine translation models . this is the first work that applies neural - based machine translation method to this problem and gives a thorough comparison to the phrase - based machine translation method which is the current state - of - the - art method for thi ←
→ taming the curse of dimensionality : discrete integration by hashing and optimization ; integration is affected by the curse of dimensionality and quickly becomes intractable as the dimensionality of the problem grows . we propose a randomized algorithm that , with high probability , gives a constant - factor approximation of a general discrete integral defined over an exponentially large set . this algorithm relies on solving only a small number of instances of a discrete combinatorial optimization problem subj ←
→ modeling the contribution of central versus peripheral vision in scene , object , and face recognition ; it is commonly believed that the central visual field is important for recognizing objects and faces , and the peripheral region is useful for scene recognition . however , the relative importance of central versus peripheral information for object , scene , and face recognition is unclear . in a behavioral study , larson and loschky ( 2009 ) investigated this question by measuring the scene recognition accuracy ←
→ improved graph clustering ; graph clustering involves the task of dividing nodes into clusters , so that the edge density is higher within clusters as opposed to across clusters . a natural , classic and popular statistical setting for evaluating solutions to this problem is the stochastic block model , also referred to as the planted partition model . in this paper we present a new algorithm -- a convexified version of maximum likelihood -- for graph clustering . we show that , in the classic stochastic block model ←
→ bag - of - genres for video genre retrieval ; this paper presents a higher level representation for videos aiming at video genre retrieval . in video genre retrieval , there is a challenge that videos may comprise multiple categories , for instance , news videos may be composed of sports , documentary , and action . therefore , it is interesting to encode the distribution of such genres in a compact and effective manner . we propose to create a visual dictionary using a genre classifier . each visual word in the proposed ←
→ object detection with an aligned spatial - temporal memory ; we introduce spatial - temporal memory networks ( stmn ) for object detection in videos . at its core , we propose a novel spatial - temporal memory module ( stmm ) as the recurrent computation unit to model long - term temporal appearance and motion dynamics . the stmm ' s design enables the full integration of pretrained backbone cnn weights , which we find to be critical for accurate detection . furthermore , in order to tackle object motion in videos , we propose ←
→ unsupervised feature learning for writer identification and writer retrieval ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have shown great success in supervised classification tasks such as character classification or dating . deep learning methods typically need a lot of annotated training data , which is not available in many scenarios . in these cases , traditional methods are often better than or equivalent to deep learning methods . in this paper , we propose a simple , yet effective , way to learn cnn activat ←
→ spontaneous vs . posed smiles - can we tell the difference ? ; smile is an irrefutable expression that shows the physical state of the mind in both true and deceptive ways . generally , it shows happy state of the mind , however , ` smiles ' can be deceptive , for example people can give a smile when they feel happy and sometimes they might also give a smile ( in a different way ) when they feel pity for others . this work aims to distinguish spontaneous ( felt ) smile expressions from posed ( deliberate ) smiles by extrac ←
→ towards speech emotion recognition " in the wild " using aggregated corpora and deep multi - task learning ; one of the challenges in speech emotion recognition ( ser ) " in the wild " is the large mismatch between training and test data ( e . g . speakers and tasks ). in order to improve the generalisation capabilities of the emotion models , we propose to use multi - task learning ( mtl ) and use gender and naturalness as auxiliary tasks in deep neural networks . this method was evaluated in within - corpus and various cros ←
→ scale - sensitive psi - dimensions : the capacity measures for classifiers taking values in r ^ q ; bounds on the risk play a crucial role in statistical learning theory . they usually involve as capacity measure of the model studied the vc dimension or one of its extensions . in classification , such " vc dimensions " exist for models taking values in { 0 , 1 }, { 1 ,..., q } and r . we introduce the generalizations appropriate for the missing case , the one of models with values in r ^ q . this provides us with a new guarante ←
→ multi - target regression via input space expansion : treating targets as inputs ; in many practical applications of supervised learning the task involves the prediction of multiple target variables from a common set of input variables . when the prediction targets are binary the task is called multi - label classification , while when the targets are continuous the task is called multi - target regression . in both tasks , target variables often exhibit statistical dependencies and exploiting them in order to impro ←
→ deeplesion : automated deep mining , categorization and detection of significant radiology image findings using large - scale clinical lesion annotations ; extracting , harvesting and building large - scale annotated radiological image datasets is a greatly important yet challenging problem . it is also the bottleneck to designing more effective data - hungry computing paradigms ( e . g ., deep learning ) for medical image analysis . yet , vast amounts of clinical annotations ( usually associated with disease image findi ←
→ hierarchy influenced differential evolution : a motor operation inspired approach ; operational maturity of biological control systems have fuelled the inspiration for a large number of mathematical and logical models for control , automation and optimisation . the human brain represents the most sophisticated control architecture known to us and is a central motivation for several research attempts across various domains . in the present work , we introduce an algorithm for mathematical optimisation that deri ←
→ marrnet : 3d shape reconstruction via 2 . 5d sketches ; 3d object reconstruction from a single image is a highly under - determined problem , requiring strong prior knowledge of plausible 3d shapes . this introduces challenges for learning - based approaches , as 3d object annotations are scarce in real images . previous work chose to train on synthetic data with ground truth 3d information , but suffered from domain adaptation when tested on real data . in this work , we propose marrnet , an end - to - end trainable model th ←
→ learning to emulate an expert projective cone scheduler ; projective cone scheduling defines a large class of rate - stabilizing policies for queueing models relevant to several applications . while there exists considerable theory on the properties of projective cone schedulers , there is little practical guidance on choosing the parameters that define them . in this paper , we propose an algorithm for designing an automated projective cone scheduling system based on observations of an expert projective cone sch ←
→ cardiacnet : segmentation of left atrium and proximal pulmonary veins from mri using multi - view cnn ; anatomical and biophysical modeling of left atrium ( la ) and proximal pulmonary veins ( ppvs ) is important for clinical management of several cardiac diseases . magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) allows qualitative assessment of la and ppvs through visualization . however , there is a strong need for an advanced image segmentation method to be applied to cardiac mri for quantitative analysis of la and ppvs . in th ←
→ data - distributed weighted majority and online mirror descent ; in this paper , we focus on the question of the extent to which online learning can benefit from distributed computing . we focus on the setting in which $ n $ agents online - learn cooperatively , where each agent only has access to its own data . we propose a generic data - distributed online learning meta - algorithm . we then introduce the distributed weighted majority and distributed online mirror descent algorithms , as special cases . we show , using bot ←
→ non - linear dimensionality reduction : riemannian metric estimation and the problem of geometric discovery ; in recent years , manifold learning has become increasingly popular as a tool for performing non - linear dimensionality reduction . this has led to the development of numerous algorithms of varying degrees of complexity that aim to recover man ifold geometry using either local or global features of the data . building on the laplacian eigenmap and diffusionmaps framework , we propose a new paradigm that ←
→ tracking tensor subspaces with informative random sampling for real - time mr imaging ; magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) nowadays serves as an important modality for diagnostic and therapeutic guidance in clinics . however , the {\ it slow acquisition } process , the dynamic deformation of organs , as well as the need for {\ it real - time } reconstruction , pose major challenges toward obtaining artifact - free images . to cope with these challenges , the present paper advocates a novel subspace learning framework that p ←
→ a kernel redundancy removing policy for convolutional neural network ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have won a significant place in the computer vision recently , which repeatedly convolving an image to extract the knowledge behind it . however , with the depth of convolutional layers getting deeper and deeper in recent years , the computational complexity also increases significantly , which make it difficult to be deployed on embedded systems with limited hardware resources . in this paper we prop ←
→ generalized conjugate gradient methods for $\ ell_1 $ regularized convex quadratic programming with finite convergence ; the conjugate gradient ( cg ) method is an efficient iterative method for solving large - scale strongly convex quadratic programming ( qp ). in this paper we propose some generalized cg ( gcg ) methods for solving the $\ ell_1 $- regularized ( possibly not strongly ) convex qp that terminate at an optimal solution in a finite number of iterations . at each iteration , our methods first identify a face ←
→ on the geometry of discrete exponential families with application to exponential random graph models ; there has been an explosion of interest in statistical models for analyzing network data , and considerable interest in the class of exponential random graph ( erg ) models , especially in connection with difficulties in computing maximum likelihood estimates . the issues associated with these difficulties relate to the broader structure of discrete exponential families . this paper re - examines the issues in t ←
→ the value iteration algorithm is not strongly polynomial for discounted dynamic programming ; this note provides a simple example demonstrating that , if exact computations are allowed , the number of iterations required for the value iteration algorithm to find an optimal policy for discounted dynamic programming problems may grow arbitrarily quickly with the size of the problem . in particular , the number of iterations can be exponential in the number of actions . thus , unlike policy iterations , the value i ←
→ a heuristic algorithm for a single vehicle static bike sharing rebalancing problem ; the static bike rebalancing problem ( sbrp ) concerns the task of repositioning bikes among stations in self - service bike - sharing systems . this problem can be seen as a variant of the one - commodity pickup and delivery vehicle routing problem , where multiple visits are allowed to be performed at each station , i . e ., the demand of a station is allowed to be split . moreover , a vehicle may temporarily drop its load at a station ,←
→ image denoising through bivariate shrinkage function in framelet domain ; denoising of coefficients in a sparse domain ( e . g . wavelet ) has been researched extensively because of its simplicity and effectiveness . literature mainly has focused on designing the best global threshold . however , this paper proposes a new denoising method using bivariate shrinkage function in framelet domain . in the proposed method , maximum aposteriori probability is used for estimate of the denoised coefficient and non - gaussian bi ←
→ y - net : 3d intracranial artery segmentation using a convolutional autoencoder ; automated segmentation of intracranial arteries on magnetic resonance angiography ( mra ) allows for quantification of cerebrovascular features , which provides tools for understanding aging and pathophysiological adaptations of the cerebrovascular system . using a convolutional autoencoder ( cae ) for segmentation is promising as it takes advantage of the autoencoder structure in effective noise reduction and feature extraction by r ←
→ detecting sarcasm in multimodal social platforms ; sarcasm is a peculiar form of sentiment expression , where the surface sentiment differs from the implied sentiment . the detection of sarcasm in social media platforms has been applied in the past mainly to textual utterances where lexical indicators ( such as interjections and intensifiers ), linguistic markers , and contextual information ( such as user profiles , or past conversations ) were used to detect the sarcastic tone . however , modern social media platfo ←
→ graphmatch : efficient large - scale graph construction for structure from motion ; we present graphmatch , an approximate yet efficient method for building the matching graph for large - scale structure - from - motion ( sfm ) pipelines . unlike modern sfm pipelines that use vocabulary ( voc .) trees to quickly build the matching graph and avoid a costly brute - force search of matching image pairs , graphmatch does not require an expensive offline pre - processing phase to construct a voc . tree . instead , graphmatch leverag ←
→ similarity of symbol frequency distributions with heavy tails ; quantifying the similarity between symbolic sequences is a traditional problem in information theory which requires comparing the frequencies of symbols in different sequences . in numerous modern applications , ranging from dna over music to texts , the distribution of symbol frequencies is characterized by heavy - tailed distributions ( e . g ., zipf ' s law ). the large number of low - frequency symbols in these distributions poses major difficulties to t ←
→ a study of scaling issues in bayesian belief networks for ship classification ; the problems associated with scaling involve active and challenging research topics in the area of artificial intelligence . the purpose is to solve real world problems by means of ai technologies , in cases where the complexity of representation of the real world problem is potentially combinatorial . in this paper , we present a novel approach to cope with the scaling issues in bayesian belief networks for ship classification . t ←
→ lifelong generative modeling ; lifelong learning is the problem of learning multiple consecutive tasks in a sequential manner where knowledge gained from previous tasks is retained and used for future learning . it is essential towards the development of intelligent machines that can adapt to their surroundings . in this work we focus on a lifelong learning approach to generative modeling where we continuously incorporate newly observed streaming distributions into our learnt model . we do so through a student ←
→ unsupervised active learning in large domains ; active learning is a powerful approach to analyzing data effectively . we show that the feasibility of active learning depends crucially on the choice of measure with respect to which the query is being optimized . the standard information gain , for example , does not permit an accurate evaluation with a small committee , a representative subset of the model space . we propose a surrogate measure requiring only a small committee and discuss the properties of this n ←
→ new region force for variational models in image segmentation and high dimensional data clustering ; we propose an effective framework for multi - phase image segmentation and semi - supervised data clustering by introducing a novel region force term into the potts model . assume the probability that a pixel or a data point belongs to each class is known a priori . we show that the corresponding indicator function obeys the bernoulli distribution and the new region force function can be computed as the negative ←
→ image restoration : a general wavelet frame based model and its asymptotic analysis ; image restoration is one of the most important areas in imaging science . mathematical tools have been widely used in image restoration , where wavelet frame based approach is one of the successful examples . in this paper , we introduce a generic wavelet frame based image restoration model , called the " general model ", which includes most of the existing wavelet frame based models as special cases . moreover , the general model ←
→ learning non - maximum suppression ; object detectors have hugely profited from moving towards an end - to - end learning paradigm : proposals , features , and the classifier becoming one neural network improved results two - fold on general object detection . one indispensable component is non - maximum suppression ( nms ), a post - processing algorithm responsible for merging all detections that belong to the same object . the de facto standard nms algorithm is still fully hand - crafted , suspiciously simple , and -- being bas ←
→ interpretation of prediction models using the input gradient ; state of the art machine learning algorithms are highly optimized to provide the optimal prediction possible , naturally resulting in complex models . while these models often outperform simpler more interpretable models by order of magnitudes , in terms of understanding the way the model functions , we are often facing a " black box ". in this paper we suggest a simple method to interpret the behavior of any predictive model , both for regression an ←
→ reading scene text with attention convolutional sequence modeling ; reading text in the wild is a challenging task in the field of computer vision . existing approaches mainly adopted connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ) or attention models based on recurrent neural network ( rnn ), which is computationally expensive and hard to train . in this paper , we present an end - to - end attention convolutional network for scene text recognition . firstly , instead of rnn , we adopt the stacked convolutional layers to ←
→ real - time image distortion correction : analysis and evaluation of fpga - compatible algorithms ; image distortion correction is a critical pre - processing step for a variety of computer vision and image processing algorithms . standard real - time software implementations are generally not suited for direct hardware porting , so appropriated versions need to be designed in order to obtain implementations deployable on fpgas . in this paper , hardware - compatible techniques for image distortion correction are introd ←
→ accurate pulmonary nodule detection in computed tomography images using deep convolutional neural networks ; early detection of pulmonary cancer is the most promising way to enhance a patient ' s chance for survival . accurate pulmonary nodule detection in computed tomography ( ct ) images is a crucial step in diagnosing pulmonary cancer . in this paper , inspired by the successful use of deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ) in natural image recognition , we propose a novel pulmonary nodule detection approa ←
→ generative adversarial talking head : bringing portraits to life with a weakly supervised neural network ; this paper presents generative adversarial talking head ( gath ), a novel deep generative neural network that enables fully automatic facial expression synthesis of an arbitrary portrait with continuous action unit ( au ) coefficients . specifically , our model directly manipulates image pixels to make the unseen subject in the still photo express various emotions controlled by values of facial au coefficie ←
→ escort : efficient sparse convolutional neural networks on gpus ; deep neural networks have achieved remarkable accuracy in many artificial intelligence applications , e . g . computer vision , at the cost of a large number of parameters and high computational complexity . weight pruning can compress dnn models by removing redundant parameters in the networks , but it brings sparsity in the weight matrix , and therefore makes the computation inefficient on gpus . although pruning can remove more than 80 % of the weigh ←
→ streaming small - footprint keyword spotting using sequence - to - sequence models ; we develop streaming keyword spotting systems using a recurrent neural network transducer ( rnn - t ) model : an all - neural , end - to - end trained , sequence - to - sequence model which jointly learns acoustic and language model components . our models are trained to predict either phonemes or graphemes as subword units , thus allowing us to detect arbitrary keyword phrases , without any out - of - vocabulary words . in order to adapt the models to ←
→ exploiting diversity for natural language parsing ; the popularity of applying machine learning methods to computational linguistics problems has produced a large supply of trainable natural language processing systems . most problems of interest have an array of off - the - shelf products or downloadable code implementing solutions using various techniques . where these solutions are developed independently , it is observed that their errors tend to be independently distributed . this thesis is concerned with appr ←
→ towards design and implementation of a language technology based information processor for pdm systems ; product data management ( pdm ) aims to provide ' systems ' contributing in industries by electronically maintaining organizational data , improving data repository system , facilitating with easy access to cad and providing additional information engineering and management modules to access , store , integrate , secure , recover and manage information . targeting one of the unresolved issues i . e ., provision of n ←
→ an analysis of incorporating an external language model into a sequence - to - sequence model ; attention - based sequence - to - sequence models for automatic speech recognition jointly train an acoustic model , language model , and alignment mechanism . thus , the language model component is only trained on transcribed audio - text pairs . this leads to the use of shallow fusion with an external language model at inference time . shallow fusion refers to log - linear interpolation with a separately trained language model a ←
→ information - theoretic measures associated with rough set approximations ; although some information - theoretic measures of uncertainty or granularity have been proposed in rough set theory , these measures are only dependent on the underlying partition and the cardinality of the universe , independent of the lower and upper approximations . it seems somewhat unreasonable since the basic idea of rough set theory aims at describing vague concepts by the lower and upper approximations . in this paper , we thus defin ←
→ linearly - recurrent autoencoder networks for learning dynamics ; this paper describes a method for learning low - dimensional approximations of nonlinear dynamical systems , based on neural - network approximations of the underlying koopman operator . extended dynamic mode decomposition ( edmd ) provides a useful data - driven approximation of the koopman operator for analyzing dynamical systems . this paper addresses a fundamental problem associated with edmd : a trade - off between representational capacity of the dicti ←
→ evolving boolean regulatory networks with variable gene expression times ; the time taken for gene expression varies not least because proteins vary in length considerably . this paper uses an abstract , tuneable boolean regulatory network model to explore gene expression time variation . in particular , it is shown how non - uniform expression times can emerge under certain conditions through simulated evolution . that is , gene expression time variance appears beneficial in the shaping of the dynamical behaviour ←
→ average distance queries through weighted samples in graphs and metric spaces : high scalability with tight statistical guarantees ; the average distance from a node to all other nodes in a graph , or from a query point in a metric space to a set of points , is a fundamental quantity in data analysis . the inverse of the average distance , known as the ( classic ) closeness centrality of a node , is a popular importance measure in the study of social networks . we develop novel structural insights on the sparsifia ←
→ automatic tracking of vessel - like structures from a single starting point ; the identification of vascular networks is an important topic in the medical image analysis community . while most methods focus on single vessel tracking , the few solutions that exist for tracking complete vascular networks are usually computationally intensive and require a lot of user interaction . in this paper we present a method to track full vascular networks iteratively using a single starting point . our approach is based on ←
→ an evolutionary approach for solving shrödinger equation ; the purpose of this paper is to present a method of solving the shr \" odinger equation ( se ) by genetic algorithms and grammatical evolution . the method forms generations of trial solutions expressed in an analytical form . we illustrate the effectiveness of this method providing , for example , the results of its application to a quantum system minimal energy , and we compare these results with those produced by traditional analytical methods ←
→ joint matrix - tensor factorization for knowledge base inference ; while several matrix factorization ( mf ) and tensor factorization ( tf ) models have been proposed for knowledge base ( kb ) inference , they have rarely been compared across various datasets . is there a single model that performs well across datasets ? if not , what characteristics of a dataset determine the performance of mf and tf models ? is there a joint tf + mf model that performs robustly on all datasets ? we perform an extensive evaluation to comp ←
→ analysis of first prototype universal intelligence tests : evaluating and comparing ai algorithms and humans ; today , available methods that assess ai systems are focused on using empirical techniques to measure the performance of algorithms in some specific tasks ( e . g ., playing chess , solving mazes or land a helicopter ). however , these methods are not appropriate if we want to evaluate the general intelligence of ai and , even less , if we compare it with human intelligence . the anynt project has designed a ←
→ applying part - of - seech enhanced lsa to automatic essay grading ; latent semantic analysis ( lsa ) is a widely used information retrieval method based on " bag - of - words " assumption . however , according to general conception , syntax plays a role in representing meaning of sentences . thus , enhancing lsa with part - of - speech ( pos ) information to capture the context of word occurrences appears to be theoretically feasible extension . the approach is tested empirically on a automatic essay grading system using lsa for ←
→ a transition - based directed acyclic graph parser for ucca ; we present the first parser for ucca , a cross - linguistically applicable framework for semantic representation , which builds on extensive typological work and supports rapid annotation . ucca poses a challenge for existing parsing techniques , as it exhibits reentrancy ( resulting in dag structures ), discontinuous structures and non - terminal nodes corresponding to complex semantic units . to our knowledge , the conjunction of these formal properties is n ←
→ four classes of morphogenetic collective systems ; we studied the roles of morphogenetic principles --- heterogeneity of components , dynamic differentiation / re - differentiation of components , and local information sharing among components --- in the self - organization of morphogenetic collective systems . by incrementally introducing these principles to collectives , we defined four distinct classes of morphogenetic collective systems . monte carlo simulations were conducted using an extended version of the swarm ch ←
→ language independent acquisition of abbreviations ; this paper addresses automatic extraction of abbreviations ( encompassing acronyms and initialisms ) and corresponding long - form expansions from plain unstructured text . we create and are going to release a multilingual resource for abbreviations and their corresponding expansions , built automatically by exploiting wikipedia redirect and disambiguation pages , that can be used as a benchmark for evaluation . we address a shortcoming of previous work where only ←
→ metrics for multivariate dictionaries ; overcomplete representations and dictionary learning algorithms kept attracting a growing interest in the machine learning community . this paper addresses the emerging problem of comparing multivariate overcomplete representations . despite a recurrent need to rely on a distance for learning or assessing multivariate overcomplete representations , no metrics in their underlying spaces have yet been proposed . henceforth we propose to study overcomplete representations fr ←
→ bootstrapping distantly supervised ie using joint learning and small well - structured corpora ; we propose a framework to improve performance of distantly - supervised relation extraction , by jointly learning to solve two related tasks : concept - instance extraction and relation extraction . we combine this with a novel use of document structure : in some small , well - structured corpora , sections can be identified that correspond to relation arguments , and distantly - labeled examples from such sections tend to hav ←
→ a unifying view of explicit and implicit feature maps for structured data : systematic studies of graph kernels ; non - linear kernel methods can be approximated by fast linear ones using suitable explicit feature maps allowing their application to large scale problems . to this end , explicit feature maps of kernels for vectorial data have been extensively studied . as many real - world data is structured , various kernels for complex data like graphs have been proposed . indeed , many of them directly compute feat ←
→ online vision - and action - based object classification using both symbolic and subsymbolic knowledge representations ; if a robot is supposed to roam an environment and interact with objects , it is often necessary to know all possible objects in advance , so that a database with models of all objects can be generated for visual identification . however , this constraint cannot always be fulfilled . due to that reason , a model based object recognition cannot be used to guide the robot ' s interactions . therefore ,←
→ large scale , large margin classification using indefinite similarity measures ; despite the success of the popular kernelized support vector machines , they have two major limitations : they are restricted to positive semi - definite ( psd ) kernels , and their training complexity scales at least quadratically with the size of the data . many natural measures of similarity between pairs of samples are not psd e . g . invariant kernels , and those that are implicitly or explicitly defined by latent variable models . in ←
→ simulations for validation of vision systems ; as the computer vision matures into a systems science and engineering discipline , there is a trend in leveraging latest advances in computer graphics simulations for performance evaluation , learning , and inference . however , there is an open question on the utility of graphics simulations for vision with apparently contradicting views in the literature . in this paper , we place the results from the recent literature in the context of performance characterization ←
→ weakly - supervised learning of visual relations ; this paper introduces a novel approach for modeling visual relations between pairs of objects . we call relation a triplet of the form ( subject , predicate , object ) where the predicate is typically a preposition ( eg . ' under ', ' in front of ') or a verb (' hold ', ' ride ') that links a pair of objects ( subject , object ). learning such relations is challenging as the objects have different spatial configurations and appearances depending on the relation in which they o ←
→ snaptogrid : from statistical to interpretable models for biomedical information extraction ; we propose an approach for biomedical information extraction that marries the advantages of machine learning models , e . g ., learning directly from data , with the benefits of rule - based approaches , e . g ., interpretability . our approach starts by training a feature - based statistical model , then converts this model to a rule - based variant by converting its features to rules , and " snapping to grid " the feature weights t ←
→ environmental noise embeddings for robust speech recognition ; we propose a novel deep neural network architecture for speech recognition that explicitly employs knowledge of the background environmental noise within a deep neural network acoustic model . a deep neural network is used to predict the acoustic environment in which the system in being used . the discriminative embedding generated at the bottleneck layer of this network is then concatenated with traditional acoustic features as input to a deep ne ←
→ discovering the graph structure in the clustering results ; in a standard cluster analysis , such as k - means , in addition to clusters locations and distances between them , it ' s important to know if they are connected or well separated from each other . the main focus of this paper is discovering the relations between the resulting clusters . we propose a new method which is based on pairwise overlapping k - means clustering , that in addition to means of clusters provides the graph structure of their relations . t ←
→ learning opacity in stratal maximum entropy grammar ; opaque phonological patterns are sometimes claimed to be difficult to learn ; specific hypotheses have been advanced about the relative difficulty of particular kinds of opaque processes ( kiparsky 1971 , 1973 ), and the kind of data that will be helpful in learning an opaque pattern ( kiparsky 2000 ). in this paper , we present a computationally implemented learning theory for one grammatical theory of opacity : a maximum entropy version of stratal ot ( berm \' ud ←
→ a cure for pathological behavior in games that use minimax ; the traditional approach to choosing moves in game - playing programs is the minimax procedure . the general belief underlying its use is that increasing search depth improves play . recent research has shown that given certain simplifying assumptions about a game tree ' s structure , this belief is erroneous : searching deeper decreases the probability of making a correct move . this phenomenon is called game tree pathology . among these simplifying assump ←
→ a random block - coordinate douglas - rachford splitting method with low computational complexity for binary logistic regression ; in this paper , we propose a new optimization algorithm for sparse logistic regression based on a stochastic version of the douglas - rachford splitting method . our algorithm sweeps the training set by randomly selecting a mini - batch of data at each iteration , and it allows us to update the variables in a block coordinate manner . our approach leverages the proximity operator of the l ←
→ recurrent neural network training with dark knowledge transfer ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ), particularly long short - term memory ( lstm ), have gained much attention in automatic speech recognition ( asr ). although some successful stories have been reported , training rnns remains highly challenging , especially with limited training data . recent research found that a well - trained model can be used as a teacher to train other child models , by using the predictions generated by the teacher model as supervis ←
→ large - scale youtube - 8m video understanding with deep neural networks ; video classification problem has been studied many years . the success of convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) in image recognition tasks gives a powerful incentive for researchers to create more advanced video classification approaches . as video has a temporal content long short term memory ( lstm ) networks become handy tool allowing to model long - term temporal clues . both approaches need a large dataset of input data . in this paper three ←
→ convolutional color constancy ; color constancy is the problem of inferring the color of the light that illuminated a scene , usually so that the illumination color can be removed . because this problem is underconstrained , it is often solved by modeling the statistical regularities of the colors of natural objects and illumination . in contrast , in this paper we reformulate the problem of color constancy as a 2d spatial localization task in a log - chrominance space , thereby allowing us to apply techniques from ←
→ speech recognition by machine , a review ; this paper presents a brief survey on automatic speech recognition and discusses the major themes and advances made in the past 60 years of research , so as to provide a technological perspective and an appreciation of the fundamental progress that has been accomplished in this important area of speech communication . after years of research and development the accuracy of automatic speech recognition remains one of the important research challenges ( e . g ., variations ←
→ blind image deblurring using row - column sparse representations ; blind image deblurring is a particularly challenging inverse problem where the blur kernel is unknown and must be estimated en route to recover the deblurred image . the problem is of strong practical relevance since many imaging devices such as cellphone cameras , must rely on deblurring algorithms to yield satisfactory image quality . despite significant research effort , handling large motions remains an open problem . in this paper , we develop ←
→ hash2vec , feature hashing for word embeddings ; in this paper we propose the application of feature hashing to create word embeddings for natural language processing . feature hashing has been used successfully to create document vectors in related tasks like document classification . in this work we show that feature hashing can be applied to obtain word embeddings in linear time with the size of the data . the results show that this algorithm , that does not need training , is able to capture the semantic mean ←
→ pragmatic side effects ; in the quest to give a formal compositional semantics to natural languages , semanticists have started turning their attention to phenomena that have been also considered as parts of pragmatics ( e . g ., discourse anaphora and presupposition projection ). to account for these phenomena , the very kinds of meanings assigned to words and phrases are often revisited . to be more specific , in the prevalent paradigm of modeling natural language denotations using the simply - typed lambda calculus ←
→ inferring restaurant styles by mining crowd sourced photos from user - review websites ; when looking for a restaurant online , user uploaded photos often give people an immediate and tangible impression about a restaurant . due to their informativeness , such user contributed photos are leveraged by restaurant review websites to provide their users an intuitive and effective search experience . in this paper , we present a novel approach to inferring restaurant types or styles ( ambiance , dish styles , suitabilit ←
→ a novel method for comparative analysis of dna sequences by ramanujan - fourier transform ; alignment - free sequence analysis approaches provide important alternatives over multiple sequence alignment ( msa ) in biological sequence analysis because alignment - free approaches have low computation complexity and are not dependent on high level of sequence identity , however , most of the existing alignment - free methods do not employ true full information content of sequences and thus can not accurately reveal simil ←
→ lateral connections in denoising autoencoders support supervised learning ; we show how a deep denoising autoencoder with lateral connections can be used as an auxiliary unsupervised learning task to support supervised learning . the proposed model is trained to minimize simultaneously the sum of supervised and unsupervised cost functions by back - propagation , avoiding the need for layer - wise pretraining . it improves the state of the art significantly in the permutation - invariant mnist classification task .←
→ characterizing realizability in abstract argumentation ; realizability for knowledge representation formalisms studies the following question : given a semantics and a set of interpretations , is there a knowledge base whose semantics coincides exactly with the given interpretation set ? we introduce a general framework for analyzing realizability in abstract dialectical frameworks ( adfs ) and various of its subclasses . in particular , the framework applies to dung argumentation frameworks , setafs by nielsen and ←
→ in search of the real inductive bias : on the role of implicit regularization in deep learning ; we present experiments demonstrating that some other form of capacity control , different from network size , plays a central role in learning multilayer feed - forward networks . we argue , partially through analogy to matrix factorization , that this is an inductive bias that can help shed light on deep learning .←
→ learning to discover sparse graphical models ; we consider structure discovery of undirected graphical models from observational data . inferring likely structures from few examples is a complex task often requiring the formulation of priors and sophisticated inference procedures . popular methods rely on estimating a penalized maximum likelihood of the precision matrix . however , in these approaches structure recovery is an indirect consequence of the data - fit term , the penalty can be difficult to adapt for d ←
→ a spacetime approach to generalized cognitive reasoning in multi - scale learning ; in modern machine learning , pattern recognition replaces realtime semantic reasoning . the mapping from input to output is learned with fixed semantics by training outcomes deliberately . this is an expensive and static approach which depends heavily on the availability of a very particular kind of prior raining data to make inferences in a single step . conventional semantic network approaches , on the other hand , base multi - st ←
→ patient - driven privacy control through generalized distillation ; the introduction of data analytics into medicine has changed the nature of patient treatment . in this , patients are asked to disclose personal information such as genetic markers , lifestyle habits , and clinical history . this data is then used by statistical models to predict personalized treatments . however , due to privacy concerns , patients often desire to withhold sensitive information . this self - censorship can impede proper diagnosis and t ←
→ worst - case upper bound for ( 1 , 2 )- qsat ; the rigorous theoretical analysis of the algorithm for a subclass of qsat , i . e . ( 1 , 2 )- qsat , has been proposed in the literature . ( 1 , 2 )- qsat , first introduced in sat ' 08 , can be seen as quantified extended 2 - cnf formulas . until now , within our knowledge , there exists no algorithm presenting the worst upper bound for ( 1 , 2 )- qsat . therefore in this paper , we present an exact algorithm to solve ( 1 , 2 )- qsat . by analyzing the algorithms , we obtain a worst - case upper bound ←
→ towards identification of relevant variables in the observed aerosol optical depth bias between modis and aeronet observations ; measurements made by satellite remote sensing , moderate resolution imaging spectroradiometer ( modis ), and globally distributed aerosol robotic network ( aeronet ) are compared . comparison of the two datasets measurements for aerosol optical depth values show that there are biases between the two data products . in this paper , we present a general framework towards identifying relev ←
→ a neural network approach to ecg denoising ; we propose an ecg denoising method based on a feed forward neural network with three hidden layers . particulary useful for very noisy signals , this approach uses the available ecg channels to reconstruct a noisy channel . we tested the method , on all the records from physionet mit - bih arrhythmia database , adding electrode motion artifact noise . this denoising method improved the perfomance of publicly available ecg analysis programs on noisy ecg signals . this is a ←
→ a parameterized approach to personalized variable length summarization of soccer matches ; we present a parameterized approach to produce personalized variable length summaries of soccer matches . our approach is based on temporally segmenting the soccer video into ' plays ', associating a user - specifiable ' utility ' for each type of play and using ' bin - packing ' to select a subset of the plays that add up to the desired length while maximizing the overall utility ( volume in bin - packing terms ). our approach sy ←
→ data stream clustering : challenges and issues ; very large databases are required to store massive amounts of data that are continuously inserted and queried . analyzing huge data sets and extracting valuable pattern in many applications are interesting for researchers . we can identify two main groups of techniques for huge data bases mining . one group refers to streaming data and applies mining techniques whereas second group attempts to solve this problem directly with efficient algorithms . recently many r ←
→ fast stochastic alternating direction method of multipliers ; in this paper , we propose a new stochastic alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ) algorithm , which incrementally approximates the full gradient in the linearized admm formulation . besides having a low per - iteration complexity as existing stochastic admm algorithms , the proposed algorithm improves the convergence rate on convex problems from $ o (\ frac 1 {\ sqrt { t }})$ to $ o (\ frac 1 t )$, where $ t $ is the number of iterations . this matches ←
→ adaptive crowdsourcing algorithms for the bandit survey problem ; very recently crowdsourcing has become the de facto platform for distributing and collecting human computation for a wide range of tasks and applications such as information retrieval , natural language processing and machine learning . current crowdsourcing platforms have some limitations in the area of quality control . most of the effort to ensure good quality has to be done by the experimenter who has to manage the number of workers needed t ←
→ learning non - metric visual similarity for image retrieval ; can a neural network learn the concept of visual similarity ? in this work , this question is addressed by training a deep learning model for the specific task of measuring the similarity between a pair of pictures in content - based image retrieval datasets . traditionally , content - based image retrieval systems rely on two fundamental tasks : 1 ) computing meaningful image representations from pixels and 2 ) measuring accurate visual similarity between th ←
→ adabatch : efficient gradient aggregation rules for sequential and parallel stochastic gradient methods ; we study a new aggregation operator for gradients coming from a mini - batch for stochastic gradient ( sg ) methods that allows a significant speed - up in the case of sparse optimization problems . we call this method adabatch and it only requires a few lines of code change compared to regular mini - batch sgd algorithms . we provide a theoretical insight to understand how this new class of algorithms is perfor ←
→ synthesis of neural networks for spatio - temporal spike pattern recognition and processing ; the advent of large scale neural computational platforms has highlighted the lack of algorithms for synthesis of neural structures to perform predefined cognitive tasks . the neural engineering framework offers one such synthesis , but it is most effective for a spike rate representation of neural information , and it requires a large number of neurons to implement simple functions . we describe a neural network synthe ←
→ roll - back hamiltonian monte carlo ; we propose a new framework for hamiltonian monte carlo ( hmc ) on truncated probability distributions with smooth underlying density functions . traditional hmc requires computing the gradient of potential function associated with the target distribution , and therefore does not perform its full power on truncated distributions due to lack of continuity and differentiability . in our framework , we introduce a sharp sigmoid factor in the density function to approximate the prob ←
→ d2ke : from distance to kernel and embedding ; for many machine learning problem settings , particularly with structured inputs such as sequences or sets of objects , a distance measure between inputs can be specified more naturally than a feature representation . however , most standard machine models are designed for inputs with a vector feature representation . in this work , we consider the estimation of a function $ f :\ mathcal { x } \ rightarrow \ r $ based solely on a dissimilarity measure $ d :\ mathcal { x }\ times \ math ←
→ a bayesian and machine learning approach to estimating influence model parameters for im - ro ; the rise of online social networks ( osns ) has caused an insurmountable amount of interest from advertisers and researchers seeking to monopolize on its features . researchers aim to develop strategies for determining how information is propagated among users within an osn that is captured by diffusion or influence models . we consider the influence models for the im - ro problem , a novel formulation to the influence ←
→ stable memory allocation in the hippocampus : fundamental limits and neural realization ; it is believed that hippocampus functions as a memory allocator in brain , the mechanism of which remains unrevealed . in valiant ' s neuroidal model , the hippocampus was described as a randomly connected graph , the computation on which maps input to a set of activated neuroids with stable size . valiant proposed three requirements for the hippocampal circuit to become a stable memory allocator ( sma ): stability , continuity ←
→ a dynamic programming algorithm for inference in recursive probabilistic programs ; we describe a dynamic programming algorithm for computing the marginal distribution of discrete probabilistic programs . this algorithm takes a functional interpreter for an arbitrary probabilistic programming language and turns it into an efficient marginalizer . because direct caching of sub - distributions is impossible in the presence of recursion , we build a graph of dependencies between sub - distributions . this factored s ←
→ approximate reflection symmetry in a point set : theory and algorithm with an application ; we propose an algorithm to detect approximate reflection symmetry present in a set of volumetrically distributed points belonging to $\ mathbb { r }^ d $ containing a distorted reflection symmetry pattern . we pose the problem of detecting approximate reflection symmetry as the problem of establishing the correspondences between the points which are reflections of each other and determining the reflection symmetry transfor ←
→ clubs - based particle swarm optimization ; this paper introduces a new dynamic neighborhood network for particle swarm optimization . in the proposed clubs - based particle swarm optimization ( c - pso ) algorithm , each particle initially joins a default number of what we call ' clubs '. each particle is affected by its own experience and the experience of the best performing member of the clubs it is a member of . clubs membership is dynamic , where the worst performing particles socialize more by joining more clubs t ←
→ syntaxnet models for the conll 2017 shared task ; we describe a baseline dependency parsing system for the conll2017 shared task . this system , which we call " parseysaurus ," uses the dragnn framework [ kong et al , 2017 ] to combine transition - based recurrent parsing and tagging with character - based word representations . on the v1 . 3 universal dependencies treebanks , the new system outpeforms the publicly available , state - of - the - art " parsey ' s cousins " models by 3 . 47 % absolute labeled accuracy score ( las ) across ←
→ deep neural networks - a brief history ; introduction to deep neural networks and their history .←
→ performance analysis of clustering algorithms for gene expression data ; microarray technology is a process that allows thousands of genes simultaneously monitor to various experimental conditions . it is used to identify the co - expressed genes in specific cells or tissues that are actively used to make proteins , this method is used to analysis the gene expression , an important task in bioinformatics research . cluster analysis of gene expression data has proved to be a useful tool for identifying co - expresse ←
→ compact value - function representations for qualitative preferences ; we consider the challenge of preference elicitation in systems that help users discover the most desirable item ( s ) within a given database . past work on preference elicitation focused on structured models that provide a factored representation of users ' preferences . such models require less information to construct and support efficient reasoning algorithms . this paper makes two substantial contributions to this area : ( 1 ) strong representa ←
→ compression artifacts reduction by a deep convolutional network ; lossy compression introduces complex compression artifacts , particularly the blocking artifacts , ringing effects and blurring . existing algorithms either focus on removing blocking artifacts and produce blurred output , or restores sharpened images that are accompanied with ringing effects . inspired by the deep convolutional networks ( dcn ) on super - resolution , we formulate a compact and efficient network for seamless attenuation of different c ←
→ multilayer spectral graph clustering via convex layer aggregation ; multilayer graphs are commonly used for representing different relations between entities and handling heterogeneous data processing tasks . new challenges arise in multilayer graph clustering for assigning clusters to a common multilayer node set and for combining information from each layer . this paper presents a theoretical framework for multilayer spectral graph clustering of the nodes via convex layer aggregation . under a novel multilay ←
→ time , chance , and action ; to operate intelligently in the world , an agent must reason about its actions . the consequences of an action are a function of both the state of the world and the action itself . many aspects of the world are inherently stochastic , so a representation for reasoning about actions must be able to express chances of world states as well as indeterminacy in the effects of actions and other events . this paper presents a propositional temporal probability logic for representing and reaso ←
→ single - pixel imaging with morlet wavelet correlated random patterns ; single - pixel imaging is an indirect imaging technique which utilizes simplified optical hardware and advanced computational methods . it offers novel solutions for hyper - spectral imaging , polarimetric imaging , three - dimensional imaging , holographic imaging , optical encryption and imaging through scattering media . the main limitations for its use come from relatively high measurement and reconstruction times . in this paper we propose to red ←
→ known unknowns : uncertainty quality in bayesian neural networks ; we evaluate the uncertainty quality in neural networks using anomaly detection . we extract uncertainty measures ( e . g . entropy ) from the predictions of candidate models , use those measures as features for an anomaly detector , and gauge how well the detector differentiates known from unknown classes . we assign higher uncertainty quality to candidate models that lead to better detectors . we also propose a novel method for sampling a variational ←
→ a differentiable transition between additive and multiplicative neurons ; existing approaches to combine both additive and multiplicative neural units either use a fixed assignment of operations or require discrete optimization to determine what function a neuron should perform . however , this leads to an extensive increase in the computational complexity of the training procedure . we present a novel , parameterizable transfer function based on the mathematical concept of non - integer functional iteration th ←
→ adversarial machine learning at scale ; adversarial examples are malicious inputs designed to fool machine learning models . they often transfer from one model to another , allowing attackers to mount black box attacks without knowledge of the target model ' s parameters . adversarial training is the process of explicitly training a model on adversarial examples , in order to make it more robust to attack or to reduce its test error on clean inputs . so far , adversarial training has primarily been applied to small ←
→ deep learning for real time crime forecasting ; accurate real time crime prediction is a fundamental issue for public safety , but remains a challenging problem for the scientific community . crime occurrences depend on many complex factors . compared to many predictable events , crime is sparse . at different spatio - temporal scales , crime distributions display dramatically different patterns . these distributions are of very low regularity in both space and time . in this work , we adapt the state - of - the - art deep ←
→ analysis of hybrid soft and hard computing techniques for forex monitoring systems ; in a universe with a single currency , there would be no foreign exchange market , no foreign exchange rates , and no foreign exchange . over the past twenty - five years , the way the market has performed those tasks has changed enormously . the need for intelligent monitoring systems has become a necessity to keep track of the complex forex market . the vast currency market is a foreign concept to the average individual . however ←
→ domain adaptation with l2 constraints for classifying images from different endoscope systems ; this paper proposes a method for domain adaptation that extends the maximum margin domain transfer ( mmdt ) proposed by hoffman et al ., by introducing l2 distance constraints between samples of different domains ; thus , our method is denoted as mmdtl2 . motivated by the differences between the images taken by narrow band imaging ( nbi ) endoscopic devices , we utilize different nbi devices as different domains and est ←
→ single - shot refinement neural network for object detection ; for object detection , the two - stage approach ( e . g ., faster r - cnn ) has been achieving the highest accuracy , whereas the one - stage approach ( e . g ., ssd ) has the advantage of high efficiency . to inherit the merits of both while overcoming their disadvantages , in this paper , we propose a novel single - shot based detector , called refinedet , that achieves better accuracy than two - stage methods and maintains comparable efficiency of one - stage methods . refi ←
→ high dimensional inference with random maximum a - posteriori perturbations ; this paper presents a new approach , called perturb - max , for high - dimensional statistical inference that is based on applying random perturbations followed by optimization . this framework injects randomness to maximum a - posteriori ( map ) predictors by randomly perturbing the potential function for the input . a classic result from extreme value statistics asserts that perturb - max operations generate unbiased samples from the gibbs di ←
→ towards a human eye behavior model by applying data mining techniques on gaze information from iec ; in this paper , we firstly present what is interactive evolutionary computation ( iec ) and rapidly how we have combined this artificial intelligence technique with an eye - tracker for visual optimization . next , in order to correctly parameterize our application , we present results from applying data mining techniques on gaze information coming from experiments conducted on about 80 human individuals .←
→ the fortresses of ejin : an example of outlining a site from satellite images ; from 1960 ' s to 1970 ' s , the chinese army built some fortified artificial hills . some of them are located in the inner mongolia , western china . these large fortresses are surrounded by moats . for some of them it is still possible to see earthworks , trenches and ditches , the planning of which could have a symbolic meaning . we can argue this result form their digital outlining , obtained after an image processing of satellite images ←
→ visual generalized coordinates ; an open problem in robotics is that of using vision to identify a robot ' s own body and the world around it . many models attempt to recover the traditional c - space parameters . instead , we propose an alternative c - space by deriving generalized coordinates from $ n $ images of the robot . we show that the space of such images is bijective to the motion space , so these images lie on a manifold $\ mathcal { v }$ homeomorphic to the canonical c - space . we now approximate this manifold as ←
→ deep face deblurring ; blind deblurring consists a long studied task , however the outcomes of generic methods are not effective in real world blurred images . domain - specific methods for deblurring targeted object categories , e . g . text or faces , frequently outperform their generic counterparts , hence they are attracting an increasing amount of attention . in this work , we develop such a domain - specific method to tackle deblurring of human faces , henceforth referred to as face deblurring . studying faces is of ←
→ loop formulas for description logic programs ; description logic programs ( dl - programs ) proposed by eiter et al . constitute an elegant yet powerful formalism for the integration of answer set programming with description logics , for the semantic web . in this paper , we generalize the notions of completion and loop formulas of logic programs to description logic programs and show that the answer sets of a dl - program can be precisely captured by the models of its completion and loop formulas . furthermore , we p ←
→ bipartite graph partitioning and data clustering ; many data types arising from data mining applications can be modeled as bipartite graphs , examples include terms and documents in a text corpus , customers and purchasing items in market basket analysis and reviewers and movies in a movie recommender system . in this paper , we propose a new data clustering method based on partitioning the underlying bipartite graph . the partition is constructed by minimizing a normalized sum of edge weights between unmatched ←
→ logistic regression : tight bounds for stochastic and online optimization ; the logistic loss function is often advocated in machine learning and statistics as a smooth and strictly convex surrogate for the 0 - 1 loss . in this paper we investigate the question of whether these smoothness and convexity properties make the logistic loss preferable to other widely considered options such as the hinge loss . we show that in contrast to known asymptotic bounds , as long as the number of prediction / optimization iterat ←
→ a bayesian approach for online classifier ensemble ; we propose a bayesian approach for recursively estimating the classifier weights in online learning of a classifier ensemble . in contrast with past methods , such as stochastic gradient descent or online boosting , our approach estimates the weights by recursively updating its posterior distribution . for a specified class of loss functions , we show that it is possible to formulate a suitably defined likelihood function and hence use the posterior distributi ←
→ satellite image - based localization via learned embeddings ; we propose a vision - based method that localizes a ground vehicle using publicly available satellite imagery as the only prior knowledge of the environment . our approach takes as input a sequence of ground - level images acquired by the vehicle as it navigates , and outputs an estimate of the vehicle ' s pose relative to a georeferenced satellite image . we overcome the significant viewpoint and appearance variations between the images through a neural mu ←
→ ssgan : secure steganography based on generative adversarial networks ; in this paper , a novel strategy of secure steganograpy based on generative adversarial networks is proposed to generate suitable and secure covers for steganography . the proposed architecture has one generative network , and two discriminative networks . the generative network mainly evaluates the visual quality of the generated images for steganography , and the discriminative networks are utilized to assess their suitableness for informat ←
→ quantum algorithms for compositional natural language processing ; we propose a new application of quantum computing to the field of natural language processing . ongoing work in this field attempts to incorporate grammatical structure into algorithms that compute meaning . in ( coecke , sadrzadeh and clark , 2010 ), the authors introduce such a model ( the csc model ) based on tensor product composition . while this algorithm has many advantages , its implementation is hampered by the large classical computational r ←
→ towards monocular digital elevation model ( dem ) estimation by convolutional neural networks - application on synthetic aperture radar images ; synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) interferometry ( insar ) is performed using repeat - pass geometry . insar technique is used to estimate the topographic reconstruction of the earth surface . the main problem of the range - doppler focusing technique is the nature of the two - dimensional sar result , affected by the layover indetermination . in order to resolve this problem , ←
→ model - based value estimation for efficient model - free reinforcement learning ; recent model - free reinforcement learning algorithms have proposed incorporating learned dynamics models as a source of additional data with the intention of reducing sample complexity . such methods hold the promise of incorporating imagined data coupled with a notion of model uncertainty to accelerate the learning of continuous control tasks . unfortunately , they rely on heuristics that limit usage of the dynamics model . we pres ←
→ effective spectral unmixing via robust representation and learning - based sparsity ; hyperspectral unmixing ( hu ) plays a fundamental role in a wide range of hyperspectral applications . it is still challenging due to the common presence of outlier channels and the large solution space . to address the above two issues , we propose a novel model by emphasizing both robust representation and learning - based sparsity . specifically , we apply the $\ ell_ { 2 , 1 }$- norm to measure the representation error , preventing out ←
→ total variation reconstruction for compressive sensing using nonlocal lagrangian multiplier ; total variation has proved its effectiveness in solving inverse problems for compressive sensing . besides , the nonlocal means filter used as regularization preserves texture better for recovered images , but it is quite complex to implement . in this paper , based on existence of both noise and image information in the lagrangian multiplier , we propose a simple method in term of implementation called nonlocal lagran ←
→ global normalization of convolutional neural networks for joint entity and relation classification ; we introduce globally normalized convolutional neural networks for joint entity classification and relation extraction . in particular , we propose a way to utilize a linear - chain conditional random field output layer for predicting entity types and relations between entities at the same time . our experiments show that global normalization outperforms a locally normalized softmax layer on a benchmark dataset ←
→ for your eyes only : learning to summarize first - person videos ; with the increasing amount of video data , it is desirable to highlight or summarize the videos of interest for viewing , search , or storage purposes . however , existing summarization approaches are typically trained from third - person videos , which cannot generalize to highlight the first - person ones . by advancing deep learning techniques , we propose a unique network architecture for transferring spatiotemporal information across video domains , wh ←
→ supervised topic models ; we introduce supervised latent dirichlet allocation ( slda ), a statistical model of labelled documents . the model accommodates a variety of response types . we derive an approximate maximum - likelihood procedure for parameter estimation , which relies on variational methods to handle intractable posterior expectations . prediction problems motivate this research : we use the fitted model to predict response values for new documents . we test slda on two real - world problems : movie ratings ←
→ from hashing to cnns : training binaryweight networks via hashing ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have shown appealing performance on various computer vision tasks in recent years . this motivates people to deploy cnns to realworld applications . however , most of state - of - art cnns require large memory and computational resources , which hinders the deployment on mobile devices . recent studies show that low - bit weight representation can reduce much storage and memory demand , and also can achieve effi ←
→ fast interactive image retrieval using large - scale unlabeled data ; an interactive image retrieval system learns which images in the database belong to a user ' s query concept , by analyzing the example images and feedback provided by the user . the challenge is to retrieve the relevant images with minimal user interaction . in this work , we propose to solve this problem by posing it as a binary classification task of classifying all images in the database as being relevant or irrelevant to the user ' s query con ←
→ sliderunner - a tool for massive cell annotations in whole slide images ; large - scale image data such as digital whole - slide histology images pose a challenging task at annotation software solutions . today , a number of good solutions with varying scopes exist . for cell annotation , however , we find that many do not match the prerequisites for fast annotations . especially in the field of mitosis detection , it is assumed that detection accuracy could significantly benefit from larger annotation databases that ←
→ divide - and - evolve : a new memetic scheme for domain - independent temporal planning ; an original approach , termed divide - and - evolve is proposed to hybridize evolutionary algorithms ( eas ) with operational research ( or ) methods in the domain of temporal planning problems ( tpps ). whereas standard memetic algorithms use local search methods to improve the evolutionary solutions , and thus fail when the local method stops working on the complete problem , the divide - and - evolve approach splits the problem at hand i ←
→ low - rank and sparse nmf for joint endmembers ' number estimation and blind unmixing of hyperspectral images ; estimation of the number of endmembers existing in a scene constitutes a critical task in the hyperspectral unmixing process . the accuracy of this estimate plays a crucial role in subsequent unsupervised unmixing steps i . e ., the derivation of the spectral signatures of the endmembers ( endmembers ' extraction ) and the estimation of the abundance fractions of the pixels . a common practice amply follow ←
→ learning from synthetic humans ; estimating human pose , shape , and motion from images and videos are fundamental challenges with many applications . recent advances in 2d human pose estimation use large amounts of manually - labeled training data for learning convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). such data is time consuming to acquire and difficult to extend . moreover , manual labeling of 3d pose , depth and motion is impractical . in this work we present surreal ( synthetic humans for real tasks ): a new large - sca ←
→ differentially private variational dropout ; deep neural networks with their large number of parameters are highly flexible learning systems . the high flexibility in such networks brings with some serious problems such as overfitting , and regularization is used to address this problem . a currently popular and effective regularization technique for controlling the overfitting is dropout . often , large data collections required for neural networks contain sensitive information such as the medical histories of ←
→ multi - class multi - object tracking using changing point detection ; this paper presents a robust multi - class multi - object tracking ( mcmot ) formulated by a bayesian filtering framework . multi - object tracking for unlimited object classes is conducted by combining detection responses and changing point detection ( cpd ) algorithm . the cpd model is used to observe abrupt or abnormal changes due to a drift and an occlusion based spatiotemporal characteristics of track states . the ensemble of convolutional neural ne ←
→ ajile movement prediction : multimodal deep learning for natural human neural recordings and video ; developing useful interfaces between brains and machines is a grand challenge of neuroengineering . an effective interface has the capacity to not only interpret neural signals , but predict the intentions of the human to perform an action in the near future ; prediction is made even more challenging outside well - controlled laboratory experiments . this paper describes our approach to detect and to predict natu ←
→ self - organizing multilayered neural networks of optimal complexity ; the principles of self - organizing the neural networks of optimal complexity is considered under the unrepresentative learning set . the method of self - organizing the multi - layered neural networks is offered and used to train the logical neural networks which were applied to the medical diagnostics .←
→ nonparametric general reinforcement learning ; reinforcement learning ( rl ) problems are often phrased in terms of markov decision processes ( mdps ). in this thesis we go beyond mdps and consider rl in environments that are non - markovian , non - ergodic and only partially observable . our focus is not on practical algorithms , but rather on the fundamental underlying problems : how do we balance exploration and exploitation ? how do we explore optimally ? when is an agent optimal ? we follow the nonparametric realizab ←
→ conditional utility , utility independence , and utility networks ; we introduce a new interpretation of two related notions - conditional utility and utility independence . unlike the traditional interpretation , the new interpretation renders the notions the direct analogues of their probabilistic counterparts . to capture these notions formally , we appeal to the notion of utility distribution , introduced in previous paper . we show that utility distributions , which have a structure that is identical to that of ←
→ multi - instance dynamic ordinal random fields for weakly - supervised pain intensity estimation ; in this paper , we address the multi - instance - learning ( mil ) problem when bag labels are naturally represented as ordinal variables ( multi -- instance -- ordinal regression ). moreover , we consider the case where bags are temporal sequences of ordinal instances . to model this , we propose the novel multi - instance dynamic ordinal random fields ( mi - dorf ). in this model , we treat instance - labels inside the bag as latent o ←
→ deep attribute networks ; obtaining compact and discriminative features is one of the major challenges in many of the real - world image classification tasks such as face verification and object recognition . one possible approach is to represent input image on the basis of high - level features that carry semantic meaning which humans can understand . in this paper , a model coined deep attribute network ( dan ) is proposed to address this issue . for an input image , the model outputs the attributes of the input ima ←
→ unsupervised open relation extraction ; we explore methods to extract relations between named entities from free text in an unsupervised setting . in addition to standard feature extraction , we develop a novel method to re - weight word embeddings . we alleviate the problem of features sparsity using an individual feature reduction . our approach exhibits a significant improvement by 5 . 8 % over the state - of - the - art relation clustering scoring a f1 - score of 0 . 416 on the nyt - fb dataset .←
→ efficient regularization of squared curvature ; curvature has received increased attention as an important alternative to length based regularization in computer vision . in contrast to length , it preserves elongated structures and fine details . existing approaches are either inefficient , or have low angular resolution and yield results with strong block artifacts . we derive a new model for computing squared curvature based on integral geometry . the model counts responses of straight line triple cliques . the ←
→ multimodal explanations : justifying decisions and pointing to the evidence ; deep models that are both effective and explainable are desirable in many settings ; prior explainable models have been unimodal , offering either image - based visualization of attention weights or text - based generation of post - hoc justifications . we propose a multimodal approach to explanation , and argue that the two modalities provide complementary explanatory strengths . we collect two new datasets to define and evaluate this task ←
→ deep neural networks as 0 - 1 mixed integer linear programs : a feasibility study ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) are very popular these days , and are the subject of a very intense investigation . a dnn is made by layers of internal units ( or neurons ), each of which computes an affine combination of the output of the units in the previous layer , applies a nonlinear operator , and outputs the corresponding value ( also known as activation ). a commonly - used nonlinear operator is the so - called rectified linear unit ←
→ anti - spoofing methods for automatic speakerverification system ; growing interest in automatic speaker verification ( asv ) systems has lead to significant quality improvement of spoofing attackson them . many research works confirm that despite the low equal er - ror rate ( eer ) asv systems are still vulnerable to spoofing attacks . inthis work we overview different acoustic feature spaces and classifiersto determine reliable and robust countermeasures against spoofing at - tacks . we compared several spoofing detect ←
→ coupled item - based matrix factorization ; the essence of the challenges cold start and sparsity in recommender systems ( rs ) is that the extant techniques , such as collaborative filtering ( cf ) and matrix factorization ( mf ), mainly rely on the user - item rating matrix , which sometimes is not informative enough for predicting recommendations . to solve these challenges , the objective item attributes are incorporated as complementary information . however , most of the existing methods for inferring the relationshi ←
→ analysis of heart diseases dataset using neural network approach ; one of the important techniques of data mining is classification . many real world problems in various fields such as business , science , industry and medicine can be solved by using classification approach . neural networks have emerged as an important tool for classification . the advantages of neural networks helps for efficient classification of given data . in this study a heart diseases dataset is analyzed using neural network approach . to ←
→ dynamic network updating techniques for diagnostic reasoning ; a new probabilistic network construction system , dynasty , is proposed for diagnostic reasoning given variables whose probabilities change over time . diagnostic reasoning is formulated as a sequential stochastic process , and is modeled using influence diagrams . given a set o of observations , dynasty creates an influence diagram in order to devise the best action given o . sensitivity analyses are conducted to determine if the best network has been ←
→ triaging content severity in online mental health forums ; mental health forums are online communities where people express their issues and seek help from moderators and other users . in such forums , there are often posts with severe content indicating that the user is in acute distress and there is a risk of attempted self - harm . moderators need to respond to these severe posts in a timely manner to prevent potential self - harm . however , the large volume of daily posted content makes it difficult for the mod ←
→ unsupervised evaluation and weighted aggregation of ranked predictions ; learning algorithms that aggregate predictions from an ensemble of diverse base classifiers consistently outperform individual methods . many of these strategies have been developed in a supervised setting , where the accuracy of each base classifier can be empirically measured and this information is incorporated in the training process . however , the reliance on labeled data precludes the application of ensemble methods to many real wor ←
→ unveiling the link between logical fallacies and web persuasion ; in the last decade human - computer interaction ( hci ) has started to focus attention on forms of persuasive interaction where computer technologies have the goal of changing users behavior and attitudes according to a predefined direction . in this work , we hypothesize a strong connection between logical fallacies ( forms of reasoning which are logically invalid but cognitively effective ) and some common persuasion strategies adopted within web t ←
→ reducing the error of monte carlo algorithms by learning control variates ; monte carlo ( mc ) sampling algorithms are an extremely widely - used technique to estimate expectations of functions f ( x ), especially in high dimensions . control variates are a very powerful technique to reduce the error of such estimates , but in their conventional form rely on having an accurate approximation of f , a priori . stacked monte carlo ( stackmc ) is a recently introduced technique designed to overcome this limitation by fitt ←
→ sentence boundary detection for french with subword - level information vectors and convolutional neural networks ; in this work we tackle the problem of sentence boundary detection applied to french as a binary classification task (" sentence boundary " or " not sentence boundary "). we combine convolutional neural networks with subword - level information vectors , which are word embedding representations learned from wikipedia that take advantage of the words morphology ; so each word is represented as a bag of ←
→ augmented neural networks for modelling consumer indebtness ; consumer debt has risen to be an important problem of modern societies , generating a lot of research in order to understand the nature of consumer indebtness , which so far its modelling has been carried out by statistical models . in this work we show that computational intelligence can offer a more holistic approach that is more suitable for the complex relationships an indebtness dataset has and linear regression cannot uncover . in particular , a ←
→ optimal transport maps for distribution preserving operations on latent spaces of generative models ; generative models such as variational auto encoders ( vaes ) and generative adversarial networks ( gans ) are typically trained for a fixed prior distribution in the latent space , such as uniform or gaussian . after a trained model is obtained , one can sample the generator in various forms for exploration and understanding , such as interpolating between two samples , sampling in the vicinity of a sample or expl ←
→ structure regularized bidirectional recurrent convolutional neural network for relation classification ; relation classification is an important semantic processing task in the field of natural language processing ( nlp ). in this paper , we present a novel model , structure regularized bidirectional recurrent convolutional neural network ( sr - brcnn ), to classify the relation of two entities in a sentence , and the new dataset of chinese sanwen for named entity recognition and relation classification . some state ←
→ somz : photometric redshift pdfs with self organizing maps and random atlas ; in this paper we explore the applicability of the unsupervised machine learning technique of self organizing maps ( som ) to estimate galaxy photometric redshift probability density functions ( pdfs ). this technique takes a spectroscopic training set , and maps the photometric attributes , but not the redshifts , to a two dimensional surface by using a process of competitive learning where neurons compete to more closely resemble the t ←
→ max - mahalanobis linear discriminant analysis networks ; a deep neural network ( dnn ) consists of a nonlinear transformation from an input to a feature representation , followed by a common softmax linear classifier . though many efforts have been devoted to designing a proper architecture for nonlinear transformation , little investigation has been done on the classifier part . in this paper , we show that a properly designed classifier can improve robustness to adversarial attacks and lead to better prediction r ←
→ automorphism groups of graphical models and lifted variational inference ; using the theory of group action , we first introduce the concept of the automorphism group of an exponential family or a graphical model , thus formalizing the general notion of symmetry of a probabilistic model . this automorphism group provides a precise mathematical framework for lifted inference in the general exponential family . its group action partitions the set of random variables and feature functions into equivalent classes (←
→ learning influence functions from incomplete observations ; we study the problem of learning influence functions under incomplete observations of node activations . incomplete observations are a major concern as most ( online and real - world ) social networks are not fully observable . we establish both proper and improper pac learnability of influence functions under randomly missing observations . proper pac learnability under the discrete - time linear threshold ( dlt ) and discrete - time independent cascade ( dic ) ←
→ cortical processing with thermodynamic - ram ; ahah computing forms a theoretical framework from which a biologically - inspired type of computing architecture can be built where , unlike von neumann systems , memory and processor are physically combined . in this paper we report on an incremental step beyond the theoretical framework of ahah computing toward the development of a memristor - based physical neural processing unit ( npu ), which we call thermodynamic - ram ( kt - ram ). while the power consumption and speed d ←
→ parametric connectives in disjunctive logic programming ; disjunctive logic programming (\ dlp ) is an advanced formalism for knowledge representation and reasoning ( krr ). \ dlp is very expressive in a precise mathematical sense : it allows to express every property of finite structures that is decidable in the complexity class $\ sigmap { 2 }$ ($\ np ^{\ np }$). importantly , the \ dlp encodings are often simple and natural . in this paper , we single out some limitations of \ dlp for krr , which cannot naturally express ←
→ evaluation of machine learning techniques for green energy prediction ; we evaluate the following machine learning techniques for green energy ( wind , solar ) prediction : bayesian inference , neural networks , support vector machines , clustering techniques ( pca ). our objective is to predict green energy using weather forecasts , predict deviations from forecast green energy , find correlation amongst different weather parameters and green energy availability , recover lost or missing energy (/ weather ) data . we us ←
→ neyman - pearson classification under high - dimensional settings ; most existing binary classification methods target on the optimization of the overall classification risk and may fail to serve some real - world applications such as cancer diagnosis , where users are more concerned with the risk of misclassifying one specific class than the other . neyman - pearson ( np ) paradigm was introduced in this context as a novel statistical framework for handling asymmetric type i / ii error priorities . it seeks classifiers w ←
→ synapse at cap 2017 ner challenge : fasttext crf ; we present our system for the cap 2017 ner challenge which is about named entity recognition on french tweets . our system leverages unsupervised learning on a larger dataset of french tweets to learn features feeding a crf model . it was ranked first without using any gazetteer or structured external data , with an f - measure of 58 . 89 \%. to the best of our knowledge , it is the first system to use fasttext embeddings ( which include subword representations ) and a ←
→ unsupervised identification of translationese ; translated texts are distinctively different from original ones , to the extent that supervised text classification methods can distinguish between them with high accuracy . these differences were proven useful for statistical machine translation . however , it has been suggested that the accuracy of translation detection deteriorates when the classifier is evaluated outside the domain it was trained on . we show that this is indeed the case , in a variety of evalua ←
→ nonparametric quantile - based causal discovery ; telling cause from effect using observational data is a challenging problem , especially in the bivariate case . contemporary methods often assume an independence between the cause and the generating mechanism of the effect given the cause . from this postulate , they derive asymmetries to uncover causal relationships . in this work , we propose such an approach , based on the link between kolmogorov complexity and quantile scoring . we use a nonparametric conditional ←
→ audio - visual speaker diarization based on spatiotemporal bayesian fusion ; speaker diarization consists of assigning speech signals to people engaged in a dialogue . an audio - visual spatiotemporal diarization model is proposed . the model is well suited for challenging scenarios that consist of several participants engaged in multi - party interaction while they move around and turn their heads towards the other participants rather than facing the cameras and the microphones . multiple - person visual tracking is ←
→ probabilistic reasoning in the description logic alcp with the principle of maximum entropy ( full version ) ; a central question for knowledge representation is how to encode and handle uncertain knowledge adequately . we introduce the probabilistic description logic alcp that is designed for representing context - dependent knowledge , where the actual context taking place is uncertain . alcp allows the expression of logical dependencies on the domain and probabilistic dependencies on the possible contexts . in ←
→ flexible interpretations : a computational model for dynamic uncertainty assessment ; the investigations reported in this paper center on the process of dynamic uncertainty assessment during interpretation tasks in real domain . in particular , we are interested here in the nature of the control structure of computer programs that can support multiple interpretation and smooth transitions between them , in real time . each step of the processing involves the interpretation of one input item and the appropriate ←
→ an optimal algorithm for bandit and zero - order convex optimization with two - point feedback ; we consider the closely related problems of bandit convex optimization with two - point feedback , and zero - order stochastic convex optimization with two function evaluations per round . we provide a simple algorithm and analysis which is optimal for convex lipschitz functions . this improves on \ cite { dujww13 }, which only provides an optimal result for smooth functions ; moreover , the algorithm and analysis are simpler ,←
→ generating high - quality and informative conversation responses with sequence - to - sequence models ; sequence - to - sequence models have been applied to the conversation response generation problem where the source sequence is the conversation history and the target sequence is the response . unlike translation , conversation responding is inherently creative . the generation of long , informative , coherent , and diverse responses remains a hard task . in this work , we focus on the single turn setting . we add self - at ←
→ adaptive importance sampling for estimation in structured domains ; sampling is an important tool for estimating large , complex sums and integrals over high dimensional spaces . for instance , important sampling has been used as an alternative to exact methods for inference in belief networks . ideally , we want to have a sampling distribution that provides optimal - variance estimators . in this paper , we present methods that improve the sampling distribution by systematically adapting it as we obtain information ←
→ human and machine judgements for russian semantic relatedness ; semantic relatedness of terms represents similarity of meaning by a numerical score . on the one hand , humans easily make judgments about semantic relatedness . on the other hand , this kind of information is useful in language processing systems . while semantic relatedness has been extensively studied for english using numerous language resources , such as associative norms , human judgments , and datasets generated from lexical databases , no evalua ←
→ bktreebank : building a vietnamese dependency treebank ; dependency treebank is an important resource in any language . in this paper , we present our work on building bktreebank , a dependency treebank for vietnamese . important points on designing pos tagset , dependency relations , and annotation guidelines are discussed . we describe experiments on pos tagging and dependency parsing on the treebank . experimental results show that the treebank is a useful resource for vietnamese language processing .←
→ zero - aliasing correlation filters for object recognition ; correlation filters ( cfs ) are a class of classifiers that are attractive for object localization and tracking applications . traditionally , cfs have been designed in the frequency domain using the discrete fourier transform ( dft ), where correlation is efficiently implemented . however , existing cf designs do not account for the fact that the multiplication of two dfts in the frequency domain corresponds to a circular correlation in the time / spatial do ←
→ fully - trainable deep matching ; deep matching ( dm ) is a popular high - quality method for quasi - dense image matching . despite its name , however , the original dm formulation does not yield a deep neural network that can be trained end - to - end via backpropagation . in this paper , we remove this limitation by rewriting the complete dm algorithm as a convolutional neural network . this results in a novel deep architecture for image matching that involves a number of new layer types and that , similar to recent networ ←
→ investigating gated recurrent neural networks for speech synthesis ; recently , recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) as powerful sequence models have re - emerged as a potential acoustic model for statistical parametric speech synthesis ( spss ). the long short - term memory ( lstm ) architecture is particularly attractive because it addresses the vanishing gradient problem in standard rnns , making them easier to train . although recent studies have demonstrated that lstms can achieve significantly better performance on ←
→ how scientific literature has been evolving over the time ? a novel statistical approach using tracking verbal - based methods ; this paper provides a global vision of the scientific publications related with the systemic lupus erythematosus ( sle ), taking as starting point abstracts of articles . through the time , abstracts have been evolving towards higher complexity on used terminology , which makes necessary the use of sophisticated statistical methods and answering questions including : how vocabulary is ev ←
→ a note on the lack of symmetry in the graphical lasso ; the graphical lasso ( glasso ) is a widely - used fast algorithm for estimating sparse inverse covariance matrices . the glasso solves an l1 penalized maximum likelihood problem and is available as an r library on cran . the output from the glasso , a regularized covariance matrix estimate a sparse inverse covariance matrix estimate , not only identify a graphical model but can also serve as intermediate inputs into multivariate procedures such as pca , lda , ma ←
→ brain mri super resolution using 3d deep densely connected neural networks ; magnetic resonance image ( mri ) in high spatial resolution provides detailed anatomical information and is often necessary for accurate quantitative analysis . however , high spatial resolution typically comes at the expense of longer scan time , less spatial coverage , and lower signal to noise ratio ( snr ). single image super - resolution ( sisr ), a technique aimed to restore high - resolution ( hr ) details from one single low - resolution (←
→ what the f - measure doesn ' t measure : features , flaws , fallacies and fixes ; the f - measure or f - score is one of the most commonly used single number measures in information retrieval , natural language processing and machine learning , but it is based on a mistake , and the flawed assumptions render it unsuitable for use in most contexts ! fortunately , there are better alternatives .←
→ robust mixture of experts modeling using the skew $ t $ distribution ; mixture of experts ( moe ) is a popular framework in the fields of statistics and machine learning for modeling heterogeneity in data for regression , classification and clustering . moe for continuous data are usually based on the normal distribution . however , it is known that for data with asymmetric behavior , heavy tails and atypical observations , the use of the normal distribution is unsuitable . we introduce a new robust non - normal mixture ←
→ missing data in sparse transition matrix estimation for sub - gaussian vector autoregressive processes ; high - dimensional time series data exist in numerous areas such as finance , genomics , healthcare , and neuroscience . an unavoidable aspect of all such datasets is missing data , and dealing with this issue has been an important focus in statistics , control , and machine learning . in this work , we consider a high - dimensional estimation problem where a dynamical system , governed by a stable vector autoregressi ←
→ learning from noisy label distributions ; in this paper , we consider a novel machine learning problem , that is , learning a classifier from noisy label distributions . in this problem , each instance with a feature vector belongs to at least one group . then , instead of the true label of each instance , we observe the label distribution of the instances associated with a group , where the label distribution is distorted by an unknown noise . our goals are to ( 1 ) estimate the true label of each instance , and ( 2 ) le ←
→ cross - lingual induction and transfer of verb classes based on word vector space specialisation ; existing approaches to automatic verbnet - style verb classification are heavily dependent on feature engineering and therefore limited to languages with mature nlp pipelines . in this work , we propose a novel cross - lingual transfer method for inducing verbnets for multiple languages . to the best of our knowledge , this is the first study which demonstrates how the architectures for learning word embeddings can be ←
→ robust large margin deep neural networks ; the generalization error of deep neural networks via their classification margin is studied in this work . our approach is based on the jacobian matrix of a deep neural network and can be applied to networks with arbitrary non - linearities and pooling layers , and to networks with different architectures such as feed forward networks and residual networks . our analysis leads to the conclusion that a bounded spectral norm of the network ' s jacobian matrix in the neighbo ←
→ temporal - needle : a view and appearance invariant video descriptor ; the ability to detect similar actions across videos can be very useful for real - world applications in many fields . however , this task is still challenging for existing systems , since videos that present the same action , can be taken from significantly different viewing directions , performed by different actors and backgrounds and under various video qualities . video descriptors play a significant role in these systems . in this work we propo ←
→ combination of evidence using the principle of minimum information gain ; one of the most important aspects in any treatment of uncertain information is the rule of combination for updating the degrees of uncertainty . the theory of belief functions uses the dempster rule to combine two belief functions defined by independent bodies of evidence . however , with limited dependency information about the accumulated belief the dempster rule may lead to unsatisfactory results . the present study suggests a method t ←
→ efficient text classification using tree - structured multi - linear principal component analysis ; a novel text data dimension reduction technique , called the tree - structured multi - linear principal component anal - ysis ( tmpca ), is proposed in this work . being different from traditional text dimension reduction methods that deal with the word - level representation , the tmpca technique reduces the dimension of input sequences and sentences to simplify the following text classification tasks . it is shown mathema ←
→ the power of non - ground rules in answer set programming ; answer set programming ( asp ) is a well - established logic programming language that offers an intuitive , declarative syntax for problem solving . in its traditional application , a fixed asp program for a given problem is designed and the actual instance of the problem is fed into the program as a set of facts . this approach typically results in programs with comparably short and simple rules . however , as is known from complexity analysis , such an appro ←
→ navigating the semantic horizon using relative neighborhood graphs ; this paper is concerned with nearest neighbor search in distributional semantic models . a normal nearest neighbor search only returns a ranked list of neighbors , with no information about the structure or topology of the local neighborhood . this is a potentially serious shortcoming of the mode of querying a distributional semantic model , since a ranked list of neighbors may conflate several different senses . we argue that the topology of n ←
→ deep artifact learning for compressed sensing and parallel mri ; purpose : compressed sensing mri ( cs - mri ) from single and parallel coils is one of the powerful ways to reduce the scan time of mr imaging with performance guarantee . however , the computational costs are usually expensive . this paper aims to propose a computationally fast and accurate deep learning algorithm for the reconstruction of mr images from highly down - sampled k - space data . theory : based on the topological analysis , we show that the d ←
→ improving adherence to heart failure management guidelines via abductive reasoning ; management of chronic diseases such as heart failure ( hf ) is a major public health problem . a standard approach to managing chronic diseases by medical community is to have a committee of experts develop guidelines that all physicians should follow . due to their complexity , these guidelines are difficult to implement and are adopted slowly by the medical community at large . we have developed a physician advisory system th ←
→ contractive de - noising auto - encoder ; auto - encoder is a special kind of neural network based on reconstruction . de - noising auto - encoder ( dae ) is an improved auto - encoder which is robust to the input by corrupting the original data first and then reconstructing the original input by minimizing the reconstruction error function . and contractive auto - encoder ( cae ) is another kind of improved auto - encoder to learn robust feature by introducing the frobenius norm of the jacobean matrix of the learned feature wit ←
→ intuitive visualization of the intelligence for the run - down of terrorist wire - pullers ; the investigation of the terrorist attack is a time - critical task . the investigators have a limited time window to diagnose the organizational background of the terrorists , to run down and arrest the wire - pullers , and to take an action to prevent or eradicate the terrorist attack . the intuitive interface to visualize the intelligence data set stimulates the investigators ' experience and knowledge , and aids them in dec ←
→ 3d non - rigid registration using color : color coherent point drift ; research into object deformations using computer vision techniques has been under intense study in recent years . a widely used technique is 3d non - rigid registration to estimate the transformation between two instances of a deforming structure . despite many previous developments on this topic , it remains a challenging problem . in this paper we propose a novel approach to non - rigid registration combining two data spaces in order to robustly ←
→ new approach to translation of isolated units in english - korean machine translation ; it is the most effective way for quick translation of tremendous amount of explosively increasing science and technique information material to develop a practicable machine translation system and introduce it into translation practice . this essay treats problems arising from translation of isolated units on the basis of the practical materials and experiments obtained in the development and introduction of english - korea ←
→ fuzzy modeling of electrical impedance tomography image of the lungs ; electrical impedance tomography ( eit ) is a functional imaging method that is being developed for bedside use in critical care medicine . aiming at improving the chest anatomical resolution of eit images we developed a fuzzy model based on eit high temporal resolution and the functional information contained in the pulmonary perfusion and ventilation signals . eit data from an experimental animal model were collected during normal ventilati ←
→ autonomous driving in reality with reinforcement learning and image translation ; supervised learning is widely used in training autonomous driving vehicle . however , it is trained with large amount of supervised labeled data . reinforcement learning can be trained without abundant labeled data , but we cannot train it in reality because it would involve many unpredictable accidents . nevertheless , training an agent with good performance in virtual environment is relatively much easier . because of the huge di ←
→ extension of sbl algorithms for the recovery of block sparse signals with intra - block correlation ; we examine the recovery of block sparse signals and extend the framework in two important directions ; one by exploiting signals ' intra - block correlation and the other by generalizing signals ' block structure . we propose two families of algorithms based on the framework of block sparse bayesian learning ( bsbl ). one family , directly derived from the bsbl framework , requires knowledge of the block structure . a ←
→ exponential families for conditional random fields ; in this paper we de ne conditional random elds in reproducing kernel hilbert spaces and show connections to gaussian process classi cation . more speci cally , we prove decomposition results for undirected graphical models and we give constructions for kernels . finally we present e cient means of solving the optimization problem using reduced rank decompositions and we show how stationarity can be exploited e ciently in the optimization process .←
→ crafting adversarial examples for speech paralinguistics applications ; computational paralinguistic analysis is increasingly being used in a wide range of applications , including security - sensitive applications such as speaker verification , deceptive speech detection , and medical diagnosis . while state - of - the - art machine learning techniques , such as deep neural networks , can provide robust and accurate speech analysis , they are susceptible to adversarial attacks . in this work , we propose a novel end - to - end ←
→ partial light field tomographic reconstruction from a fixed - camera focal stack ; this paper describes a novel approach to partially reconstruct high - resolution 4d light fields from a stack of differently focused photographs taken with a fixed camera . first , a focus map is calculated from this stack using a simple approach combining gradient detection and region expansion with graph - cut . then , this focus map is converted into a depth map thanks to the calibration of the camera . we proceed after this with t ←
→ regret guarantees for item - item collaborative filtering ; there is much empirical evidence that item - item collaborative filtering works well in practice . motivated to understand this , we provide a framework to design and analyze various recommendation algorithms . the setup amounts to online binary matrix completion , where at each time a random user requests a recommendation and the algorithm chooses an entry to reveal in the user ' s row . the goal is to minimize regret , or equivalently to maximize the number ←
→ digital advertising traffic operation : machine learning for process discovery ; in a web advertising traffic operation it ' s necessary to manage the day - to - day trafficking , pacing and optimization of digital and paid social campaigns . the data analyst on traffic operation can not only quickly provide answers but also speaks the language of the process manager and visually displays the discovered process problems . in order to solve a growing number of complaints in the customer service process , the weakness ←
→ particle gibbs with ancestor sampling for probabilistic programs ; particle markov chain monte carlo techniques rank among current state - of - the - art methods for probabilistic program inference . a drawback of these techniques is that they rely on importance resampling , which results in degenerate particle trajectories and a low effective sample size for variables sampled early in a program . we here develop a formalism to adapt ancestor resampling , a technique that mitigates particle degeneracy , to the probabi ←
→ multilingual visual sentiment concept matching ; the impact of culture in visual emotion perception has recently captured the attention of multimedia research . in this study , we pro - vide powerful computational linguistics tools to explore , retrieve and browse a dataset of 16k multilingual affective visual concepts and 7 . 3m flickr images . first , we design an effective crowdsourc - ing experiment to collect human judgements of sentiment connected to the visual concepts . we then use word embeddings to repre - s ←
→ an unbiased data collection and content exploitation / exploration strategy for personalization ; one of missions for personalization systems and recommender systems is to show content items according to users ' personal interests . in order to achieve such goal , these systems are learning user interests over time and trying to present content items tailoring to user profiles . recommending items according to users ' preferences has been investigated extensively in the past few years , mainly thanks for the popu ←
→ attractor metadynamics in adapting neural networks ; slow adaption processes , like synaptic and intrinsic plasticity , abound in the brain and shape the landscape for the neural dynamics occurring on substantially faster timescales . at any given time the network is characterized by a set of internal parameters , which are adapting continuously , albeit slowly . this set of parameters defines the number and the location of the respective adiabatic attractors . the slow evolution of network parameters hence induce ←
→ structured block basis factorization for scalable kernel matrix evaluation ; kernel matrices are popular in machine learning and scientific computing , but they are limited by their quadratic complexity in both construction and storage . it is well - known that as one varies the kernel parameter , e . g ., the width parameter in radial basis function kernels , the kernel matrix changes from a smooth low - rank kernel to a diagonally - dominant and then fully - diagonal kernel . low - rank approximation methods have been wi ←
→ polarity sensitivity and evaluation order in type - logical grammar ; we present a novel , type - logical analysis of_polarity sensitivity_ : how negative polarity items ( like " any " and " ever ") or positive ones ( like " some ") are licensed or prohibited . it takes not just scopal relations but also linear order into account , using the programming - language notions of delimited continuations and evaluation order , respectively . it thus achieves greater empirical coverage than previous proposals .←
→ variable - length hashing ; hashing has emerged as a popular technique for large - scale similarity search . most learning - based hashing methods generate compact yet correlated hash codes . however , this redundancy is storage - inefficient . hence we propose a lossless variable - length hashing ( vlh ) method that is both storage - and search - efficient . storage efficiency is achieved by converting the fixed - length hash code into a variable - length code . search efficiency is obtained by using a multiple hash table structur ←
→ transferring object - scene convolutional neural networks for event recognition in still images ; event recognition in still images is an intriguing problem and has potential for real applications . this paper addresses the problem of event recognition by proposing a convolutional neural network that exploits knowledge of objects and scenes for event classification ( os2e - cnn ). intuitively , it stands to reason that there exists a correlation among the concepts of objects , scenes , and events . we empirically de ←
→ incremental ransac for online relocation in large dynamic environments ; vehicle relocation is the problem in which a mobile robot has to estimate the self - position with respect to an a priori map of landmarks using the perception and the motion measurements without using any knowledge of the initial self - position . recently , random sample consensus ( ransac ), a robust multi - hypothesis estimator , has been successfully applied to offline relocation in static environments . on the other hand , online relocation i ←
→ efficient tracking of a growing number of experts ; we consider a variation on the problem of prediction with expert advice , where new forecasters that were unknown until then may appear at each round . as often in prediction with expert advice , designing an algorithm that achieves near - optimal regret guarantees is straightforward , using aggregation of experts . however , when the comparison class is sufficiently rich , for instance when the best expert and the set of experts itself changes over time , such stra ←
→ first - order stable model semantics and first - order loop formulas ; lin and zhaos theorem on loop formulas states that in the propositional case the stable model semantics of a logic program can be completely characterized by propositional loop formulas , but this result does not fully carry over to the first - order case . we investigate the precise relationship between the first - order stable model semantics and first - order loop formulas , and study conditions under which the former can be represented by the lat ←
→ technical report : graph - structured sparse optimization for connected subgraph detection ; structured sparse optimization is an important and challenging problem for analyzing high - dimensional data in a variety of applications such as bioinformatics , medical imaging , social networks , and astronomy . although a number of structured sparsity models have been explored , such as trees , groups , clusters , and paths , connected subgraphs have been rarely explored in the current literature . one of the main technical ←
→ a kdv - like advection - dispersion equation with some remarkable properties ; we discuss a new non - linear pde , u_t + ( 2 u_xx / u ) u_x = epsilon u_xxx , invariant under scaling of dependent variable and referred to here as sidv . it is one of the simplest such translation and space - time reflection - symmetric first order advection - dispersion equations . this pde ( with dispersion coefficient unity ) was discovered in a genetic programming search for equations sharing the kdv solitary wave solution . it provides a bridge ←
→ forest understory trees can be segmented accurately within sufficiently dense airborne laser scanning point clouds ; airborne laser scanning ( lidar ) point clouds over large forested areas can be processed to segment individual trees and subsequently extract tree - level information . existing segmentation procedures typically detect more than 90 % of overstory trees , yet they barely detect 60 % of understory trees because of the occlusion effect of higher canopy layers . although understory trees provide limite ←
→ deepmasterprint : fingerprint spoofing via latent variable evolution ; biometric authentication is important for a large range of systems , including but not limited to consumer electronic devices such as phones . understanding the limits of and attacks on such systems is therefore crucial . this paper presents an attack on fingerprint recognition system using masterprints , synthetic fingerprints that are capable of spoofing multiple people ' s fingerprints . the method described is the first to generate complete ←
→ relevance of unsupervised metrics in task - oriented dialogue for evaluating natural language generation ; automated metrics such as bleu are widely used in the machine translation literature . they have also been used recently in the dialogue community for evaluating dialogue response generation . however , previous work in dialogue response generation has shown that these metrics do not correlate strongly with human judgment in the non task - oriented dialogue setting . task - oriented dialogue responses are expr ←
→ a note on the statistical view of matrix completion ; a very simple interpretation of matrix completion problem is introduced based on statistical models . combined with the well - known results from missing data analysis , such interpretation indicates that matrix completion is still a valid and principled estimation procedure even without the missing completely at random ( mcar ) assumption , which almost all of the current theoretical studies of matrix completion assume .←
→ investigation of variances in belief networks ; the belief network is a well - known graphical structure for representing independences in a joint probability distribution . the methods , which perform probabilistic inference in belief networks , often treat the conditional probabilities which are stored in the network as certain values . however , if one takes either a subjectivistic or a limiting frequency approach to probability , one can never be certain of probability values . an algorithm should not only be ca ←
→ sppam - statistical preprocessing algorithm ; most machine learning tools work with a single table where each row is an instance and each column is an attribute . each cell of the table contains an attribute value for an instance . this representation prevents one important form of learning , which is , classification based on groups of correlated records , such as multiple exams of a single patient , internet customer preferences , weather forecast or prediction of sea conditions for a given day . to some extent , ←
→ learning locality - constrained collaborative representation for face recognition ; the model of low - dimensional manifold and sparse representation are two well - known concise models that suggest each data can be described by a few characteristics . manifold learning is usually investigated for dimension reduction by preserving some expected local geometric structures from the original space to a low - dimensional one . the structures are generally determined by using pairwise distance , e . g ., euclidean distance .←
→ computer - assisted polyp matching between optical colonoscopy and ct colonography : a phantom study ; potentially precancerous polyps detected with ct colonography ( ctc ) need to be removed subsequently , using an optical colonoscope ( oc ). due to large colonic deformations induced by the colonoscope , even very experienced colonoscopists find it difficult to pinpoint the exact location of the colonoscope tip in relation to polyps reported on ctc . this can cause unduly prolonged oc examinations that are stressf ←
→ decision support systems in fisheries and aquaculture : a systematic review ; decision support systems help decision makers make better decisions in the face of complex decision problems ( e . g . investment or policy decisions ). fisheries and aquaculture is a domain where decision makers face such decisions since they involve factors from many different scientific fields . no systematic overview of literature describing decision support systems and their application in fisheries and aquaculture has been conduc ←
→ empirical bernstein bounds and sample variance penalization ; we give improved constants for data dependent and variance sensitive confidence bounds , called empirical bernstein bounds , and extend these inequalities to hold uniformly over classes of functionswhose growth function is polynomial in the sample size n . the bounds lead us to consider sample variance penalization , a novel learning method which takes into account the empirical variance of the loss function . we give conditions under which sample var ←
→ semantically - informed syntactic machine translation : a tree - grafting approach ; we describe a unified and coherent syntactic framework for supporting a semantically - informed syntactic approach to statistical machine translation . semantically enriched syntactic tags assigned to the target - language training texts improved translation quality . the resulting system significantly outperformed a linguistically naive baseline model ( hiero ), and reached the highest scores yet reported on the nist 2009 urdu - englis ←
→ a better alternative to piecewise linear time series segmentation ; time series are difficult to monitor , summarize and predict . segmentation organizes time series into few intervals having uniform characteristics ( flatness , linearity , modality , monotonicity and so on ). for scalability , we require fast linear time algorithms . the popular piecewise linear model can determine where the data goes up or down and at what rate . unfortunately , when the data does not follow a linear model , the computation of the lo ←
→ visual words for automatic lip - reading ; lip reading is used to understand or interpret speech without hearing it , a technique especially mastered by people with hearing difficulties . the ability to lip read enables a person with a hearing impairment to communicate with others and to engage in social activities , which otherwise would be difficult . recent advances in the fields of computer vision , pattern recognition , and signal processing has led to a growing interest in automating this challenging task of ←
→ techniques for proving asynchronous convergence results for markov chain monte carlo methods ; markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) methods such as gibbs sampling are finding widespread use in applied statistics and machine learning . these often lead to difficult computational problems , which are increasingly being solved on parallel and distributed systems such as compute clusters . recent work has proposed running iterative algorithms such as gradient descent and mcmc in parallel asynchronously for increased ←
→ learning multi - frame visual representation for joint detection and tracking of small objects ; deep convolutional and recurrent neural networks have delivered significant advancements in object detection and tracking . however , current models handle detection and tracking through separate networks , and deep - learning - based joint detection and tracking has not yet been explored despite its potential benefits to both tasks . in this study , we present an integrated neural model called the recurrent correlationa ←
→ a new approach for arabic handwritten postal addresses recognition ; in this paper , we propose an automatic analysis system for the arabic handwriting postal addresses recognition , by using the beta elliptical model . our system is divided into different steps : analysis , pre - processing and classification . the first operation is the filtering of image . in the second , we remove the border print , stamps and graphics . after locating the address on the envelope , the address segmentation allows the extraction of p ←
→ amino acid interaction network prediction using multi - objective optimization ; protein can be represented by amino acid interaction network . this network is a graph whose vertices are the proteins amino acids and whose edges are the interactions between them . this interaction network is the first step of proteins three - dimensional structure prediction . in this paper we present a multi - objective evolutionary algorithm for interaction prediction and ant colony probabilistic optimization algorithm is used to ←
→ on distinguishability criteria for estimating generative models ; two recently introduced criteria for estimation of generative models are both based on a reduction to binary classification . noise - contrastive estimation ( nce ) is an estimation procedure in which a generative model is trained to be able to distinguish data samples from noise samples . generative adversarial networks ( gans ) are pairs of generator and discriminator networks , with the generator network learning to generate samples by attempting t ←
→ an empirical comparison of three inference methods ; in this paper , an empirical evaluation of three inference methods for uncertain reasoning is presented in the context of pathfinder , a large expert system for the diagnosis of lymph - node pathology . the inference procedures evaluated are ( 1 ) bayes ' theorem , assuming evidence is conditionally independent given each hypothesis ; ( 2 ) odds - likelihood updating , assuming evidence is conditionally independent given each hypothesis and given the negation of each hy ←
→ optimization hardness as transient chaos in an analog approach to constraint satisfaction ; boolean satisfiability [ 1 ] ( k - sat ) is one of the most studied optimization problems , as an efficient ( that is , polynomial - time ) solution to k - sat ( for $ k \ geq 3 $) implies efficient solutions to a large number of hard optimization problems [ 2 , 3 ]. here we propose a mapping of k - sat into a deterministic continuous - time dynamical system with a unique correspondence between its attractors and the k - sat solution clusters .←
→ notes on using determinantal point processes for clustering with applications to text clustering ; in this paper , we compare three initialization schemes for the kmeans clustering algorithm : 1 ) random initialization ( kmeansrand ), 2 ) kmeans ++, and 3 ) kmeansd ++. both kmeansrand and kmeans ++ have a major that the value of k needs to be set by the user of the algorithms . ( kang 2013 ) recently proposed a novel use of determinantal point processes for sampling the initial centroids for the kmeans algorithm ( we c ←
→ bounded regret for finite - armed structured bandits ; we study a new type of k - armed bandit problem where the expected return of one arm may depend on the returns of other arms . we present a new algorithm for this general class of problems and show that under certain circumstances it is possible to achieve finite expected cumulative regret . we also give problem - dependent lower bounds on the cumulative regret showing that at least in special cases the new algorithm is nearly optimal .←
→ fully automatic and real - time catheter segmentation in x - ray fluoroscopy ; augmenting x - ray imaging with 3d roadmap to improve guidance is a common strategy . such approaches benefit from automated analysis of the x - ray images , such as the automatic detection and tracking of instruments . in this paper , we propose a real - time method to segment the catheter and guidewire in 2d x - ray fluoroscopic sequences . the method is based on deep convolutional neural networks . the network takes as input the current image a ←
→ cross - lingual word segmentation and morpheme segmentation as sequence labelling ; this paper presents our segmentation system developed for the mlp 2017 shared tasks on cross - lingual word segmentation and morpheme segmentation . we model both word and morpheme segmentation as character - level sequence labelling tasks . the prevalent bidirectional recurrent neural network with conditional random fields as the output interface is adapted as the baseline system , which is further improved via ensemble decoding . ←
→ fast fourier single - pixel imaging using binary illumination ; fourier single - pixel imaging ( fsi ) has proven capable of reconstructing high - quality two - dimensional and three - dimensional images . the utilization of the sparsity of natural images in fourier domain allows high - resolution images to be reconstructed from far fewer measurements than effective image pixels . however , applying original fsi in digital micro - mirror device ( dmd ) based high - speed imaging system turns out to be challenging , because the ori ←
→ meta - learning for semi - supervised few - shot classification ; in few - shot classification , we are interested in learning algorithms that train a classifier from only a handful of labeled examples . recent progress in few - shot classification has featured meta - learning , in which a parameterized model for a learning algorithm is defined and trained on episodes representing different classification problems , each with a small labeled training set and its corresponding test set . in this work , we advance this few - sho ←
→ contextual dueling bandits ; we consider the problem of learning to choose actions using contextual information when provided with limited feedback in the form of relative pairwise comparisons . we study this problem in the dueling - bandits framework of yue et al . ( 2009 ), which we extend to incorporate context . roughly , the learner ' s goal is to find the best policy , or way of behaving , in some space of policies , although " best " is not always so clearly defined . here , we propose a new and natural solution conc ←
→ two - pixel polarimetric camera by compressive sensing ; we propose an original concept of compressive sensing ( cs ) polarimetric imaging based on a digital micro - mirror ( dmd ) array and two single - pixel detectors . the polarimetric sensitivity of the proposed setup is due to an experimental imperfection of reflecting mirrors which is exploited here to form an original reconstruction problem , including a cs problem and a source separation task . we show that a two - step approach tackling each problem successively ←
→ intelligent interface architectures for folksonomy driven structure network ; the folksonomy is the result of free personal information or assignment of tags to an object ( determined by the uri ) in order to find them . the practice of tagging is done in a collective environment . folksonomies are self constructed , based on co - occurrence of definitions , rather than a hierarchical structure of the data . the downside of this was that a few sites and applications are able to successfully exploit the sharing of ←
→ chaos : a parallelization scheme for training convolutional neural networks on intel xeon phi ; deep learning is an important component of big - data analytic tools and intelligent applications , such as , self - driving cars , computer vision , speech recognition , or precision medicine . however , the training process is computationally intensive , and often requires a large amount of time if performed sequentially . modern parallel computing systems provide the capability to reduce the required training time of deep ←
→ recurrent neural machine translation ; the vanilla attention - based neural machine translation has achieved promising performance because of its capability in leveraging varying - length source annotations . however , this model still suffers from failures in long sentence translation , for its incapability in capturing long - term dependencies . in this paper , we propose a novel recurrent neural machine translation ( rnmt ), which not only preserves the ability to model varying - length source annotations but also bett ←
→ answering subcognitive turing test questions : a reply to french ; robert french has argued that a disembodied computer is incapable of passing a turing test that includes subcognitive questions . subcognitive questions are designed to probe the network of cultural and perceptual associations that humans naturally develop as we live , embodied and embedded in the world . in this paper , i show how it is possible for a disembodied computer to answer subcognitive questions appropriately , contrary to french ' s claim ←
→ neural networks and continuous time ; the fields of neural computation and artificial neural networks have developed much in the last decades . most of the works in these fields focus on implementing and / or learning discrete functions or behavior . however , technical , physical , and also cognitive processes evolve continuously in time . this cannot be described directly with standard architectures of artificial neural networks such as multi - layer feed - forward perceptrons . therefore , in this paper , we will argue ←
→ improved spectral clustering via embedded label propagation ; spectral clustering is a key research topic in the field of machine learning and data mining . most of the existing spectral clustering algorithms are built upon gaussian laplacian matrices , which are sensitive to parameters . we propose a novel parameter free , distance consistent locally linear embedding . the proposed distance consistent lle promises that edges between closer data points have greater weight . furthermore , we propose a novel improved ←
→ towards understanding the generalization bias of two layer convolutional linear classifiers with gradient descent ; a major challenge in understanding the generalization of deep learning is to explain why ( stochastic ) gradient descent can exploit the network architecture to find solutions that have good generalization performance when using high capacity models . we find simple but realistic examples showing that this phenomenon exists even when learning linear classifiers --- between two linear networks w ←
→ error correction for dense semantic image labeling ; pixelwise semantic image labeling is an important , yet challenging , task with many applications . typical approaches to tackle this problem involve either the training of deep networks on vast amounts of images to directly infer the labels or the use of probabilistic graphical models to jointly model the dependencies of the input ( i . e . images ) and output ( i . e . labels ). yet , the former approaches do not capture the structure of the output labels , which is c ←
→ glasses : relieving the myopia of bayesian optimisation ; we present glasses : global optimisation with look - ahead through stochastic simulation and expected - loss search . the majority of global optimisation approaches in use are myopic , in only considering the impact of the next function value ; the non - myopic approaches that do exist are able to consider only a handful of future evaluations . our novel algorithm , glasses , permits the consideration of dozens of evaluations into the future . this is done by appro ←
→ iterative neural autoregressive distribution estimator ( nade - k ) ; training of the neural autoregressive density estimator ( nade ) can be viewed as doing one step of probabilistic inference on missing values in data . we propose a new model that extends this inference scheme to multiple steps , arguing that it is easier to learn to improve a reconstruction in $ k $ steps rather than to learn to reconstruct in a single inference step . the proposed model is an unsupervised building block for deep learning that comb ←
→ algorithms for the greater good ! on mental modeling and acceptable symbiosis in human - ai collaboration ; effective collaboration between humans and ai - based systems requires effective modeling of the human in the loop , both in terms of the mental state as well as the physical capabilities of the latter . however , these models can also open up pathways for manipulating and exploiting the human in the hopes of achieving some greater good , especially when the intent or values of the ai and the human are not a ←
→ fast subspace clustering based on the kronecker product ; subspace clustering is a useful technique for many computer vision applications in which the intrinsic dimension of high - dimensional data is often smaller than the ambient dimension . spectral clustering , as one of the main approaches to subspace clustering , often takes on a sparse representation or a low - rank representation to learn a block diagonal self - representation matrix for subspace generation . however , existing methods require solving a large ←
→ imposing hard constraints on deep networks : promises and limitations ; imposing constraints on the output of a deep neural net is one way to improve the quality of its predictions while loosening the requirements for labeled training data . such constraints are usually imposed as soft constraints by adding new terms to the loss function that is minimized during training . an alternative is to impose them as hard constraints , which has a number of theoretical benefits but has not been explored so far due to th ←
→ unsupervised learning of regression mixture models with unknown number of components ; regression mixture models are widely studied in statistics , machine learning and data analysis . fitting regression mixtures is challenging and is usually performed by maximum likelihood by using the expectation - maximization ( em ) algorithm . however , it is well - known that the initialization is crucial for em . if the initialization is inappropriately performed , the em algorithm may lead to unsatisfactory results . the em al ←
→ machine comprehension based on learning to rank ; machine comprehension plays an essential role in nlp and has been widely explored with dataset like mctest . however , this dataset is too simple and too small for learning true reasoning abilities . \ cite { hermann2015teaching } therefore release a large scale news article dataset and propose a deep lstm reader system for machine comprehension . however , the training process is expensive . we therefore try feature - engineered approach with semantics on the new datas ←
→ optimal rectangle packing : an absolute placement approach ; we consider the problem of finding all enclosing rectangles of minimum area that can contain a given set of rectangles without overlap . our rectangle packer chooses the x - coordinates of all the rectangles before any of the y - coordinates . we then transform the problem into a perfect - packing problem with no empty space by adding additional rectangles . to determine the y - coordinates , we branch on the different rectangles that can be placed in each emp ←
→ relationship between variants of one - class nearest neighbours and creating their accurate ensembles ; in one - class classification problems , only the data for the target class is available , whereas the data for the non - target class may be completely absent . in this paper , we study one - class nearest neighbour ( ocnn ) classifiers and their different variants . we present a theoretical analysis to show the relationships among different variants of ocnn that may use different neighbours or thresholds to identify ←
→ fair forests : regularized tree induction to minimize model bias ; the potential lack of fairness in the outputs of machine learning algorithms has recently gained attention both within the research community as well as in society more broadly . surprisingly , there is no prior work developing tree - induction algorithms for building fair decision trees or fair random forests . these methods have widespread popularity as they are one of the few to be simultaneously interpretable , non - linear , and easy - to - use . in t ←
→ look wider to match image patches with convolutional neural networks ; when a human matches two images , the viewer has a natural tendency to view the wide area around the target pixel to obtain clues of right correspondence . however , designing a matching cost function that works on a large window in the same way is difficult . the cost function is typically not intelligent enough to discard the information irrelevant to the target pixel , resulting in undesirable artifacts . in this paper , we propose a novel l ←
→ fast hough transform and approximation properties of dyadic patterns ; hough transform is a popular low - level computer vision algorithm . its computationally effective modification , fast hough transform ( fht ), makes use of special subsets of image matrix to approximate geometric lines on it . because of their special structure , these subset are called dyadic patterns . in this paper various properties of dyadic patterns are investigated . exact upper bounds on approximation error are derived . in a simplest ca ←
→ efficient bayesian nonparametric modelling of structured point processes ; this paper presents a bayesian generative model for dependent cox point processes , alongside an efficient inference scheme which scales as if the point processes were modelled independently . we can handle missing data naturally , infer latent structure , and cope with large numbers of observed processes . a further novel contribution enables the model to work effectively in higher dimensional spaces . using this method , we achieve vastly ←
→ practical kernel - based reinforcement learning ; kernel - based reinforcement learning ( kbrl ) stands out among reinforcement learning algorithms for its strong theoretical guarantees . by casting the learning problem as a local kernel approximation , kbrl provides a way of computing a decision policy which is statistically consistent and converges to a unique solution . unfortunately , the model constructed by kbrl grows with the number of sample transitions , resulting in a computational cost that precludes its ap ←
→ human activity recognition from mobile inertial sensors using recurrence plots ; inertial sensors are present in most mobile devices nowadays and such devices are used by people during most of their daily activities . in this paper , we present an approach for human activity recognition based on inertial sensors by employing recurrence plots ( rp ) and visual descriptors . the pipeline of the proposed approach is the following : compute rps from sensor data , compute visual features from rps and use them in a ma ←
→ inducing interpretable representations with variational autoencoders ; we develop a framework for incorporating structured graphical models in the \ emph { encoders } of variational autoencoders ( vaes ) that allows us to induce interpretable representations through approximate variational inference . this allows us to both perform reasoning ( e . g . classification ) under the structural constraints of a given graphical model , and use deep generative models to deal with messy , high - dimensional domains where it is ofte ←
→ asaga : asynchronous parallel saga ; we describe asaga , an asynchronous parallel version of the incremental gradient algorithm saga that enjoys fast linear convergence rates . through a novel perspective , we revisit and clarify a subtle but important technical issue present in a large fraction of the recent convergence rate proofs for asynchronous parallel optimization algorithms , and propose a simplification of the recently introduced " perturbed iterate " framework that resolves it . we thereby prove that asag ←
→ comparative study of image edge detection algorithms ; since edge detection is in the forefront of image processing for object detection , it is crucial to have a good understanding of edge detection algorithms . the reason for this is that edges form the outline of an object . an edge is the boundary between an object and the background , and indicates the boundary between overlapping objects . this means that if the edges in an image can be identified accurately , all of the objects can be located and basic pro ←
→ learning with a strong adversary ; the robustness of neural networks to intended perturbations has recently attracted significant attention . in this paper , we propose a new method , \ emph { learning with a strong adversary }, that learns robust classifiers from supervised data . the proposed method takes finding adversarial examples as an intermediate step . a new and simple way of finding adversarial examples is presented and experimentally shown to be efficient . experimental results demonstrate that resulting l ←
→ auctions with severely bounded communication ; we study auctions with severe bounds on the communication allowed : each bidder may only transmit t bits of information to the auctioneer . we consider both welfare - and profit - maximizing auctions under this communication restriction . for both measures , we determine the optimal auction and show that the loss incurred relative to unconstrained auctions is mild . we prove non - surprising properties of these kinds of auctions , e . g ., that in optimal mechanisms bidders ←
→ regional multi - armed bandits ; we consider a variant of the classic multi - armed bandit problem where the expected reward of each arm is a function of an unknown parameter . the arms are divided into different groups , each of which has a common parameter . therefore , when the player selects an arm at each time slot , information of other arms in the same group is also revealed . this regional bandit model naturally bridges the non - informative bandit setting where the player can only learn the chosen arm , and the ←
→ feature unification in tag derivation trees ; the derivation trees of a tree adjoining grammar provide a first insight into the sentence semantics , and are thus prime targets for generation systems . we define a formalism , feature - based regular tree grammars , and a translation from feature based tree adjoining grammars into this new formalism . the translation preserves the derivation structures of the original grammar , and accounts for feature unification .←
→ hidden markov models with mixtures as emission distributions ; in unsupervised classification , hidden markov models ( hmm ) are used to account for a neighborhood structure between observations . the emission distributions are often supposed to belong to some parametric family . in this paper , a semiparametric modeling where the emission distributions are a mixture of parametric distributions is proposed to get a higher flexibility . we show that the classical em algorithm can be adapted to infer the model param ←
→ optimal dictionary for least squares representation ; dictionaries are collections of vectors used for representations of random vectors in euclidean spaces . recent research on optimal dictionaries is focused on constructing dictionaries that offer sparse representations , i . e ., $\ ell_0 $- optimal representations . here we consider the problem of finding optimal dictionaries with which representations of samples of a random vector are optimal in an $\ ell_2 $- sense : optimality of representation is defined as atta ←
→ soft constraints for quality aspects in service oriented architectures ; we propose the use of soft constraints as a natural way to model service oriented architecture . in the framework , constraints are used to model components and connectors and constraint aggregation is used to represent their interactions . the " quality of a service " is measured and considered when performing queries to service providers . some examples consist in the levels of cost , performance and availability required by clients . in our ←
→ investigating the feature collection for semantic segmentation via single skip connection ; since the study of deep convolutional neural network became prevalent , one of the important discoveries is that a feature map from a convolutional network can be extracted before going into the fully connected layer and can be used as a saliency map for object detection . furthermore , the model can use features from each different layer for accurate object detection : the features from different layers can have diffe ←
→ reasoning with uncertain knowledge ; a model of knowledge representation is described in which propositional facts and the relationships among them can be supported by other facts . the set of knowledge which can be supported is called the set of cognitive units , each having associated descriptions of their explicit and implicit support structures , summarizing belief and reliability of belief . this summary is precise enough to be useful in a computational model while remaining descriptive of the underlying s ←
→ proposal flow : semantic correspondences from object proposals ; finding image correspondences remains a challenging problem in the presence of intra - class variations and large changes in scene layout . semantic flow methods are designed to handle images depicting different instances of the same object or scene category . we introduce a novel approach to semantic flow , dubbed proposal flow , that establishes reliable correspondences using object proposals . unlike prevailing semantic flow approaches that operate ←
→ fast and accurate poisson denoising with optimized nonlinear diffusion ; the degradation of the acquired signal by poisson noise is a common problem for various imaging applications , such as medical imaging , night vision and microscopy . up to now , many state - of - the - art poisson denoising techniques mainly concentrate on achieving utmost performance , with little consideration for the computation efficiency . therefore , in this study we aim to propose an efficient poisson denoising model with both high computat ←
→ inferring gender of a twitter user using celebrities it follows ; this paper addresses the task of user gender classification in social media , with an application to twitter . the approach automatically predicts gender by leveraging observable information such as the tweet behavior , linguistic content of the user ' s twitter feed and the celebrities followed by the user . this paper first evaluates linguistic content based features using liwc dictionary and popular neighborhood features using wikipedia and free ←
→ relay backpropagation for effective learning of deep convolutional neural networks ; learning deeper convolutional neural networks becomes a tendency in recent years . however , many empirical evidences suggest that performance improvement cannot be gained by simply stacking more layers . in this paper , we consider the issue from an information theoretical perspective , and propose a novel method relay backpropagation , that encourages the propagation of effective information through the network in training st ←
→ frequency analysis of temporal graph signals ; this letter extends the concept of graph - frequency to graph signals that evolve with time . our goal is to generalize and , in fact , unify the familiar concepts from time - and graph - frequency analysis . to this end , we study a joint temporal and graph fourier transform ( jft ) and demonstrate its attractive properties . we build on our results to create filters which act on the joint ( temporal and graph ) frequency domain , and show how these can be used to perform int ←
→ probabilistic inference and probabilistic reasoning ; uncertainty enters into human reasoning and inference in at least two ways . it is reasonable to suppose that there will be roles for these distinct uses of uncertainty also in automated reasoning .←
→ semantic vector machines ; we first present our work in machine translation , during which we used aligned sentences to train a neural network to embed n - grams of different languages into an $ d $- dimensional space , such that n - grams that are the translation of each other are close with respect to some metric . good n - grams to n - grams translation results were achieved , but full sentences translation is still problematic . we realized that learning semantics of sentences and documents was the key for solving a lo ←
→ contextual explanation networks ; we introduce contextual explanation networks ( cens )--- a class of models that learn to predict by generating and leveraging intermediate explanations . cens are deep networks that generate parameters for context - specific probabilistic graphical models which are further used for prediction and play the role of explanations . contrary to the existing post - hoc model - explanation tools , cens learn to predict and to explain jointly . our approach offers two major advantages : ( i ) for ←
→ a semantic analyzer for the comprehension of the spontaneous arabic speech ; this work is part of a large research project entitled " or \' eodule " aimed at developing tools for automatic speech recognition , translation , and synthesis for arabic language . our attention has mainly been focused on an attempt to improve the probabilistic model on which our semantic decoder is based . to achieve this goal , we have decided to test the influence of the pertinent context use , and of the contextual data integration o ←
→ detecting the moment of completion : temporal models for localising action completion ; action completion detection is the problem of modelling the action ' s progression towards localising the moment of completion - when the action ' s goal is confidently considered achieved . in this work , we assess the ability of two temporal models , namely hidden markov models ( hmm ) and long - short term memory ( lstm ), to localise completion for six object interactions : switch , plug , open , pull , pick and drink . we use a super ←
→ bayesian inference for gaussian mixed graph models ; we introduce priors and algorithms to perform bayesian inference in gaussian models defined by acyclic directed mixed graphs . such a class of graphs , composed of directed and bi - directed edges , is a representation of conditional independencies that is closed under marginalization and arises naturally from causal models which allow for unmeasured confounding . monte carlo methods and a variational approximation for such models are presented . our algorithms ←
→ adaptive object detection using adjacency and zoom prediction ; state - of - the - art object detection systems rely on an accurate set of region proposals . several recent methods use a neural network architecture to hypothesize promising object locations . while these approaches are computationally efficient , they rely on fixed image regions as anchors for predictions . in this paper we propose to use a search strategy that adaptively directs computational resources to sub - regions likely to contain objects . compar ←
→ constructing multi - modality and multi - classifier radiomics predictive models through reliable classifier fusion ; radiomics aims to extract and analyze large numbers of quantitative features from medical images and is highly promising in staging , diagnosing , and predicting outcomes of cancer treatments . nevertheless , several challenges need to be addressed to construct an optimal radiomics predictive model . first , the predictive performance of the model may be reduced when features extracted from an indiv ←
→ thickness mapping of eleven retinal layers in normal eyes using spectral domain optical coherence tomography ; purpose . this study was conducted to determine the thickness map of eleven retinal layers in normal subjects by spectral domain optical coherence tomography ( sd - oct ) and evaluate their association with sex and age . methods . mean regional retinal thickness of 11 retinal layers were obtained by automatic three - dimensional diffusion - map - based method in 112 normal eyes of 76 iranian subjects . results ←
→ neural enquirer : learning to query tables with natural language ; we proposed neural enquirer as a neural network architecture to execute a natural language ( nl ) query on a knowledge - base ( kb ) for answers . basically , neural enquirer finds the distributed representation of a query and then executes it on knowledge - base tables to obtain the answer as one of the values in the tables . unlike similar efforts in end - to - end training of semantic parsers , neural enquirer is fully " neuralized ": it not only gives dist ←
→ peyma : a tagged corpus for persian named entities ; the goal in the ner task is to classify proper nouns of a text into classes such as person , location , and organization . this is an important preprocessing step in many nlp tasks such as question - answering and summarization . although many research studies have been conducted in this area in english and the state - of - the - art ner systems have reached performances of higher than 90 percent in terms of f1 measure , there are very few research studies for this tas ←
→ face aging with conditional generative adversarial networks ; it has been recently shown that generative adversarial networks ( gans ) can produce synthetic images of exceptional visual fidelity . in this work , we propose the gan - based method for automatic face aging . contrary to previous works employing gans for altering of facial attributes , we make a particular emphasize on preserving the original person ' s identity in the aged version of his / her face . to this end , we introduce a novel approach for " identity ←
→ memory and information processing in neuromorphic systems ; a striking difference between brain - inspired neuromorphic processors and current von neumann processors architectures is the way in which memory and processing is organized . as information and communication technologies continue to address the need for increased computational power through the increase of cores within a digital processor , neuromorphic engineers and scientists can complement this need by building processor architectures where memory ←
→ bootstrapped synthetic likelihood ; approximate bayesian computation ( abc ) and synthetic likelihood ( sl ) techniques have enabled the use of bayesian inference for models that may be simulated , but for which the likelihood cannot be evaluated pointwise at values of an unknown parameter $\ theta $. the main idea in abc and sl is to , for different values of $\ theta $ ( usually chosen using a monte carlo algorithm ), build estimates of the likelihood based on simulations from the model conditional on $\ theta $. the q ←
→ petuum : a new platform for distributed machine learning on big data ; what is a systematic way to efficiently apply a wide spectrum of advanced ml programs to industrial scale problems , using big models ( up to 100s of billions of parameters ) on big data ( up to terabytes or petabytes )? modern parallelization strategies employ fine - grained operations and scheduling beyond the classic bulk - synchronous processing paradigm popularized by mapreduce , or even specialized graph - based execution that relies on graph r ←
→ the development of darwin ' s origin of species ; from 1837 , when he returned to england aboard the $\ textit { hms beagle }$, to 1860 , just after publication of $\ textit { the origin of species }$, charles darwin kept detailed notes of each book he read or wanted to read . his notes and manuscripts provide information about decades of individual scientific practice . previously , we trained topic models on the full texts of each reading , and applied information - theoretic measures to detect that changes in his reading ←
→ an optimal dimensionality multi - shell sampling scheme with accurate and efficient transforms for diffusion mri ; this paper proposes a multi - shell sampling scheme and corresponding transforms for the accurate reconstruction of the diffusion signal in diffusion mri by expansion in the spherical polar fourier ( spf ) basis . the sampling scheme uses an optimal number of samples , equal to the degrees of freedom of the band - limited diffusion signal in the spf domain , and allows for computationally efficient reco ←
→ modeling discrete interventional data using directed cyclic graphical models ; we outline a representation for discrete multivariate distributions in terms of interventional potential functions that are globally normalized . this representation can be used to model the effects of interventions , and the independence properties encoded in this model can be represented as a directed graph that allows cycles . in addition to discussing inference and sampling with this representation , we give an exponential fami ←
→ video summarization with attention - based encoder - decoder networks ; this paper addresses the problem of supervised video summarization by formulating it as a sequence - to - sequence learning problem , where the input is a sequence of original video frames , the output is a keyshot sequence . our key idea is to learn a deep summarization network with attention mechanism to mimic the way of selecting the keyshots of human . to this end , we propose a novel video summarization framework named attentive encoder - decoder ←
→ the first parallel multilingual corpus of persian : toward a persian blark ; in this article , we have introduced the first parallel corpus of persian with more than 10 other european languages . this article describes primary steps toward preparing a basic language resources kit ( blark ) for persian . up to now , we have proposed morphosyntactic specification of persian based on eagle / multext guidelines and specific resources of multext - east . the article introduces persian language , with emphasis on its orthog ←
→ domain knowledge uncertainty and probabilistic parameter constraints ; incorporating domain knowledge into the modeling process is an effective way to improve learning accuracy . however , as it is provided by humans , domain knowledge can only be specified with some degree of uncertainty . we propose to explicitly model such uncertainty through probabilistic constraints over the parameter space . in contrast to hard parameter constraints , our approach is effective also when the domain knowledge is inaccurate an ←
→ teaching machines to describe images via natural language feedback ; robots will eventually be part of every household . it is thus critical to enable algorithms to learn from and be guided by non - expert users . in this paper , we bring a human in the loop , and enable a human teacher to give feedback to a learning agent in the form of natural language . we argue that a descriptive sentence can provide a much stronger learning signal than a numeric reward in that it can easily point to where the mistakes are and ←
→ learning about individuals from group statistics ; we propose a new problem formulation which is similar to , but more informative than , the binary multiple - instance learning problem . in this setting , we are given groups of instances ( described by feature vectors ) along with estimates of the fraction of positively - labeled instances per group . the task is to learn an instance level classifier from this information . that is , we are trying to estimate the unknown binary labels of individuals from knowledge of g ←
→ semi - structured data extraction and modelling : the wia project ; over the last decades , the amount of data of all kinds available electronically has increased dramatically . data are accessible through a range of interfaces including web browsers , database query languages , application - specific interfaces , built on top of a number of different data exchange formats . all these data span from un - structured to highly structured data . very often , some of them have structure even if the structure is implicit , and ←
→ flower pollination algorithm for global optimization ; flower pollination is an intriguing process in the natural world . its evolutionary characteristics can be used to design new optimization algorithms . in this paper , we propose a new algorithm , namely , flower pollination algorithm , inspired by the pollination process of flowers . we first use ten test functions to validate the new algorithm , and compare its performance with genetic algorithms and particle swarm optimization . our simulation results show th ←
→ path - sgd : path - normalized optimization in deep neural networks ; we revisit the choice of sgd for training deep neural networks by reconsidering the appropriate geometry in which to optimize the weights . we argue for a geometry invariant to rescaling of weights that does not affect the output of the network , and suggest path - sgd , which is an approximate steepest descent method with respect to a path - wise regularizer related to max - norm regularization . path - sgd is easy and efficient to implement and leads to ←
→ deep generative adversarial networks for compressed sensing automates mri ; magnetic resonance image ( mri ) reconstruction is a severely ill - posed linear inverse task demanding time and resource intensive computations that can substantially trade off {\ it accuracy } for {\ it speed } in real - time imaging . in addition , state - of - the - art compressed sensing ( cs ) analytics are not cognizant of the image {\ it diagnostic quality }. to cope with these challenges we put forth a novel cs framework that permeates benefit ←
→ meaningful matches in stereovision ; this paper introduces a statistical method to decide whether two blocks in a pair of of images match reliably . the method ensures that the selected block matches are unlikely to have occurred " just by chance ." the new approach is based on the definition of a simple but faithful statistical " background model " for image blocks learned from the image itself . a theorem guarantees that under this model not more than a fixed number of wrong matches occurs ( on average ) for the ←
→ ks_ju @ dpil - fire2016 : detecting paraphrases in indian languages using multinomial logistic regression model ; in this work , we describe a system that detects paraphrases in indian languages as part of our participation in the shared task on detecting paraphrases in indian languages ( dpil ) organized by forum for information retrieval evaluation ( fire ) in 2016 . our paraphrase detection method uses a multinomial logistic regression model trained with a variety of features which are basically lexical and semant ←
→ joint pose and principal curvature refinement using quadrics ; in this paper we present a novel joint approach for optimising surface curvature and pose alignment . we present two implementations of this joint optimisation strategy , including a fast implementation that uses two frames and an offline multi - frame approach . we demonstrate an order of magnitude improvement in simulation over state of the art dense relative point - to - plane iterative closest point ( icp ) pose alignment using our dense joint frame - to ←
→ transfer learning using feature selection ; we present three related ways of using transfer learning to improve feature selection . the three methods address different problems , and hence share different kinds of information between tasks or feature classes , but all three are based on the information theoretic minimum description length ( mdl ) principle and share the same underlying bayesian interpretation . the first method , mic , applies when predictive models are to be built simultaneously for multiple tasks ←
→ recent advances in efficient computation of deep convolutional neural networks ; deep neural networks have evolved remarkably over the past few years and they are currently the fundamental tools of many intelligent systems . at the same time , the computational complexity and resource consumption of these networks also continue to increase . this will pose a significant challenge to the deployment of such networks , especially in real - time applications or on resource - limited devices . thus , network acceleratio ←
→ asynchronous stochastic approximation with differential inclusions ; the asymptotic pseudo - trajectory approach to stochastic approximation of benaim , hofbauer and sorin is extended for asynchronous stochastic approximations with a set - valued mean field . the asynchronicity of the process is incorporated into the mean field to produce convergence results which remain similar to those of an equivalent synchronous process . in addition , this allows many of the restrictive assumptions previously associated with a ←
→ defense against universal adversarial perturbations ; recent advances in deep learning show the existence of image - agnostic quasi - imperceptible perturbations that when applied to ` any ' image can fool a state - of - the - art network classifier to change its prediction about the image label . these ` universal adversarial perturbations ' pose a serious threat to the success of deep learning in practice . we present the first dedicated framework to effectively defend the networks against such perturbations . our approac ←
→ integrating deep features for material recognition ; we propose a method for integration of features extracted using deep representations of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) each of which is learned using a different image dataset of objects and materials for material recognition . given a set of representations of multiple pre - trained cnns , we first compute activations of features using the representations on the images to select a set of samples which are best represented by the features . then , we meas ←
→ 3d semantic trajectory reconstruction from 3d pixel continuum ; this paper presents a method to reconstruct dense semantic trajectory stream of human interactions in 3d from synchronized multiple videos . the interactions inherently introduce self - occlusion and illumination / appearance / shape changes , resulting in highly fragmented trajectory reconstruction with noisy and coarse semantic labels . our conjecture is that among many views , there exists a set of views that can confidently recognize the visual seman ←
→ information recovery from pairwise measurements ; this paper is concerned with jointly recovering $ n $ node - variables $\ left \{ x_ { i }\ right \} _ { 1 \ leq i \ leq n }$ from a collection of pairwise difference measurements . imagine we acquire a few observations taking the form of $ x_ { i }- x_ { j }$; the observation pattern is represented by a measurement graph $\ mathcal { g }$ with an edge set $\ mathcal { e }$ such that $ x_ { i }- x_ { j }$ is observed if and only if $( i , j )\ in \ mathcal { e }$. to account for noisy measurements in a general ←
→ are all training examples equally valuable ? ; when learning a new concept , not all training examples may prove equally useful for training : some may have higher or lower training value than others . the goal of this paper is to bring to the attention of the vision community the following considerations : ( 1 ) some examples are better than others for training detectors or classifiers , and ( 2 ) in the presence of better examples , some examples may negatively impact performance and removing them may be beneficial .←
→ hierarchical reinforcement learning with the maxq value function decomposition ; this paper presents the maxq approach to hierarchical reinforcement learning based on decomposing the target markov decision process ( mdp ) into a hierarchy of smaller mdps and decomposing the value function of the target mdp into an additive combination of the value functions of the smaller mdps . the paper defines the maxq hierarchy , proves formal results on its representational power , and establishes five conditions for the ←
→ non - local euclidean medians ; in this letter , we note that the denoising performance of non - local means ( nlm ) at large noise levels can be improved by replacing the mean by the euclidean median . we call this new denoising algorithm the non - local euclidean medians ( nlem ). at the heart of nlem is the observation that the median is more robust to outliers than the mean . in particular , we provide a simple geometric insight that explains why nlem performs better than nlm in the vicinity of edges , particularly at ←
→ the clustering of author ' s texts of english fiction in the vector space of semantic fields ; the clustering of text documents in the vector space of semantic fields and in the semantic space with orthogonal basis has been analysed . it is shown that using the vector space model with the basis of semantic fields is effective in the cluster analysis algorithms of author ' s texts in english fiction . the analysis of the author ' s texts distribution in cluster structure showed the presence of the areas of semanti ←
→ sentrna : improving computational rna design by incorporating a prior of human design strategies ; designing rna sequences that fold into specific structures and perform desired biological functions is an emerging field in bioengineering with broad applications from intracellular chemical catalysis to cancer therapy via selective gene silencing . effective rna design requires first solving the inverse folding problem : given a target structure , propose a sequence that folds into that structure . although sign ←
→ on optimal generalizability in parametric learning ; we consider the parametric learning problem , where the objective of the learner is determined by a parametric loss function . employing empirical risk minimization with possibly regularization , the inferred parameter vector will be biased toward the training samples . such bias is measured by the cross validation procedure in practice where the data set is partitioned into a training set used for training and a validation set , which is not used in training ←
→ learning relus via gradient descent ; in this paper we study the problem of learning rectified linear units ( relus ) which are functions of the form $ max ( 0 ,< w , x >)$ with $ w $ denoting the weight vector . we study this problem in the high - dimensional regime where the number of observations are fewer than the dimension of the weight vector . we assume that the weight vector belongs to some closed set ( convex or nonconvex ) which captures known side - information about its structure . we focus on the realizable model w ←
→ kernel functions based on triplet comparisons ; given only information in the form of similarity triplets " object a is more similar to object b than to object c " about a data set , we propose two ways of defining a kernel function on the data set . while previous approaches construct a low - dimensional euclidean embedding of the data set that reflects the given similarity triplets , we aim at defining kernel functions that correspond to high - dimensional embeddings . these kernel functions can subsequently be use ←
→ gradient descent learns linear dynamical systems ; we prove that gradient descent efficiently converges to the global optimizer of the maximum likelihood objective of an unknown linear time - invariant dynamical system from a sequence of noisy observations generated by the system . even though the objective function is non - convex , we provide polynomial running time and sample complexity bounds under strong but natural assumptions . linear systems identification has been studied for many decades , yet , to the bes ←
→ linguistic features of genre and method variation in translation : a computational perspective ; in this paper we describe the use of text classification methods to investigate genre and method variation in an english - german translation corpus . for this purpose we use linguistically motivated features representing texts using a combination of part - of - speech tags arranged in bigrams , trigrams , and 4 - grams . the classification method used in this paper is a bayesian classifier with laplace smoothing . we use ←
→ optimal exponential bounds on the accuracy of classification ; we consider a standard binary classification problem . the performance of any binary classifier based on the training data is characterized by the excess risk . we study bahadur ' s type exponential bounds on the minimax accuracy confidence function based on the excess risk . we study how this quantity depends on the complexity of the class of distributions characterized by exponents of entropies of the class of regression functions or of the class o ←
→ deep unfolding : model - based inspiration of novel deep architectures ; model - based methods and deep neural networks have both been tremendously successful paradigms in machine learning . in model - based methods , problem domain knowledge can be built into the constraints of the model , typically at the expense of difficulties during inference . in contrast , deterministic deep neural networks are constructed in such a way that inference is straightforward , but their architectures are generic and it is unclear how ←
→ the power of localization for efficiently learning linear separators with noise ; we introduce a new approach for designing computationally efficient learning algorithms that are tolerant to noise , and demonstrate its effectiveness by designing algorithms with improved noise tolerance guarantees for learning linear separators . we consider both the malicious noise model and the adversarial label noise model . for malicious noise , where the adversary can corrupt both the label and the features , we provide ←
→ using nlp to build the hypertextuel network of a back - of - the - book index ; relying on the idea that back - of - the - book indexes are traditional devices for navigation through large documents , we have developed a method to build a hypertextual network that helps the navigation in a document . building such an hypertextual network requires selecting a list of descriptors , identifying the relevant text segments to associate with each descriptor and finally ranking the descriptors and reference segments by relevance ←
→ supervised complementary entity recognition with augmented key - value pairs of knowledge ; extracting opinion targets is an important task in sentiment analysis on product reviews and complementary entities ( products ) are one important type of opinion targets that may work together with the reviewed product . in this paper , we address the problem of complementary entity recognition ( cer ) as a supervised sequence labeling with the capability of expanding domain knowledge as key - value pairs from unlabeled rev ←
→ visualizing the loss landscape of neural nets ; neural network training relies on our ability to find " good " minimizers of highly non - convex loss functions . it is well known that certain network architecture designs ( e . g ., skip connections ) produce loss functions that train easier , and well - chosen training parameters ( batch size , learning rate , optimizer ) produce minimizers that generalize better . however , the reasons for these differences , and their effect on the underlying loss landscape , is not well unde ←
→ beyond the zipf - mandelbrot law in quantitative linguistics ; in this paper the zipf - mandelbrot law is revisited in the context of linguistics . despite its widespread popularity the zipf -- mandelbrot law can only describe the statistical behaviour of a rather restricted fraction of the total number of words contained in some given corpus . in particular , we focus our attention on the important deviations that become statistically relevant as larger corpora are considered and that ultimately could be understood ←
→ feature selection facilitates learning mixtures of discrete product distributions ; feature selection can facilitate the learning of mixtures of discrete random variables as they arise , e . g . in crowdsourcing tasks . intuitively , not all workers are equally reliable but , if the less reliable ones could be eliminated , then learning should be more robust . by analogy with gaussian mixture models , we seek a low - order statistical approach , and here introduce an algorithm based on the ( pairwise ) mutual informatio ←
→ sparse linear regression with missing data ; this paper proposes a fast and accurate method for sparse regression in the presence of missing data . the underlying statistical model encapsulates the low - dimensional structure of the incomplete data matrix and the sparsity of the regression coefficients , and the proposed algorithm jointly learns the low - dimensional structure of the data and a linear regressor with sparse coefficients . the proposed stochastic optimization method , sparse linear regression with mi ←
→ analysis of spectrum occupancy using machine learning algorithms ; in this paper , we analyze the spectrum occupancy using different machine learning techniques . both supervised techniques ( naive bayesian classifier ( nbc ), decision trees ( dt ), support vector machine ( svm ), linear regression ( lr )) and unsupervised algorithm ( hidden markov model ( hmm )) are studied to find the best technique with the highest classification accuracy ( ca ). a detailed comparison of the supervised and unsupervised algorithms in ter ←
→ kblrn : end - to - end learning of knowledge base representations with latent , relational , and numerical features ; we present kblrn , a framework for end - to - end learning of knowledge base representations from latent , relational , and numerical features . kblrn integrates feature types with a novel combination of neural representation learning and probabilistic product of experts models . to the best of our knowledge , kblrn is the first approach that learns representations of knowledge bases by integrating latent ←
→ adversarial classification : an adversarial risk analysis approach ; classification problems in security settings are usually contemplated as confrontations in which one or more adversaries try to fool a classifier to obtain a benefit . most approaches to such adversarial classification problems have focused on game theoretical ideas with strong underlying common knowledge assumptions , which are actually not realistic in security domains . we provide an alternative framework to such problem based on adversaria ←
→ on the use of non - stationary policies for stationary infinite - horizon markov decision processes ; we consider infinite - horizon stationary $\ gamma $- discounted markov decision processes , for which it is known that there exists a stationary optimal policy . using value and policy iteration with some error $\ epsilon $ at each iteration , it is well - known that one can compute stationary policies that are $\ frac { 2 \ gamma }{( 1 -\ gamma )^ 2 }\ epsilon $- optimal . after arguing that this guarantee is tight , we develop variati ←
→ selective experience replay for lifelong learning ; deep reinforcement learning has emerged as a powerful tool for a variety of learning tasks , however deep nets typically exhibit forgetting when learning multiple tasks in sequence . to mitigate forgetting , we propose an experience replay process that augments the standard fifo buffer and selectively stores experiences in a long - term memory . we explore four strategies for selecting which experiences will be stored : favoring surprise , favoring reward , matchin ←
→ using bayesian network representations for effective sampling from generative network models ; bayesian networks ( bns ) are used for inference and sampling by exploiting conditional independence among random variables . context specific independence ( csi ) is a property of graphical models where additional independence relations arise in the context of particular values of random variables ( rvs ). identifying and exploiting csi properties can simplify inference . some generative network models ( models that gen ←
→ threat analysis of iot networks using artificial neural network intrusion detection system ; the internet of things ( iot ) is still in its infancy and has attracted much interest in many industrial sectors including medical fields , logistics tracking , smart cities and automobiles . however as a paradigm , it is susceptible to a range of significant intrusion threats . this paper presents a threat analysis of the iot and uses an artificial neural network ( ann ) to combat these threats . a multi - level perceptron ,←
→ strong baselines for simple question answering over knowledge graphs with and without neural networks ; we examine the problem of question answering over knowledge graphs , focusing on simple questions that can be answered by the lookup of a single fact . adopting a straightforward decomposition of the problem into entity detection , entity linking , relation prediction , and evidence combination , we explore simple yet strong baselines . on the simplequestions dataset , we find that baseline lstms and grus plus ←
→ artificial neural network for performance modeling and optimization of cmos analog circuits ; this paper presents an implementation of multilayer feed forward neural networks ( nn ) to optimize cmos analog circuits . for modeling and design recently neural network computational modules have got acceptance as an unorthodox and useful tool . to achieve high performance of active or passive circuit component neural network can be trained accordingly . a well trained neural network can produce more accurate outcom ←
→ gethr - net : a generalized temporally hybrid recurrent neural network for multimodal information fusion ; data generated from real world events are usually temporal and contain multimodal information such as audio , visual , depth , sensor etc . which are required to be intelligently combined for classification tasks . in this paper , we propose a novel generalized deep neural network architecture where temporal streams from multiple modalities are combined . there are total m + 1 ( m is the number of modalities ) com ←
→ structure - based local search heuristics for circuit - level boolean satisfiability ; this work focuses on improving state - of - the - art in stochastic local search ( sls ) for solving boolean satisfiability ( sat ) instances arising from real - world industrial sat application domains . the recently introduced sls method crsat has been shown to noticeably improve on previously suggested sls techniques in solving such real - world instances by combining justification - based local search with limited boolean constraint pro ←
→ a subband - based svm front - end for robust asr ; this work proposes a novel support vector machine ( svm ) based robust automatic speech recognition ( asr ) front - end that operates on an ensemble of the subband components of high - dimensional acoustic waveforms . the key issues of selecting the appropriate svm kernels for classification in frequency subbands and the combination of individual subband classifiers using ensemble methods are addressed . the proposed front - end is compared with state - of - the - art asr front -←
→ analysis , interpretation , and recognition of facial action units and expressions using neuro - fuzzy modeling ; in this paper an accurate real - time sequence - based system for representation , recognition , interpretation , and analysis of the facial action units ( aus ) and expressions is presented . our system has the following characteristics : 1 ) employing adaptive - network - based fuzzy inference systems ( anfis ) and temporal information , we developed a classification scheme based on neuro - fuzzy modeling of the au ←
→ multilinear subspace clustering ; in this paper we present a new model and an algorithm for unsupervised clustering of 2 - d data such as images . we assume that the data comes from a union of multilinear subspaces ( uoms ) model , which is a specific structured case of the much studied union of subspaces ( uos ) model . for segmentation under this model , we develop multilinear subspace clustering ( msc ) algorithm and evaluate its performance on the yaleb and olivietti image data sets . we show that msc is highly comp ←
→ learning to recognize pedestrian attribute ; learning to recognize pedestrian attributes at far distance is a challenging problem in visual surveillance since face and body close - shots are hardly available ; instead , only far - view image frames of pedestrian are given . in this study , we present an alternative approach that exploits the context of neighboring pedestrian images for improved attribute inference compared to the conventional svm - based method . in addition , we conduct extensive experiments to evalua ←
→ exploring high - level perspectives on self - configuration capabilities of systems ; optimization of product performance repetitively introduces the need to make products adaptive in a more general sense . this more general idea is often captured under the term ' self - configuration '. despite the importance of such capability , research work on this feature appears isolated by technical domains . it is not easy to tell quickly whether the approaches chosen in different technological domains introduce new ideas or ←
→ inverse classification for comparison - based interpretability in machine learning ; in the context of post - hoc interpretability , this paper addresses the task of explaining the prediction of a classifier , considering the case where no information is available , neither on the classifier itself , nor on the processed data ( neither the training nor the test data ). it proposes an instance - based approach whose principle consists in determining the minimal changes needed to alter a prediction : given a data point ←
→ learning hidden markov models from pairwise co - occurrences with applications to topic modeling ; we present a new algorithm for identifying the transition and emission probabilities of a hidden markov model ( hmm ) from the emitted data . expectation - maximization becomes computationally prohibitive for long observation records , which are often required for identification . the new algorithm is particularly suitable for cases where the available sample size is large enough to accurately estimate second - order o ←
→ language models of spoken dutch ; in flanders , all tv shows are subtitled . however , the process of subtitling is a very time - consuming one and can be sped up by providing the output of a speech recognizer run on the audio of the tv show , prior to the subtitling . naturally , this speech recognition will perform much better if the employed language model is adapted to the register and the topic of the program . we present several language models trained on subtitles of television shows provided by the flemish p ←
→ the geometry of learning ; we establish a correspondence between classical conditioning processes and fractals . the association strength at a given training trial corresponds to a point in a disconnected set at a given iteration level . in this way , one can represent a training process as a hopping on a fractal set , instead of the traditional learning curve as a function of the trial . the main advantage of this novel perspective is to provide an elegant classification of associative theories in terms of the ←
→ quadripolar relational model : a framework for the description of borderline and narcissistic personality disorders ; borderline personality disorder and narcissistic personality disorder are important nosographic entities and have been subject of intensive investigations . the currently prevailing psychodynamic theory for mental disorders is based on the repertoire of defense mechanisms employed . another line of research is concerned with the study of psychological traumas and dissociation as a defensive r ←
→ visual saliency detection based on multiscale deep cnn features ; visual saliency is a fundamental problem in both cognitive and computational sciences , including computer vision . in this paper , we discover that a high - quality visual saliency model can be learned from multiscale features extracted using deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), which have had many successes in visual recognition tasks . for learning such saliency models , we introduce a neural network architecture , which has fully connected ←
→ power - law graph cuts ; algorithms based on spectral graph cut objectives such as normalized cuts , ratio cuts and ratio association have become popular in recent years because they are widely applicable and simple to implement via standard eigenvector computations . despite strong performance for a number of clustering tasks , spectral graph cut algorithms still suffer from several limitations : first , they require the number of clusters to be known in advance , but this information is often unknown a priori ; se ←
→ theoretic analysis and extremely easy algorithms for domain adaptive feature learning ; domain adaptation problems arise in a variety of applications , where a training dataset from the \ textit { source } domain and a test dataset from the \ textit { target } domain typically follow different distributions . the primary difficulty in designing effective learning models to solve such problems lies in how to bridge the gap between the source and target distributions . in this paper , we provide comprehensive analysis ←
→ conceptual modelling and the quality of ontologies : endurantism vs . perdurantism ; ontologies are key enablers for sharing precise and machine - understandable semantics among different applications and parties . yet , for ontologies to meet these expectations , their quality must be of a good standard . the quality of an ontology is strongly based on the design method employed . this paper addresses the design problems related to the modelling of ontologies , with specific concentration on the issues related to ←
→ articulated pose estimation by a graphical model with image dependent pairwise relations ; we present a method for estimating articulated human pose from a single static image based on a graphical model with novel pairwise relations that make adaptive use of local image measurements . more precisely , we specify a graphical model for human pose which exploits the fact the local image measurements can be used both to detect parts ( or joints ) and also to predict the spatial relationships between them ( image d ←
→ enriching complex networks with word embeddings for detecting mild cognitive impairment from speech transcripts ; mild cognitive impairment ( mci ) is a mental disorder difficult to diagnose . linguistic features , mainly from parsers , have been used to detect mci , but this is not suitable for large - scale assessments . mci disfluencies produce non - grammatical speech that requires manual or high precision automatic correction of transcripts . in this paper , we modeled transcripts into complex networks and enrich ←
→ revealing fundamental physics from the daya bay neutrino experiment using deep neural networks ; experiments in particle physics produce enormous quantities of data that must be analyzed and interpreted by teams of physicists . this analysis is often exploratory , where scientists are unable to enumerate the possible types of signal prior to performing the experiment . thus , tools for summarizing , clustering , visualizing and classifying high - dimensional data are essential . in this work , we show that meaningf ←
→ towards cognitive - and - immersive systems : experiments in a shared ( or common ) blockworld framework ; as computational power has continued to increase , and sensors have become more accurate , the corresponding advent of systems that are cognitive - and - immersive ( cai ) has come to pass . cai systems fall squarely into the intersection of ai with hci / hri : such systems interact with and assist the human agents that enter them , in no small part because such systems are infused with ai able to understand and reason ←
→ general loss bounds for universal sequence prediction ; the bayesian framework is ideally suited for induction problems . the probability of observing $ x_t $ at time $ t $, given past observations $ x_1 ... x_ { t - 1 }$ can be computed with bayes ' rule if the true distribution $\ mu $ of the sequences $ x_1x_2x_3 ...$ is known . the problem , however , is that in many cases one does not even have a reasonable estimate of the true distribution . in order to overcome this problem a universal distribution $\ xi $ is defined as a w ←
→ cold fusion : training seq2seq models together with language models ; sequence - to - sequence ( seq2seq ) models with attention have excelled at tasks which involve generating natural language sentences such as machine translation , image captioning and speech recognition . performance has further been improved by leveraging unlabeled data , often in the form of a language model . in this work , we present the cold fusion method , which leverages a pre - trained language model during training , and show its effectiveness ←
→ on the generalization of equivariance and convolution in neural networks to the action of compact groups ; convolutional neural networks have been extremely successful in the image recognition domain because they ensure equivariance to translations . there have been many recent attempts to generalize this framework to other domains , including graphs and data lying on manifolds . in this paper we give a rigorous , theoretical treatment of convolution and equivariance in neural networks with respect to not jus ←
→ filtrated algebraic subspace clustering ; subspace clustering is the problem of clustering data that lie close to a union of linear subspaces . in the abstract form of the problem , where no noise or other corruptions are present , the data are assumed to lie in general position inside the algebraic variety of a union of subspaces , and the objective is to decompose the variety into its constituent subspaces . prior algebraic - geometric approaches to this problem require the subspaces to be of equal dimension , or ←
→ on detecting messaging abuse in short text messages using linguistic and behavioral patterns ; the use of short text messages in social media and instant messaging has become a popular communication channel during the last years . this rising popularity has caused an increment in messaging threats such as spam , phishing or malware as well as other threats . the processing of these short text message threats could pose additional challenges such as the presence of lexical variants , sms - like contractions or a ←
→ bidirectional - convolutional lstm based spectral - spatial feature learning for hyperspectral image classification ; this paper proposes a novel deep learning framework named bidirectional - convolutional long short term memory ( bi - clstm ) network to automatically learn the spectral - spatial feature from hyperspectral images ( hsis ). in the network , the issue of spectral feature extraction is considered as a sequence learning problem , and a recurrent connection operator across the spectral domain is used to addre ←
→ comparative study for inference of hidden classes in stochastic block models ; inference of hidden classes in stochastic block model is a classical problem with important applications . most commonly used methods for this problem involve na \"{\ i } ve mean field approaches or heuristic spectral methods . recently , belief propagation was proposed for this problem . in this contribution we perform a comparative study between the three methods on synthetically created networks . we show that belief propagation show ←
→ pso based neural networks vs . traditional statistical models for seasonal time series forecasting ; seasonality is a distinctive characteristic which is often observed in many practical time series . artificial neural networks ( anns ) are a class of promising models for efficiently recognizing and forecasting seasonal patterns . in this paper , the particle swarm optimization ( pso ) approach is used to enhance the forecasting strengths of feedforward ann ( fann ) as well as elman ann ( eann ) models for seasonal d ←
→ using nlp to measure democracy ; this paper uses natural language processing to create the first machine - coded democracy index , which i call automated democracy scores ( ads ). the ads are based on 42 million news articles from 6 , 043 different sources and cover all independent countries in the 1993 - 2012 period . unlike the democracy indices we have today the ads are replicable and have standard errors small enough to actually distinguish between cases . the ads are produced with supervised learning . three app ←
→ integrated sequence tagging for medieval latin using deep representation learning ; in this paper we consider two sequence tagging tasks for medieval latin : part - of - speech tagging and lemmatization . these are both basic , yet foundational preprocessing steps in applications such as text re - use detection . nevertheless , they are generally complicated by the considerable orthographic variation which is typical of medieval latin . in digital classics , these tasks are traditionally solved in a ( i ) cascaded and (←
→ fast piecewise - affine motion estimation without segmentation ; current algorithmic approaches for piecewise affine motion estimation are based on alternating motion segmentation and estimation . we propose a new method to estimate piecewise affine motion fields directly without intermediate segmentation . to this end , we reformulate the problem by imposing piecewise constancy of the parameter field , and derive a specific proximal splitting optimization scheme . a key component of our framework is an efficient ←
→ a comparison of gap statistic definitions with and without logarithm function ; the gap statistic is a standard method for determining the number of clusters in a set of data . the gap statistic standardizes the graph of $\ log ( w_ { k })$, where $ w_ { k }$ is the within - cluster dispersion , by comparing it to its expectation under an appropriate null reference distribution of the data . we suggest to use $ w_ { k }$ instead of $\ log ( w_ { k })$, and to compare it to the expectation of $ w_ { k }$ under a null reference distrib ←
→ a converged algorithm for tikhonov regularized nonnegative matrix factorization with automatic regularization parameters determination ; we present a converged algorithm for tikhonov regularized nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ). we specially choose this regularization because it is known that tikhonov regularized least square ( ls ) is the more preferable form in solving linear inverse problems than the conventional ls . because an nmf problem can be decomposed into ls subproblems , it can be expected t ←
→ monte - carlo tree search by best arm identification ; recent advances in bandit tools and techniques for sequential learning are steadily enabling new applications and are promising the resolution of a range of challenging related problems . we study the game tree search problem , where the goal is to quickly identify the optimal move in a given game tree by sequentially sampling its stochastic payoffs . we develop new algorithms for trees of arbitrary depth , that operate by summarizing all deeper levels of the ←
→ a logical approach to efficient max - sat solving ; weighted max - sat is the optimization version of sat and many important problems can be naturally encoded as such . solving weighted max - sat is an important problem from both a theoretical and a practical point of view . in recent years , there has been considerable interest in finding efficient solving techniques . most of this work focus on the computation of good quality lower bounds to be used within a branch and bound dpll - like algorithm . most often , these l ←
→ the theory and application of penalized methods or reproducing kernel hilbert spaces made easy ; the popular cubic smoothing spline estimate of a regression function arises as the minimizer of the penalized sum of squares $\ sum_j ( y_j - {\ mu }( t_j ))^ 2 + {\ lambda }\ int_a ^ b [{\ mu }"( t )]^ 2 dt $, where the data are $ t_j , y_j $, $ j = 1 ,..., n $. the minimization is taken over an infinite - dimensional function space , the space of all functions with square integrable second derivatives . but the calculations can be carried ←
→ expertbayes : automatically refining manually built bayesian networks ; bayesian network structures are usually built using only the data and starting from an empty network or from a naive bayes structure . very often , in some domains , like medicine , a prior structure knowledge is already known . this structure can be automatically or manually refined in search for better performance models . in this work , we take bayesian networks built by specialists and show that minor perturbations to this original network ←
→ deep adversarial attention alignment for unsupervised domain adaptation : the benefit of target expectation maximization ; in this paper we make two contributions to unsupervised domain adaptation in the convolutional neural network . first , our approach transfers knowledge in the deep side of neural networks for all convolutional layers . previous methods usually do so by directly aligning higher - level representations , e . g ., aligning the activations of fully - connected layers . in this case , although the conv ←
→ reasoning support for risk prediction and prevention in independent living ; in recent years there has been growing interest in solutions for the delivery of clinical care for the elderly , due to the large increase in aging population . monitoring a patient in his home environment is necessary to ensure continuity of care in home settings , but , to be useful , this activity must not be too invasive for patients and a burden for caregivers . we prototyped a system called sindi ( secure and independent living ), ←
→ formal concept analysis of rodent carriers of zoonotic disease ; the technique of formal concept analysis is applied to a dataset describing the traits of rodents , with the goal of identifying zoonotic disease carriers , or those species carrying infections that can spillover to cause human disease . the concepts identified among these species together provide rules - of - thumb about the intrinsic biological features of rodents that carry zoonotic diseases , and offer utility for better targeting field surveillanc ←
→ using phone sensors and an artificial neural network to detect gait changes during drinking episodes in the natural environment ; phone sensors could be useful in assessing changes in gait that occur with alcohol consumption . this study determined ( 1 ) feasibility of collecting gait - related data during drinking occasions in the natural environment , and ( 2 ) how gait - related features measured by phone sensors relate to estimated blood alcohol concentration ( ebac ). ten young adult heavy drinkers were prompted ←
→ revisiting simple neural networks for learning representations of knowledge graphs ; we address the problem of learning vector representations for entities and relations in knowledge graphs ( kgs ) for knowledge base completion ( kbc ). this problem has received significant attention in the past few years and multiple methods have been proposed . most of the existing methods in the literature use a predefined characteristic scoring function for evaluating the correctness of kg triples . these scoring functions ←
→ video event recognition for surveillance applications ( versa ) ; versa provides a general - purpose framework for defining and recognizing events in live or recorded surveillance video streams . the approach for event recognition in versa is using a declarative logic language to define the spatial and temporal relationships that characterize a given event or activity . doing so requires the definition of certain fundamental spatial and temporal relationships and a high - level syntax for specifying frame templates ←
→ prototypal analysis and prototypal regression ; prototypal analysis is introduced to overcome two shortcomings of archetypal analysis : its sensitivity to outliers and its non - locality , which reduces its applicability as a learning tool . same as archetypal analysis , prototypal analysis finds prototypes through convex combination of the data points and approximates the data through convex combination of the archetypes , but it adds a penalty for using prototypes distant from the data points for their reconstru ←
→ fact sheet on semantic web ; the report gives an overview about activities on the topic semantic web . it has been released as technical report for the project " ktweb -- connecting knowledge technologies communities " in 2003 .←
→ goedel machines : self - referential universal problem solvers making provably optimal self - improvements ; we present the first class of mathematically rigorous , general , fully self - referential , self - improving , optimally efficient problem solvers . inspired by kurt goedel ' s celebrated self - referential formulas ( 1931 ), such a problem solver rewrites any part of its own code as soon as it has found a proof that the rewrite is useful , where the problem - dependent utility function and the hardware and the entire i ←
→ feature selection with annealing for computer vision and big data learning ; many computer vision and medical imaging problems are faced with learning from large - scale datasets , with millions of observations and features . in this paper we propose a novel efficient learning scheme that tightens a sparsity constraint by gradually removing variables based on a criterion and a schedule . the attractive fact that the problem size keeps dropping throughout the iterations makes it particularly suitable for big da ←
→ quantum fuzzy sets : blending fuzzy set theory and quantum computation ; in this article we investigate a way in which quantum computing can be used to extend the class of fuzzy sets . the core idea is to see states of a quantum register as characteristic functions of quantum fuzzy subsets of a given set . as the real unit interval is embedded in the bloch sphere , every fuzzy set is automatically a quantum fuzzy set . however , a generic quantum fuzzy set can be seen as a ( possibly entangled ) superposition of ma ←
→ deep boosting : joint feature selection and analysis dictionary learning in hierarchy ; this work investigates how the traditional image classification pipelines can be extended into a deep architecture , inspired by recent successes of deep neural networks . we propose a deep boosting framework based on layer - by - layer joint feature boosting and dictionary learning . in each layer , we construct a dictionary of filters by combining the filters from the lower layer , and iteratively optimize the image representa ←
→ introduction to cross - entropy clustering the r package cec ; the r package cec performs clustering based on the cross - entropy clustering ( cec ) method , which was recently developed with the use of information theory . the main advantage of cec is that it combines the speed and simplicity of $ k $- means with the ability to use various gaussian mixture models and reduce unnecessary clusters . in this work we present a practical tutorial to cec based on the r package cec . functions are provided to encompass the who ←
→ toward the automatic generation of a semantic vrml model from unorganized 3d point clouds ; this paper presents our experience regarding the creation of 3d semantic facility model out of unorganized 3d point clouds . thus , a knowledge - based detection approach of objects using the owl ontology language is presented . this knowledge is used to define swrl detection rules . in addition , the combination of 3d processing built - ins and topological built - ins in swrl rules aims at combining geometrical analysis of 3 ←
→ aging display ' s effect on interpretation of digital pathology slides ; it is our conjecture that the variability of colors in a pathology image effects the interpretation of pathology cases , whether it is diagnostic accuracy , diagnostic confidence , or workflow efficiency . in this paper , digital pathology images are analyzed to quantify the perceived difference in color that occurs due to display aging , in particular a change in the maximum luminance , white point , and color gamut . the digital pathology image ←
→ on sgd ' s failure in practice : characterizing and overcoming stalling ; stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) is widely used in machine learning problems to efficiently perform empirical risk minimization , yet , in practice , sgd is known to stall before reaching the actual minimizer of the empirical risk . sgd stalling has often been attributed to its sensitivity to the conditioning of the problem ; however , as we demonstrate , sgd will stall even when applied to a simple linear regression problem with unity conditi ←
→ variance reduction for policy gradient with action - dependent factorized baselines ; policy gradient methods have enjoyed great success in deep reinforcement learning but suffer from high variance of gradient estimates . the high variance problem is particularly exasperated in problems with long horizons or high - dimensional action spaces . to mitigate this issue , we derive a bias - free action - dependent baseline for variance reduction which fully exploits the structural form of the stochastic policy itself and ←
→ introduction to the 28th international conference on logic programming special issue ; we are proud to introduce this special issue of the journal of theory and practice of logic programming ( tplp ), dedicated to the full papers accepted for the 28th international conference on logic programming ( iclp ). the iclp meetings started in marseille in 1982 and since then constitute the main venue for presenting and discussing work in the area of logic programming .←
→ diagnosing editorial strategies of chilean media on twitter using an automatic news classifier ; in chile , does not exist an independent entity that publishes quantitative or qualitative surveys to understand the traditional media environment and its adaptation on the social web . nowadays , chilean newsreaders are increasingly using social web platforms as their primary source of information , among which twitter plays a central role . historical media and pure players are developing different strategies to ←
→ active learning for convolutional neural networks : a core - set approach ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have been successfully applied to many recognition and learning tasks using a universal recipe ; training a deep model on a very large dataset of supervised examples . however , this approach is rather restrictive in practice since collecting a large set of labeled images is very expensive . one way to ease this problem is coming up with smart ways for choosing images to be labelled from a very large co ←
→ on discrimination discovery and removal in ranked data using causal graph ; predictive models learned from historical data are widely used to help companies and organizations make decisions . however , they may digitally unfairly treat unwanted groups , raising concerns about fairness and discrimination . in this paper , we study the fairness - aware ranking problem which aims to discover discrimination in ranked datasets and reconstruct the fair ranking . existing methods in fairness - aware ranking are mainly bas ←
→ calendar . help : designing a workflow - based scheduling agent with humans in the loop ; although information workers may complain about meetings , they are an essential part of their work life . consequently , busy people spend a significant amount of time scheduling meetings . we present calendar . help , a system that provides fast , efficient scheduling through structured workflows . users interact with the system via email , delegating their scheduling needs to the system as if it were a human personal assistant . ←
→ in memoriam maurice gross ; maurice gross ( 1934 - 2001 ) was both a great linguist and a pioneer in natural language processing . this article is written in homage to his memory ←
→ active bias : training more accurate neural networks by emphasizing high variance samples ; self - paced learning and hard example mining re - weight training instances to improve learning accuracy . this paper presents two improved alternatives based on lightweight estimates of sample uncertainty in stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ): the variance in predicted probability of the correct class across iterations of mini - batch sgd , and the proximity of the correct class probability to the decision threshold . exten ←
→ a layered grammar model : using tree - adjoining grammars to build a common syntactic kernel for related dialects ; this article describes the design of a common syntactic description for the core grammar of a group of related dialects . the common description does not rely on an abstract sub - linguistic structure like a metagrammar : it consists in a single fs - ltag where the actual specific language is included as one of the attributes in the set of attribute types defined for the features . when the lang attri ←
→ beliefs in markov trees - from local computations to local valuation ; this paper is devoted to expressiveness of hypergraphs for which uncertainty propagation by local computations via shenoy / shafer method applies . it is demonstrated that for this propagation method for a given joint belief distribution no valuation of hyperedges of a hypergraph may provide with simpler hypergraph structure than valuation of hyperedges by conditional distributions . this has vital implication that methods recovering belief ←
→ deep mixture of diverse experts for large - scale visual recognition ; in this paper , a deep mixture of diverse experts algorithm is developed for seamlessly combining a set of base deep cnns ( convolutional neural networks ) with diverse outputs ( task spaces ), e . g ., such base deep cnns are trained to recognize different subsets of tens of thousands of atomic object classes . first , a two - layer ( category layer and object class layer ) ontology is constructed to achieve more effective solution for task group gener ←
→ deep reinforcement learning for robotic manipulation - the state of the art ; the focus of this work is to enumerate the various approaches and algorithms that center around application of reinforcement learning in robotic ma - ]] nipulation tasks . earlier methods utilized specialized policy representations and human demonstrations to constrict the policy . such methods worked well with continuous state and policy space of robots but failed to come up with generalized policies . subsequently , high dimensional n ←
→ the five points pose problem : a new and accurate solution adapted to any geometric configuration ; the goal of this paper is to estimate directly the rotation and translation between two stereoscopic images with the help of five homologous points . the methodology presented does not mix the rotation and translation parameters , which is comparably an important advantage over the methods using the well - known essential matrix . this results in correct behavior and accuracy for situations otherwise known as qu ←
→ domain - invariant face recognition using learned low - rank transformation ; we present a low - rank transformation approach to compensate for face variations due to changes in visual domains , such as pose and illumination . the key idea is to learn discriminative linear transformations for face images using matrix rank as the optimization criteria . the learned linear transformations restore a shared low - rank structure for faces from the same subject , and , at the same time , force a high - rank structure for faces f ←
→ an iterative co - saliency framework for rgbd images ; as a newly emerging and significant topic in computer vision community , co - saliency detection aims at discovering the common salient objects in multiple related images . the existing methods often generate the co - saliency map through a direct forward pipeline which is based on the designed cues or initialization , but lack the refinement - cycle scheme . moreover , they mainly focus on rgb image and ignore the depth information for rgbd images . in this paper , w ←
→ grasping the finer point : a supervised similarity network for metaphor detection ; the ubiquity of metaphor in our everyday communication makes it an important problem for natural language understanding . yet , the majority of metaphor processing systems to date rely on hand - engineered features and there is still no consensus in the field as to which features are optimal for this task . in this paper , we present the first deep learning architecture designed to capture metaphorical composition . our results de ←
→ face valuing : training user interfaces with facial expressions and reinforcement learning ; an important application of interactive machine learning is extending or amplifying the cognitive and physical capabilities of a human . to accomplish this , machines need to learn about their human users ' intentions and adapt to their preferences . in most current research , a user has conveyed preferences to a machine using explicit corrective or instructive feedback ; explicit feedback imposes a cognitive load on the ←
→ mbis : multivariate bayesian image segmentation tool ; we present mbis ( multivariate bayesian image segmentation tool ), a clustering tool based on the mixture of multivariate normal distributions model . mbis supports multi - channel bias field correction based on a b - spline model . a second methodological novelty is the inclusion of graph - cuts optimization for the stationary anisotropic hidden markov random field model . along with mbis , we release an evaluation framework that contains three different experiment ←
→ a pareto optimal d * search algorithm for multiobjective path planning ; path planning is one of the most vital elements of mobile robotics , providing the agent with a collision - free route through the workspace . the global path plan can be calculated with a variety of informed search algorithms , most notably the a * search method , guaranteed to deliver a complete and optimal solution that minimizes the path cost . d * is widely used for its dynamic replanning capabilities . path planning optimization typically l ←
→ automated objective surgical skill assessment in the operating room using unstructured tool motion ; previous work on surgical skill assessment using intraoperative tool motion in the operating room ( or ) has focused on highly - structured surgical tasks such as cholecystectomy . further , these methods only considered generic motion metrics such as time and number of movements , which are of limited instructive value . in this paper , we developed and evaluated an automated approach to the surgical skill assessm ←
→ tell - and - answer : towards explainable visual question answering using attributes and captions ; visual question answering ( vqa ) has attracted attention from both computer vision and natural language processing communities . most existing approaches adopt the pipeline of representing an image via pre - trained cnns , and then using the uninterpretable cnn features in conjunction with the question to predict the answer . although such end - to - end models might report promising performance , they rarely provide any i ←
→ statistical inference for machine learning inverse probability weighting with survival outcomes ; we present an inverse probability weighted estimator for survival analysis under informative right censoring . our estimator has the novel property that it converges to a normal variable at $ n ^{ 1 / 2 }$ rate for a large class of censoring probability estimators , including many data - adaptive ( e . g ., machine learning ) prediction methods . we present the formula of the asymptotic variance of the estimator , which allow ←
→ robust kronecker component analysis ; dictionary learning and component analysis models are fundamental in learning compact representations that are relevant to a given task ( feature extraction , dimensionality reduction , denoising , etc .). the model complexity is encoded by means of specific structure , such as sparsity , low - rankness , or nonnegativity . unfortunately , approaches like k - svd - that learn dictionaries for sparse coding via singular value decomposition ( svd ) - are hard to scale to high - volume and ←
→ dna reservoir computing : a novel molecular computing approach ; we propose a novel molecular computing approach based on reservoir computing . in reservoir computing , a dynamical core , called a reservoir , is perturbed with an external input signal while a readout layer maps the reservoir dynamics to a target output . computation takes place as a transformation from the input space to a high - dimensional spatiotemporal feature space created by the transient dynamics of the reservoir . the readout layer then comb ←
→ decentralization meets quantization ; optimizing distributed learning systems is an art of balancing between computation and communication . there have been two lines of research that try to deal with slower networks : {\ em quantization } for low bandwidth networks , and {\ em decentralization } for high latency networks . in this paper , we explore a natural question : {\ em can the combination of both decentralization and quantization lead to a system that is robust to both bandwidth and latency ?} although the sy ←
→ binary classifier calibration : bayesian non - parametric approach ; a set of probabilistic predictions is well calibrated if the events that are predicted to occur with probability p do in fact occur about p fraction of the time . well calibrated predictions are particularly important when machine learning models are used in decision analysis . this paper presents two new non - parametric methods for calibrating outputs of binary classification models : a method based on the bayes optimal selection and a method ba ←
→ delving deeper into mooc student dropout prediction ; in order to obtain reliable accuracy estimates for automatic mooc dropout predictors , it is important to train and test them in a manner consistent with how they will be used in practice . yet most prior research on mooc dropout prediction has measured test accuracy on the same course used for training the classifier , which can lead to overly optimistic accuracy estimates . in order to understand better how accuracy is affected by the training + testing regi ←
→ complexity theoretic limitations on learning dnf ' s ; using the recently developed framework of [ daniely et al , 2014 ], we show that under a natural assumption on the complexity of refuting random k - sat formulas , learning dnf formulas is hard . furthermore , the same assumption implies the hardness of learning intersections of $\ omega (\ log ( n ))$ halfspaces , agnostically learning conjunctions , as well as virtually all ( distribution free ) learning problems that were previously shown hard ( under complexity assumpti ←
→ latent variable time - varying network inference ; in many applications of finance , biology and sociology , complex systems involve entities interacting with each other . these processes have the peculiarity of evolving over time and of comprising latent factors , which influence the system without being explicitly measured . in this work we present latent variable time - varying graphical lasso ( ltgl ), a method for multivariate time - series graphical modelling that considers the influence of hidden or unmeasurable ←
→ generating graphical chain by mutual matching of bayesian network and extracted rules of bayesian network using genetic algorithm ; with the technology development , the need of analyze and extraction of useful information is increasing . bayesian networks contain knowledge from data and experts that could be used for decision making processes but they are not easily understandable thus the rule extraction methods have been used but they have high computation costs . to overcome this problem we extract rules ←
→ variational autoencoder for deep learning of images , labels and captions ; a novel variational autoencoder is developed to model images , as well as associated labels or captions . the deep generative deconvolutional network ( dgdn ) is used as a decoder of the latent image features , and a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) is used as an image encoder ; the cnn is used to approximate a distribution for the latent dgdn features / code . the latent code is also linked to generative models for labels ( bayesian su ←
→ multimodal biometric systems - study to improve accuracy and performance ; biometrics is the science and technology of measuring and analyzing biological data of human body , extracting a feature set from the acquired data , and comparing this set against to the template set in the database . experimental studies show that unimodal biometric systems had many disadvantages regarding performance and accuracy . multimodal biometric systems perform better than unimodal biometric systems and are popular even more co ←
→ active learning and proofreading for delineation of curvilinear structures ; many state - of - the - art delineation methods rely on supervised machine learning algorithms . as a result , they require manually annotated training data , which is tedious to obtain . furthermore , even minor classification errors may significantly affect the topology of the final result . in this paper we propose a generic approach to addressing both of these problems by taking into account the influence of a potential misclassification ←
→ study of some recent crossovers effects on speed and accuracy of genetic algorithm , using symmetric travelling salesman problem ; the travelling salesman problem ( tsp ) is one of the most famous optimization problems . the genetic algorithm ( ga ) is one of metaheuristics that have been applied to tsp . the crossover and mutation operators are two important elements of ga . there are many tsp solver crossover operators . in this paper , we state implementation of some recent tsp solver crossovers at first and the ←
→ origami : a 803 gop / s / w convolutional network accelerator ; an ever increasing number of computer vision and image / video processing challenges are being approached using deep convolutional neural networks , obtaining state - of - the - art results in object recognition and detection , semantic segmentation , action recognition , optical flow and superresolution . hardware acceleration of these algorithms is essential to adopt these improvements in embedded and mobile computer vision systems . we present a new architectu ←
→ iterative universal hash function generator for minhashing ; minhashing is a technique used to estimate the jaccard index between two sets by exploiting the probability of collision in a random permutation . in order to speed up the computation , a random permutation can be approximated by using an universal hash function such as the $ h_ { a , b }$ function proposed by carter and wegman . a better estimate of the jaccard index can be achieved by using many of these hash functions , created at random . in this paper a ←
→ surrogate regret bounds for generalized classification performance metrics ; we consider optimization of generalized performance metrics for binary classification by means of surrogate losses . we focus on a class of metrics , which are linear - fractional functions of the false positive and false negative rates ( examples of which include $ f_ {\ beta }$- measure , jaccard similarity coefficient , am measure , and many others ). our analysis concerns the following two - step procedure . first , a real - valued function $ f $ ←
→ combining fuzzy cognitive maps and discrete random variables ; in this paper we propose an extension to the fuzzy cognitive maps ( fcms ) that aims at aggregating a number of reasoning tasks into a one parallel run . the described approach consists in replacing real - valued activation levels of concepts ( and further influence weights ) by random variables . such extension , followed by the implemented software tool , allows for determining ranges reached by concept activation levels , sensitivity analysis as well as ←
→ a necessary and sufficient condition for graph matching being equivalent to the maximum weight clique problem ; this paper formulates a necessary and sufficient condition for a generic graph matching problem to be equivalent to the maximum vertex and edge weight clique problem in a derived association graph . the consequences of this results are threefold : first , the condition is general enough to cover a broad range of practical graph matching problems ; second , a proof to establish equivalence between gra ←
→ solving the brachistochrone problem by an influence diagram ; influence diagrams are a decision - theoretic extension of probabilistic graphical models . in this paper we show how they can be used to solve the brachistochrone problem . we present results of numerical experiments on this problem , compare the solution provided by the influence diagram with the optimal solution . the r code used for the experiments is presented in the appendix .←
→ deep learning based fence segmentation and removal from an image using a video sequence ; conventional approaches to image de - fencing use multiple adjacent frames for segmentation of fences in the reference image and are limited to restoring images of static scenes only . in this paper , we propose a de - fencing algorithm for images of dynamic scenes using an occlusion - aware optical flow method . we divide the problem of image de - fencing into the tasks of automated fence segmentation from a single image , moti ←
→ on the influence of momentum acceleration on online learning ; the article examines in some detail the convergence rate and mean - square - error performance of momentum stochastic gradient methods in the constant step - size and slow adaptation regime . the results establish that momentum methods are equivalent to the standard stochastic gradient method with a re - scaled ( larger ) step - size value . the size of the re - scaling is determined by the value of the momentum parameter . the equivalence result is established ←
→ a c ++ library for multimodal deep learning ; mdl , multimodal deep learning library , is a deep learning framework that supports multiple models , and this document explains its philosophy and functionality . mdl runs on linux , mac , and unix platforms . it depends on opencv .←
→ automated query learning with wikipedia and genetic programming ; most of the existing information retrieval systems are based on bag of words model and are not equipped with common world knowledge . work has been done towards improving the efficiency of such systems by using intelligent algorithms to generate search queries , however , not much research has been done in the direction of incorporating human - and - society level knowledge in the queries . this paper is one of the first attempts where such informati ←
→ heat kernel coupling for multiple graph analysis ; in this paper , we introduce heat kernel coupling ( hkc ) as a method of constructing multimodal spectral geometry on weighted graphs of different size without vertex - wise bijective correspondence . we show that laplacian averaging can be derived as a limit case of hkc , and demonstrate its applications on several problems from the manifold learning and pattern recognition domain .←
→ cached long short - term memory neural networks for document - level sentiment classification ; recently , neural networks have achieved great success on sentiment classification due to their ability to alleviate feature engineering . however , one of the remaining challenges is to model long texts in document - level sentiment classification under a recurrent architecture because of the deficiency of the memory unit . to address this problem , we present a cached long short - term memory neural networks ( clstm ) to ca ←
→ implementing a bayesian scheme for revising belief commitments ; our previous work on classifying complex ship images [ 1 , 2 ] has evolved into an effort to develop software tools for building and solving generic classification problems . managing the uncertainty associated with feature data and other evidence is an important issue in this endeavor . bayesian techniques for managing uncertainty [ 7 , 12 , 13 ] have proven to be useful for managing several of the belief maintenance requirements of classification proble ←
→ dynamic model selection for prediction under a budget ; we present a dynamic model selection approach for resource - constrained prediction . given an input instance at test - time , a gating function identifies a prediction model for the input among a collection of models . our objective is to minimize overall average cost without sacrificing accuracy . we learn gating and prediction models on fully labeled training data by means of a bottom - up strategy . our novel bottom - up method is a recursive scheme whereby a h ←
→ advances in optimizing recurrent networks ; after a more than decade - long period of relatively little research activity in the area of recurrent neural networks , several new developments will be reviewed here that have allowed substantial progress both in understanding and in technical solutions towards more efficient training of recurrent networks . these advances have been motivated by and related to the optimization issues surrounding deep learning . although recurrent networks are extremely powerful in wh ←
→ distance to center of mass encoding for instance segmentation ; the instance segmentation can be considered an extension of the object detection problem where bounding boxes are replaced by object contours . strictly speaking the problem requires to identify each pixel instance and class independently of the artifice used for this mean . the advantage of instance segmentation over the usual object detection lies in the precise delineation of objects improving object localization . additionally , object contours ←
→ ensemble of jointly trained deep neural network - based acoustic models for reverberant speech recognition ; distant speech recognition is a challenge , particularly due to the corruption of speech signals by reverberation caused by large distances between the speaker and microphone . in order to cope with a wide range of reverberations in real - world situations , we present novel approaches for acoustic modeling including an ensemble of deep neural networks ( dnns ) and an ensemble of jointly trained dnns . first ←
→ mathematical interpretation between genotype and phenotype spaces and induced geometric crossovers ; in this paper , we present that genotype - phenotype mapping can be theoretically interpreted using the concept of quotient space in mathematics . quotient space can be considered as mathematically - defined phenotype space in the evolutionary computation theory . the quotient geometric crossover has the effect of reducing the search space actually searched by geometric crossover , and it introduces problem knowle ←
→ design and classification of dynamic multi - objective optimization problems ; in this work we provide a formal model for the different time - dependent components that can appear in dynamic multi - objective optimization problems , along with a classification of these components . four main classes are identified , corresponding to the influence of the parameters , objective functions , previous states of the dynamic system and , last , environment changes , which in turn lead to online optimization problems . for illu ←
→ k3 , l3 , lp , rm3 , a3 , fde : how to make many - valued logics work for you ; we investigate some well - known ( and a few not - so - well - known ) many - valued logics that have a small number ( 3 or 4 ) of truth values . for some of them we complain that they do not have any \ emph { logical } use ( despite their perhaps having some intuitive semantic interest ) and we look at ways to add features so as to make them useful , while retaining their intuitive appeal . at the end , we show some surprising results in the system fde , and i ←
→ motion artifact detection in confocal laser endomicroscopy images ; confocal laser endomicroscopy ( cle ), an optical imaging technique allowing non - invasive examination of the mucosa on a ( sub ) cellular level , has proven to be a valuable diagnostic tool in gastroenterology and shows promising results in various anatomical regions including the oral cavity . recently , the feasibility of automatic carcinoma detection for cle images of sufficient quality was shown . however , in real world data sets a high amount o ←
→ spatial aggregation : theory and applications ; visual thinking plays an important role in scientific reasoning . based on the research in automating diverse reasoning tasks about dynamical systems , nonlinear controllers , kinematic mechanisms , and fluid motion , we have identified a style of visual thinking , imagistic reasoning . imagistic reasoning organizes computations around image - like , analogue representations so that perceptual and symbolic operations can be brought to bear to infer structure and behavior ←
→ online learning with an unknown fairness metric ; we consider the problem of online learning in the linear contextual bandits setting , but in which there are also strong individual fairness constraints governed by an unknown similarity metric . these constraints demand that we select similar actions or individuals with approximately equal probability ( arxiv : 1104 . 3913 ), which may be at odds with optimizing reward , thus modeling settings where profit and social policy are in tension . we assume we learn about a ←
→ evaluating 35 methods to generate structural connectomes using pairwise classification ; there is no consensus on how to construct structural brain networks from diffusion mri . how variations in pre - processing steps affect network reliability and its ability to distinguish subjects remains opaque . in this work , we address this issue by comparing 35 structural connectome - building pipelines . we vary diffusion reconstruction models , tractography algorithms and parcellations . next , we classify structural conn ←
→ regularizing and optimizing lstm language models ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ), such as long short - term memory networks ( lstms ), serve as a fundamental building block for many sequence learning tasks , including machine translation , language modeling , and question answering . in this paper , we consider the specific problem of word - level language modeling and investigate strategies for regularizing and optimizing lstm - based models . we propose the weight - dropped lstm which uses dropconnect on hidden - to - hid ←
→ analysis of three - dimensional protein images ; a fundamental goal of research in molecular biology is to understand protein structure . protein crystallography is currently the most successful method for determining the three - dimensional ( 3d ) conformation of a protein , yet it remains labor intensive and relies on an expert ' s ability to derive and evaluate a protein scene model . in this paper , the problem of protein structure determination is formulated as an exercise in scene analysis . a computational method ←
→ pixel - wise orthogonal decomposition for color illumination invariant and shadow - free image ; in this paper , we propose a novel , effective and fast method to obtain a color illumination invariant and shadow - free image from a single outdoor image . different from state - of - the - art methods for shadow - free image that either need shadow detection or statistical learning , we set up a linear equation set for each pixel value vector based on physically - based shadow invariants , deduce a pixel - wise orthogonal decompo ←
→ learning to execute ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) with long short - term memory units ( lstm ) are widely used because they are expressive and are easy to train . our interest lies in empirically evaluating the expressiveness and the learnability of lstms in the sequence - to - sequence regime by training them to evaluate short computer programs , a domain that has traditionally been seen as too complex for neural networks . we consider a simple class of programs that can be evaluated with a single left - to - right ←
→ context based visual content verification ; in this paper the intermediary visual content verification method based on multi - level co - occurrences is studied . the co - occurrence statistics are in general used to determine relational properties between objects based on information collected from data . as such these measures are heavily subject to relative number of occurrences and give only limited amount of accuracy when predicting objects in real world . in order to improve the accuracy of this method in the ←
→ multi - domain adversarial learning for slot filling in spoken language understanding ; the goal of this paper is to learn cross - domain representations for slot filling task in spoken language understanding ( slu ). most of the recently published slu models are domain - specific ones that work on individual task domains . annotating data for each individual task domain is both financially costly and non - scalable . in this work , we propose an adversarial training method in learning common features and representati ←
→ niletmrg at semeval - 2017 task 4 : arabic sentiment analysis ; this paper describes two systems that were used by the authors for addressing arabic sentiment analysis as part of semeval - 2017 , task 4 . the authors participated in three arabic related subtasks which are : subtask a ( message polarity classification ), sub - task b ( topic - based message polarity classification ) and subtask d ( tweet quantification ) using the team name of niletmrg . for subtask a , we made use of our previously developed sentiment analyzer ←
→ self - reinforced cascaded regression for face alignment ; cascaded regression is prevailing in face alignment thanks to its accuracy and robustness , but typically demands manually annotated examples having low discrepancy between shape - indexed features and shape updates . in this paper , we propose a self - reinforced strategy that iteratively expands the quantity and improves the quality of training examples , thus upgrading the performance of cascaded regression itself . the reinforced term evaluates the example ←
→ the road to vegas : guiding the search over neutral networks ; vegas ( varying evolvability - guided adaptive search ) is a new methodology proposed to deal with the neutrality property of some optimization problems . ts main feature is to consider the whole neutral network rather than an arbitrary solution . moreover , vegas is designed to escape from plateaus based on the evolvability of solution and a multi - armed bandit . experiments are conducted on nk - landscapes with neutrality . results show the importance of c ←
→ a fuzzy logic approach to target tracking ; this paper discusses a target tracking problem in which no dynamic mathematical model is explicitly assumed . a nonlinear filter based on the fuzzy if - then rules is developed . a comparison with a kalman filter is made , and empirical results show that the performance of the fuzzy filter is better . intensive simulations suggest that theoretical justification of the empirical results is possible .←
→ on calibrated predictions for auction selection mechanisms ; calibration is a basic property for prediction systems , and algorithms for achieving it are well - studied in both statistics and machine learning . in many applications , however , the predictions are used to make decisions that select which observations are made . this makes calibration difficult , as adjusting predictions to achieve calibration changes future data . we focus on click - through - rate ( ctr ) prediction for search ad auctions . here , ctr predi ←
→ neural class - specific regression for face verification ; face verification is a problem approached in the literature mainly using nonlinear class - specific subspace learning techniques . while it has been shown that kernel - based class - specific discriminant analysis is able to provide excellent performance in small - and medium - scale face verification problems , its application in today ' s large - scale problems is difficult due to its training space and computational requirements . in this paper , generalizing our p ←
→ finding remo ( related memory object ): a simple neural architecture for text based reasoning ; to solve the text - based question and answering task that requires relational reasoning , it is necessary to memorize a large amount of information and find out the question relevant information from the memory . most approaches were based on external memory and four components proposed by memory network . the distinctive component among them was the way of finding the necessary information and it contributes to the ←
→ semi - supervised model - based clustering with controlled clusters leakage ; in this paper , we focus on finding clusters in partially categorized data sets . we propose a semi - supervised version of gaussian mixture model , called c3l , which retrieves natural subgroups of given categories . in contrast to other semi - supervised models , c3l is parametrized by user - defined leakage level , which controls maximal inconsistency between initial categorization and resulting clustering . our method can be implemented as a mo ←
→ image segmentation in video sequences : a probabilistic approach ; " background subtraction " is an old technique for finding moving objects in a video sequence for example , cars driving on a freeway . the idea is that subtracting the current image from a timeaveraged background image will leave only nonstationary objects . it is , however , a crude approximation to the task of classifying each pixel of the current image ; it fails with slow - moving objects and does not distinguish shadows from moving objects . the b ←
→ stable parallel looped systems -- a new theoretical framework for the evolution of order ; the objective of the paper is to identify laws and mechanisms that allow the creation of more order from disorder using natural means i . e ., without the help of conscious beings . while this is not possible for the collection of all dynamical systems as it violates the second law of thermodynamics , i show that this is possible within a special subset called stable parallel looped ( spl ) dynamical systems . i identify a ←
→ a simple neural attentive meta - learner ; deep neural networks excel in regimes with large amounts of data , but tend to struggle when data is scarce or when they need to adapt quickly to changes in the task . in response , recent work in meta - learning proposes training a meta - learner on a distribution of similar tasks , in the hopes of generalization to novel but related tasks by learning a high - level strategy that captures the essence of the problem it is asked to solve . however , many recent meta - learning appr ←
→ segmented and directional impact detection for parked vehicles using mobile devices ; mutual usage of vehicles as well as car sharing became more and more attractive during the last years . especially in urban environments with limited parking possibilities and a higher risk for traffic jams , car rentals and sharing services may save time and money . but when renting a vehicle it could already be damaged ( e . g ., scratches or bumps inflicted by a previous user ) without the damage being perceived by the servic ←
→ robust bayesian optimization with student - t likelihood ; bayesian optimization has recently attracted the attention of the automatic machine learning community for its excellent results in hyperparameter tuning . bo is characterized by the sample efficiency with which it can optimize expensive black - box functions . the efficiency is achieved in a similar fashion to the learning to learn methods : surrogate models ( typically in the form of gaussian processes ) learn the target function and perform intelligent sa ←
→ online optimization with costly and noisy measurements using random fourier expansions ; this paper analyzes done , an online optimization algorithm that iteratively minimizes an unknown function based on costly and noisy measurements . the algorithm maintains a surrogate of the unknown function in the form of a random fourier expansion ( rfe ). the surrogate is updated whenever a new measurement is available , and then used to determine the next measurement point . the algorithm is comparable to bayesian optim ←
→ increasing the interpretability of recurrent neural networks using hidden markov models ; as deep neural networks continue to revolutionize various application domains , there is increasing interest in making these powerful models more understandable and interpretable , and narrowing down the causes of good and bad predictions . we focus on recurrent neural networks , state of the art models in speech recognition and translation . our approach to increasing interpretability is by combining a long short - term me ←
→ deep bilateral learning for real - time image enhancement ; performance is a critical challenge in mobile image processing . given a reference imaging pipeline , or even human - adjusted pairs of images , we seek to reproduce the enhancements and enable real - time evaluation . for this , we introduce a new neural network architecture inspired by bilateral grid processing and local affine color transforms . using pairs of input / output images , we train a convolutional neural network to predict the coefficients of a loca ←
→ exploiting temporal information for dcnn - based fine - grained object classification ; fine - grained classification is a relatively new field that has concentrated on using information from a single image , while ignoring the enormous potential of using video data to improve classification . in this work we present the novel task of video - based fine - grained object classification , propose a corresponding new video dataset , and perform a systematic study of several recent deep convolutional neural network ( dcnn ) ←
→ a mip backend for the idp system ; the idp knowledge base system currently uses minisat ( id ) as its backend constraint programming ( cp ) solver . a few similar systems have used a mixed integer programming ( mip ) solver as backend . however , so far little is known about when the mip solver is preferable . this paper explores this question . it describes the use of cplex as a backend for idp and reports on experiments comparing both backends .←
→ domain adaptation on graphs by learning aligned graph bases ; we propose a method for domain adaptation on graphs . given sufficiently many observations of the label function on a source graph , we study the problem of transferring the label information from the source graph to a target graph for estimating the target label function . our assumption about the relation between the two domains is that the frequency content of the label function , regarded as a graph signal , has similar characteristics over the so ←
→ deep image super resolution via natural image priors ; single image super - resolution ( sr ) via deep learning has recently gained significant attention in the literature . convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are typically learned to represent the mapping between low - resolution ( lr ) and high - resolution ( hr ) images / patches with the help of training examples . most existing deep networks for sr produce high quality results when training data is abundant . however , their performance degrades sharply when training i ←
→ a missing and found recognition system for hajj and umrah ; this note describes an integrated recognition system for identifying missing and found objects as well as missing , dead , and found people during hajj and umrah seasons in the two holy cities of makkah and madina in the kingdom of saudi arabia . it is assumed that the total estimated number of pilgrims will reach 20 millions during the next decade . the ultimate goal of this system is to integrate facial recognition and object identification solutions ←
→ high - dimensional $ l_2 $ boosting : rate of convergence ; boosting is one of the most significant developments in machine learning . this paper studies the rate of convergence of $ l_2 $ boosting , which is tailored for regression , in a high - dimensional setting . moreover , we introduce so - called \ textquotedblleft post - boosting \ textquotedblright . this is a post - selection estimator which applies ordinary least squares to the variables selected in the first stage by $ l_2 $ boosting . another variant is \ textquotedblleft or ←
→ the complex event recognition group ; the complex event recognition ( cer ) group is a research team , affiliated with the national centre of scientific research " demokritos " in greece . the cer group works towards advanced and efficient methods for the recognition of complex events in a multitude of large , heterogeneous and interdependent data streams . its research covers multiple aspects of complex event recognition , from efficient detection of patterns on event streams to handling uncertainty and noise in st ←
→ explaining black - box android malware detection ; machine - learning models have been recently used for detecting malicious android applications , reporting impressive performances on benchmark datasets , even when trained only on features statically extracted from the application , such as system calls and permissions . however , recent findings have highlighted the fragility of such in - vitro evaluations with benchmark datasets , showing that very few changes to the content of android malware may suffice to evade d ←
→ schatten -$ p $ quasi - norm regularized matrix optimization via iterative reweighted singular value minimization ; in this paper we study general schatten -$ p $ quasi - norm ( spqn ) regularized matrix minimization problems . in particular , we first introduce a class of first - order stationary points for them , and show that the first - order stationary points introduced in [ 11 ] for an spqn regularized $ vector $ minimization problem are equivalent to those of an spqn regularized $ matrix $ minimization reformulation . we al ←
→ concept - based indexing in text information retrieval ; traditional information retrieval systems rely on keywords to index documents and queries . in such systems , documents are retrieved based on the number of shared keywords with the query . this lexical - focused retrieval leads to inaccurate and incomplete results when different keywords are used to describe the documents and queries . semantic - focused retrieval approaches attempt to overcome this problem by relying on concepts rather than on keywords to ind ←
→ hourly - similarity based solar forecasting using multi - model machine learning blending ; with the increasing penetration of solar power into power systems , forecasting becomes critical in power system operations . in this paper , an hourly - similarity ( hs ) based method is developed for 1 - hour - ahead ( 1ha ) global horizontal irradiance ( ghi ) forecasting . this developed method utilizes diurnal patterns , statistical distinctions between different hours , and hourly similarities in solar data to improve the forecast ←
→ nonparametric bayesian estimation of periodic functions ; many real world problems exhibit patterns that have periodic behavior . for example , in astrophysics , periodic variable stars play a pivotal role in understanding our universe . an important step when analyzing data from such processes is the problem of identifying the period : estimating the period of a periodic function based on noisy observations made at irregularly spaced time points . this problem is still a difficult challenge despite extensive stu ←
→ nazr - cnn : fine - grained classification of uav imagery for damage assessment ; we propose nazr - cnn1 , a deep learning pipeline for object detection and fine - grained classification in images acquired from unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs ) for damage assessment and monitoring . nazr - cnn consists of two components . the function of the first component is to localize objects ( e . g . houses or infrastructure ) in an image by carrying out a pixel - level classification . in the second component , a hidden layer of a convolut ←
→ prediction of manipulation actions ; looking at a person ' s hands one often can tell what the person is going to do next , how his / her hands are moving and where they will be , because an actor ' s intentions shape his / her movement kinematics during action execution . similarly , active systems with real - time constraints must not simply rely on passive video - segment classification , but they have to continuously update their estimates and predict future actions . in this paper , we study the prediction of dexterous a ←
→ robotic mapping with polygonal random fields ; two types of probabilistic maps are popular in the mobile robotics literature : occupancy grids and geometric maps . occupancy grids have the advantages of simplicity and speed , but they represent only a restricted class of maps and they make incorrect independence assumptions . on the other hand , current geometric approaches , which characterize the environment by features such as line segments , can represent complex environments compactly . however , they do not re ←
→ fast algorithms for learning latent variables in graphical models ; we study the problem of learning latent variables in gaussian graphical models . existing methods for this problem assume that the precision matrix of the observed variables is the superposition of a sparse and a low - rank component . in this paper , we focus on the estimation of the low - rank component , which encodes the effect of marginalization over the latent variables . we introduce fast , proper learning algorithms for this problem . in contr ←
→ gene expression programming : a new adaptive algorithm for solving problems ; gene expression programming , a genotype / phenotype genetic algorithm ( linear and ramified ), is presented here for the first time as a new technique for the creation of computer programs . gene expression programming uses character linear chromosomes composed of genes structurally organized in a head and a tail . the chromosomes function as a genome and are subjected to modification by means of mutation , transposition , root transposi ←
→ msr - net : low - light image enhancement using deep convolutional network ; images captured in low - light conditions usually suffer from very low contrast , which increases the difficulty of subsequent computer vision tasks in a great extent . in this paper , a low - light image enhancement model based on convolutional neural network and retinex theory is proposed . firstly , we show that multi - scale retinex is equivalent to a feedforward convolutional neural network with different gaussian convolution kernels . motivate ←
→ logical and inequality implications for reducing the size and complexity of quadratic unconstrained binary optimization problems ; the quadratic unconstrained binary optimization ( qubo ) problem arises in diverse optimization applications ranging from ising spin problems to classical problems in graph theory and binary discrete optimization . the use of preprocessing to transform the graph representing the qubo problem into a smaller equivalent graph is important for improving solution quality and time for ←
→ aft *: integrating active learning and transfer learning to reduce annotation efforts ; the splendid success of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) in computer vision is largely attributed to the availability of large annotated datasets , such as imagenet and places . however , in biomedical imaging , it is very challenging to create such large annotated datasets , as annotating biomedical images is not only tedious , laborious , and time consuming , but also demanding of costly , specialty - oriented skills , which ←
→ video - based person re - identification with accumulative motion context ; video based person re - identification plays a central role in realistic security and video surveillance . in this paper we propose a novel accumulative motion context ( amoc ) network for addressing this important problem , which effectively exploits the long - range motion context for robustly identifying the same person under challenging conditions . given a video sequence of the same or different persons , the proposed amoc network jointly le ←
→ 3d video quality assessment ; a key factor in designing 3d systems is to understand how different visual cues and distortions affect the perceptual quality of 3d video . the ultimate way to assess video quality is through subjective tests . however , subjective evaluation is time consuming , expensive , and in most cases not even possible . an alternative solution is objective quality metrics , which attempt to model the human visual system ( hvs ) in order to assess the perceptual quality . the potential of 3d techn ←
→ robust video object tracking using particle filter with likelihood based feature fusion and adaptive template updating ; a robust algorithm solution is proposed for tracking an object in complex video scenes . in this solution , the bootstrap particle filter ( pf ) is initialized by an object detector , which models the time - evolving background of the video signal by an adaptive gaussian mixture . the motion of the object is expressed by a markov model , which defines the state transition prior . the color and te ←
→ using atl to define advanced and flexible constraint model transformations ; transforming constraint models is an important task in re - cent constraint programming systems . user - understandable models are defined during the modeling phase but rewriting or tuning them is manda - tory to get solving - efficient models . we propose a new architecture al - lowing to define bridges between any ( modeling or solver ) languages and to implement model optimizations . this architecture follows a model - driven approach wher ←
→ a consumer bci for automated music evaluation within a popular on - demand music streaming service - taking listener ' s brainwaves to extremes ; we investigated the possibility of using a machine - learning scheme in conjunction with commercial wearable eeg - devices for translating listener ' s subjective experience of music into scores that can be used for the automated annotation of music in popular on - demand streaming services . based on the established - neuroscientifically sound - concepts of brainwave frequenc ←
→ a generative process for sampling contractive auto - encoders ; the contractive auto - encoder learns a representation of the input data that captures the local manifold structure around each data point , through the leading singular vectors of the jacobian of the transformation from input to representation . the corresponding singular values specify how much local variation is plausible in directions associated with the corresponding singular vectors , while remaining in a high - density region of the input space . ←
→ foresthash : semantic hashing with shallow random forests and tiny convolutional networks ; hash codes are efficient data representations for coping with the ever growing amounts of data . in this paper , we introduce a random forest semantic hashing scheme that embeds tiny convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) into shallow random forests , with near - optimal information - theoretic code aggregation among trees . we start with a simple hashing scheme , where random trees in a forest act as hashing functions by setti ←
→ minimal - entropy correlation alignment for unsupervised deep domain adaptation ; in this work , we face the problem of unsupervised domain adaptation with a novel deep learning approach which leverages on our finding that entropy minimization is induced by the optimal alignment of second order statistics between source and target domains . we formally demonstrate this hypothesis and , aiming at achieving an optimal alignment in practical cases , we adopt a more principled strategy which , differently from the c ←
→ text - attentional convolutional neural networks for scene text detection ; recent deep learning models have demonstrated strong capabilities for classifying text and non - text components in natural images . they extract a high - level feature computed globally from a whole image component ( patch ), where the cluttered background information may dominate true text features in the deep representation . this leads to less discriminative power and poorer robustness . in this work , we present a new system for scene text ←
→ speeding up neural networks for large scale classification using wta hashing ; in this paper we propose to use the winner takes all hashing technique to speed up forward propagation and backward propagation in fully connected layers in convolutional neural networks . the proposed technique reduces significantly the computational complexity , which in turn , allows us to train layers with a large number of kernels with out the associated time penalty . as a consequence we are able to train convolutional neur ←
→ approximate inference on planar graphs using loop calculus and belief propagation ; we introduce novel results for approximate inference on planar graphical models using the loop calculus framework . the loop calculus ( chertkov and chernyak , 2006 ) allows to express the exact partition function of a graphical model as a finite sum of terms that can be evaluated once the belief propagation ( bp ) solution is known . in general , full summation over all correction terms is intractable . we develop an algorithm for ←
→ feature - based decipherment for large vocabulary machine translation ; orthographic similarities across languages provide a strong signal for probabilistic decipherment , especially for closely related language pairs . the existing decipherment models , however , are not well - suited for exploiting these orthographic similarities . we propose a log - linear model with latent variables that incorporates orthographic similarity features . maximum likelihood training is computationally expensive for the proposed log - lin ←
→ clustering by low - rank doubly stochastic matrix decomposition ; clustering analysis by nonnegative low - rank approximations has achieved remarkable progress in the past decade . however , most approximation approaches in this direction are still restricted to matrix factorization . we propose a new low - rank learning method to improve the clustering performance , which is beyond matrix factorization . the approximation is based on a two - step bipartite random walk through virtual cluster nodes , where the approximat ←
→ bayesian rose trees ; hierarchical structure is ubiquitous in data across many domains . there are many hierarchical clustering methods , frequently used by domain experts , which strive to discover this structure . however , most of these methods limit discoverable hierarchies to those with binary branching structure . this limitation , while computationally convenient , is often undesirable . in this paper we explore a bayesian hierarchical clustering algorithm that can produce trees with arbitrary branching struc ←
→ optimal rates for multi - pass stochastic gradient methods ; we analyze the learning properties of the stochastic gradient method when multiple passes over the data and mini - batches are allowed . we study how regularization properties are controlled by the step - size , the number of passes and the mini - batch size . in particular , we consider the square loss and show that for a universal step - size choice , the number of passes acts as a regularization parameter , and optimal finite sample bounds can be achieved by e ←
→ learning from multiple outlooks ; we propose a novel problem formulation of learning a single task when the data are provided in different feature spaces . each such space is called an outlook , and is assumed to contain both labeled and unlabeled data . the objective is to take advantage of the data from all the outlooks to better classify each of the outlooks . we devise an algorithm that computes optimal affine mappings from different outlooks to a target outlook by matching moments of the empirical distribu ←
→ defaults and normality in causal structures ; a serious defect with the halpern - pearl ( hp ) definition of causality is repaired by combining a theory of causality with a theory of defaults . in addition , it is shown that ( despite a claim to the contrary ) a cause according to the hp condition need not be a single conjunct . a definition of causality motivated by wright ' s ness test is shown to always hold for a single conjunct . moreover , conditions that hold for all the examples considered by hp are given that g ←
→ trannsformer : neural network transformation for memristive crossbar based neuromorphic system design ; implementation of neuromorphic systems using post complementary metal - oxide - semiconductor ( cmos ) technology based memristive crossbar array ( mca ) has emerged as a promising solution to enable low - power acceleration of neural networks . however , the recent trend to design deep neural networks ( dnns ) for achieving human - like cognitive abilities poses significant challenges towards the scalable design of neu ←
→ triplet - center loss for multi - view 3d object retrieval ; most existing 3d object recognition algorithms focus on leveraging the strong discriminative power of deep learning models with softmax loss for the classification of 3d data , while learning discriminative features with deep metric learning for 3d object retrieval is more or less neglected . in the paper , we study variants of deep metric learning losses for 3d object retrieval , which did not receive enough attention from this area . first , two kinds of ←
→ neural voice cloning with a few samples ; voice cloning is a highly desired feature for personalized speech interfaces . neural network based speech synthesis has been shown to generate high quality speech for a large number of speakers . in this paper , we introduce a neural voice cloning system that takes a few audio samples as input . we study two approaches : speaker adaptation and speaker encoding . speaker adaptation is based on fine - tuning a multi - speaker generative model with a few cloning samples . speake ←
→ strong equivalence made easy : nested expressions and weight constraints ; logic programs p and q are strongly equivalent if , given any program r , programs p union r and q union r are equivalent ( that is , have the same answer sets ). strong equivalence is convenient for the study of equivalent transformations of logic programs : one can prove that a local change is correct without considering the whole program . lifschitz , pearce and valverde showed that heyting ' s logic of here - and - there can be used to characte ←
→ dialogue act modeling for automatic tagging and recognition of conversational speech ; we describe a statistical approach for modeling dialogue acts in conversational speech , i . e ., speech - act - like units such as statement , question , backchannel , agreement , disagreement , and apology . our model detects and predicts dialogue acts based on lexical , collocational , and prosodic cues , as well as on the discourse coherence of the dialogue act sequence . the dialogue model is based on treating the discourse structur ←
→ home : a household multimodal environment ; we introduce home : a household multimodal environment for artificial agents to learn from vision , audio , semantics , physics , and interaction with objects and other agents , all within a realistic context . home integrates over 45 , 000 diverse 3d house layouts based on the suncg dataset , a scale which may facilitate learning , generalization , and transfer . home is an open - source , openai gym - compatible platform extensible to tasks in reinforcement learning , language grou ←
→ cuckoo search : a brief literature review ; cuckoo search ( cs ) was introduced in 2009 , and it has attracted great attention due to its promising efficiency in solving many optimization problems and real - world applications . in the last few years , many papers have been published regarding cuckoo search , and the relevant literature has expanded significantly . this chapter summarizes briefly the majority of the literature about cuckoo search in peer - reviewed journals and conferences found so far . these reference ←
→ automated planning in repeated adversarial games ; game theory ' s prescriptive power typically relies on full rationality and / or self - play interactions . in contrast , this work sets aside these fundamental premises and focuses instead on heterogeneous autonomous interactions between two or more agents . specifically , we introduce a new and concise representation for repeated adversarial ( constant - sum ) games that highlight the necessary features that enable an automated planing agent to reason about how to scor ←
→ evolving genes to balance a pole ; we discuss how to use a genetic regulatory network as an evolutionary representation to solve a typical gp reinforcement problem , the pole balancing . the network is a modified version of an artificial regulatory network proposed a few years ago , and the task could be solved only by finding a proper way of connecting inputs and outputs to the network . we show that the representation is able to generalize well over the problem domain , and discuss the performance of different ←
→ deeporgan : multi - level deep convolutional networks for automated pancreas segmentation ; automatic organ segmentation is an important yet challenging problem for medical image analysis . the pancreas is an abdominal organ with very high anatomical variability . this inhibits previous segmentation methods from achieving high accuracies , especially compared to other organs such as the liver , heart or kidneys . in this paper , we present a probabilistic bottom - up approach for pancreas segmentation in abdominal c ←
→ 3d image reconstruction from x - ray measurements with overlap ; 3d image reconstruction from a set of x - ray projections is an important image reconstruction problem , with applications in medical imaging , industrial inspection and airport security . the innovation of x - ray emitter arrays allows for a novel type of x - ray scanners with multiple simultaneously emitting sources . however , two or more sources emitting at the same time can yield measurements from overlapping rays , imposing a new type of image reconst ←
→ context - aware hypergraph construction for robust spectral clustering ; spectral clustering is a powerful tool for unsupervised data analysis . in this paper , we propose a context - aware hypergraph similarity measure ( cahsm ), which leads to robust spectral clustering in the case of noisy data . we construct three types of hypergraph --- the pairwise hypergraph , the k - nearest - neighbor ( knn ) hypergraph , and the high - order over - clustering hypergraph . the pairwise hypergraph captures the pairwise similarity of data p ←
→ an optimization framework for semi - supervised and transfer learning using multiple classifiers and clusterers ; unsupervised models can provide supplementary soft constraints to help classify new , " target " data since similar instances in the target set are more likely to share the same class label . such models can also help detect possible differences between training and target distributions , which is useful in applications where concept drift may take place , as in transfer learning settings . this paper ←
→ residual component analysis ; probabilistic principal component analysis ( ppca ) seeks a low dimensional representation of a data set in the presence of independent spherical gaussian noise , sigma = ( sigma ^ 2 )* i . the maximum likelihood solution for the model is an eigenvalue problem on the sample covariance matrix . in this paper we consider the situation where the data variance is already partially explained by other factors , e . g . covariates of interest , or temporal correlations leaving some residual variance ←
→ neural aesthetic image reviewer ; recently , there is a rising interest in perceiving image aesthetics . the existing works deal with image aesthetics as a classification or regression problem . to extend the cognition from rating to reasoning , a deeper understanding of aesthetics should be based on revealing why a high - or low - aesthetic score should be assigned to an image . from such a point of view , we propose a model referred to as neural aesthetic image reviewer , which can not only give an aesthetic score ←
→ an xml based document suite ; we report about the current state of development of a document suite and its applications . this collection of tools for the flexible and robust processing of documents in german is based on the use of xml as unifying formalism for encoding input and output data as well as process information . it is organized in modules with limited responsibilities that can easily be combined into pipelines to solve complex tasks . strong emphasis is laid on a number of techniques to deal with l ←
→ population fluctuation promotes cooperation in networks ; we consider the problem of explaining the emergence and evolution of cooperation in dynamic network - structured populations . building on seminal work by poncela et al , which shows how cooperation ( in one - shot prisoner ' s dilemma ) is supported in growing populations by an evolutionary preferential attachment ( epa ) model , we investigate the effect of fluctuations in the population size . we find that the fluctuating model is more robust than poncela et al ←
→ a statistical model for tensor pca ; we consider the principal component analysis problem for large tensors of arbitrary order $ k $ under a single - spike ( or rank - one plus noise ) model . on the one hand , we use information theory , and recent results in probability theory , to establish necessary and sufficient conditions under which the principal component can be estimated using unbounded computational resources . it turns out that this is possible as soon as the signal - to - noise ratio $\ beta $ becomes larger than ←
→ an all - in - one network for dehazing and beyond ; this paper proposes an image dehazing model built with a convolutional neural network ( cnn ), called all - in - one dehazing network ( aod - net ). it is designed based on a re - formulated atmospheric scattering model . instead of estimating the transmission matrix and the atmospheric light separately as most previous models did , aod - net directly generates the clean image through a light - weight cnn . such a novel end - to - end design makes it easy to embed aod - net into other ←
→ a neural network approach to missing marker reconstruction ; optical motion capture systems have become a widely used technology in various fields , such as augmented reality , robotics , movie production , etc . such systems use a large number of cameras to triangulate the position of optical markers . these are then used to reconstruct the motion of rigid objects or human articulated bodies , to which the markers are attached . the marker positions are estimated with high accuracy . however , especially when trac ←
→ performance prediction and optimization of solar water heater via a knowledge - based machine learning method ; measuring the performance of solar energy and heat transfer systems requires a lot of time , economic cost and manpower . meanwhile , directly predicting their performance is challenging due to the complicated internal structures . fortunately , a knowledge - based machine learning method can provide a promising prediction and optimization strategy for the performance of energy systems . in this chapter , ←
→ distribution - dependent concentration inequalities for tighter generalization bounds ; concentration inequalities are indispensable tools for studying the generalization capacity of learning models . hoeffding ' s and mcdiarmid ' s inequalities are commonly used , giving bounds independent of the data distribution . although this makes them widely applicable , a drawback is that the bounds can be too loose in some specific cases . although efforts have been devoted to improving the bounds , we find that the bounds c ←
→ model compression for faster structural separation of macromolecules captured by cellular electron cryo - tomography ; electron cryo - tomography ( ect ) enables 3d visualization of macromolecule structure inside single cells . macromolecule classification approaches based on convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) were developed to separate millions of macromolecules captured from ect systematically . however , given the fast accumulation of ect data , it will soon become necessary to use cnn models to efficiently and ←
→ learning through deterministic assignment of hidden parameters ; supervised learning frequently boils down to determining hidden and bright parameters in a parameterized hypothesis space based on finite input - output samples . the hidden parameters determine the attributions of hidden predictors or the nonlinear mechanism of an estimator , while the bright parameters characterize how hidden predictors are linearly combined or the linear mechanism . in traditional learning paradigm , hidden and bright parameters ←
→ an ant - based model for multiple sequence alignment ; multiple sequence alignment is a key process in today ' s biology , and finding a relevant alignment of several sequences is much more challenging than just optimizing some improbable evaluation functions . our approach for addressing multiple sequence alignment focuses on the building of structures in a new graph model : the factor graph model . this model relies on block - based formulation of the original problem , formulation that seems to be one of the most s ←
→ temporal convolution based action proposal : submission to activitynet 2017 ; in this notebook paper , we describe our approach in the submission to the temporal action proposal ( task 3 ) and temporal action localization ( task 4 ) of activitynet challenge hosted at cvpr 2017 . since the accuracy in action classification task is already very high ( nearly 90 % in activitynet dataset ), we believe that the main bottleneck for temporal action localization is the quality of action proposals . therefore , we mainly focu ←
→ pbgen : partial binarization of deconvolution - based generators for edge intelligence ; this work explores the binarization of the deconvolution - based generator in a gan for memory saving and speedup of image construction . our study suggests that different from convolutional neural networks ( including the discriminator ) where all layers can be binarized , only some of the layers in the generator can be binarized without significant performance loss . supported by theoretical analysis and verified by experimen ←
→ english - lithuanian - english machine translation lexicon and engine : current state and future work ; this article overviews the current state of the english - lithuanian - english machine translation system . the first part of the article describes the problems that system poses today and what actions will be taken to solve them in the future . the second part of the article tackles the main issue of the translation process . article briefly overviews the word sense disambiguation for mt technique using google .←
→ robust grammatical analysis for spoken dialogue systems ; we argue that grammatical analysis is a viable alternative to concept spotting for processing spoken input in a practical spoken dialogue system . we discuss the structure of the grammar , and a model for robust parsing which combines linguistic sources of information and statistical sources of information . we discuss test results suggesting that grammatical processing allows fast and accurate processing of spoken input .←
→ improving legal information retrieval by distributional composition with term order probabilities ; legal professionals worldwide are currently trying to get up - to - pace with the explosive growth in legal document availability through digital means . this drives a need for high efficiency legal information retrieval ( ir ) and question answering ( qa ) methods . the ir task in particular has a set of unique challenges that invite the use of semantic motivated nlp techniques . in this work , a two - stage method for ←
→ sequence - to - sequence neural network models for transliteration ; transliteration is a key component of machine translation systems and software internationalization . this paper demonstrates that neural sequence - to - sequence models obtain state of the art or close to state of the art results on existing datasets . in an effort to make machine transliteration accessible , we open source a new arabic to english transliteration dataset and our trained models .←
→ think locally , act globally : perfectly balanced graph partitioning ; we present a novel local improvement scheme for the perfectly balanced graph partitioning problem . this scheme encodes local searches that are not restricted to a balance constraint into a model allowing us to find combinations of these searches maintaining balance by applying a negative cycle detection algorithm . we combine this technique with an algorithm to balance unbalanced solutions and integrate it into a parallel multi - level evolut ←
→ efficient deep aesthetic image classification using connected local and global features ; in this paper we investigate the aesthetic image classification problem , also known as automatically classifying an image into low or high aesthetic quality , which is quite a challenging problem . considering both the local and global information of images is quite important for image aesthetic quality assessment . currently , a powerful inception module is proposed which shows very high performance in object classifica ←
→ a deep recurrent framework for cleaning motion capture data ; we present a deep , bidirectional , recurrent framework for cleaning noisy and incomplete motion capture data . it exploits temporal coherence and joint correlations to infer adaptive filters for each joint in each frame . a single model can be trained to denoise a heterogeneous mix of action types , under substantial amounts of noise . a signal that has both noise and gaps is preprocessed with a second bidirectional network that synthesizes missing fr ←
→ learning to drive using inverse reinforcement learning and deep q - networks ; we propose an inverse reinforcement learning ( irl ) approach using deep q - networks to extract the rewards in problems with large state spaces . we evaluate the performance of this approach in a simulation - based autonomous driving scenario . our results resemble the intuitive relation between the reward function and readings of distance sensors mounted at different poses on the car . we also show that , after a few learning rounds , our ←
→ convolutional recurrent neural networks for small - footprint keyword spotting ; keyword spotting ( kws ) constitutes a major component of human - technology interfaces . maximizing the detection accuracy at a low false alarm ( fa ) rate , while minimizing the footprint size , latency and complexity are the goals for kws . towards achieving them , we study convolutional recurrent neural networks ( crnns ). inspired by large - scale state - of - the - art speech recognition systems , we combine the strengths of convolutional laye ←
→ free energy and the generalized optimality equations for sequential decision making ; the free energy functional has recently been proposed as a variational principle for bounded rational decision - making , since it instantiates a natural trade - off between utility gains and information processing costs that can be axiomatically derived . here we apply the free energy principle to general decision trees that include both adversarial and stochastic environments . we derive generalized sequential optimality equa ←
→ automated top view registration of broadcast football videos ; in this paper , we propose a novel method to register football broadcast video frames on the static top view model of the playing surface . the proposed method is fully automatic in contrast to the current state of the art which requires manual initialization of point correspondences between the image and the static model . automatic registration using existing approaches has been difficult due to the lack of sufficient point correspondences . we in ←
→ loglinear models for first - order probabilistic reasoning ; recent work on loglinear models in probabilistic constraint logic programming is applied to first - order probabilistic reasoning . probabilities are defined directly on the proofs of atomic formulae , and by marginalisation on the atomic formulae themselves . we use stochastic logic programs ( slps ) composed of labelled and unlabelled definite clauses to define the proof probabilities . we have a conservative extension of first - order reasoning , so that , f ←
→ densereg : fully convolutional dense shape regression in - the - wild ; in this work we use deep learning to establish dense correspondences between a 3d object model and an image " in the wild ". we introduce " densereg ", a fully - convolutional neural network ( f - cnn ) that densely regresses at every foreground pixel a pair of u - v template coordinates in a single feedforward pass . to train densereg we construct a supervision signal by combining 3d deformable model fitting and 2d landmark annotations . we define the re ←
→ deep learning for tumor classification in imaging mass spectrometry ; motivation : tumor classification using imaging mass spectrometry ( ims ) data has a high potential for future applications in pathology . due to the complexity and size of the data , automated feature extraction and classification steps are required to fully process the data . deep learning offers an approach to learn feature extraction and classification combined in a single model . commonly these steps are handled separately in ims data analy ←
→ fast acquisition for quantitative mri maps : sparse recovery from non - linear measurements ; this work addresses the problem of estimating proton density and t1 maps from two partially sampled k - space scans such that the total acquisition time remains approximately the same as a single scan . existing multi parametric non linear curve fitting techniques require a large number ( 8 or more ) of echoes to estimate the maps resulting in prolonged ( clinically infeasible ) acquisition times . our simulation results sh ←
→ weakly supervised action learning with rnn based fine - to - coarse modeling ; we present an approach for weakly supervised learning of human actions . given a set of videos and an ordered list of the occurring actions , the goal is to infer start and end frames of the related action classes within the video and to train the respective action classifiers without any need for hand labeled frame boundaries . to address this task , we propose a combination of a discriminative representation of subactions , modeled by a ←
→ eegnet : a compact convolutional network for eeg - based brain - computer interfaces ; brain computer interfaces ( bci ) enable direct communication with a computer , using neural activity as the control signal . this signal is generally chosen from a variety of well - studied electroencephalogram ( eeg ) signals . for a given bci paradigm , feature extractors and classifiers are tailored to the distinct characteristics of its expected eeg control signal , limiting its application to that specific signal . convolutional n ←
→ graph - cut ransac ; a novel method for robust estimation , called graph - cut ransac , gc - ransac in short , is introduced . to separate inliers and outliers , it runs the graph - cut algorithm in the local optimization ( lo ) step which is applied when a so - far - the - best model is found . the proposed lo step is conceptually simple , easy to implement , globally optimal and efficient . gc - ransac is shown experimentally , both on synthesized tests and real image pairs , to be more geometrically accurate than state - of - the - art me ←
→ procedural modeling and physically based rendering for synthetic data generation in automotive applications ; we present an overview and evaluation of a new , systematic approach for generation of highly realistic , annotated synthetic data for training of deep neural networks in computer vision tasks . the main contribution is a procedural world modeling approach enabling high variability coupled with physically accurate image synthesis , and is a departure from the hand - modeled virtual worlds and approximat ←
→ vector - space markov random fields via exponential families ; we present vector - space markov random fields ( vs - mrfs ), a novel class of undirected graphical models where each variable can belong to an arbitrary vector space . vs - mrfs generalize a recent line of work on scalar - valued , uni - parameter exponential family and mixed graphical models , thereby greatly broadening the class of exponential families available ( e . g ., allowing multinomial and dirichlet distributions ). specifically , vs - mrfs are the joint grap ←
→ kalman temporal differences ; because reinforcement learning suffers from a lack of scalability , online value ( and q -) function approximation has received increasing interest this last decade . this contribution introduces a novel approximation scheme , namely the kalman temporal differences ( ktd ) framework , that exhibits the following features : sample - efficiency , non - linear approximation , non - stationarity handling and uncertainty management . a first ktd - based algorithm is provided for deterministic markov de ←
→ building deep networks on grassmann manifolds ; learning representations on grassmann manifolds is popular in quite a few visual recognition tasks . in order to enable deep learning on grassmann manifolds , this paper proposes a deep network architecture by generalizing the euclidean network paradigm to grassmann manifolds . in particular , we design full rank mapping layers to transform input grassmannian data to more desirable ones , exploit re - orthonormalization layers to normalize the resulting matrices , stu ←
→ weighted motion averaging for the registration of multi - view range scans ; multi - view registration is a fundamental but challenging problem in 3d reconstruction and robot vision . although the original motion averaging algorithm has been introduced as an effective means to solve the multi - view registration problem , it does not consider the reliability and accuracy of each relative motion . accordingly , this paper proposes a novel motion averaging algorithm for multi - view registration . firstly , it utilizes the ←
→ some properties of the ukrainian writing system ; we investigate the grapheme - phoneme relation in ukrainian and some properties of the ukrainian version of the cyrillic alphabet .←
→ webly supervised learning with category - level semantic information ; as tons of photos are being uploaded to public websites ( e . g ., flickr , bing , and google ) every day , learning from web data has become an increasingly popular research direction because of freely available web resources , which is also referred to as webly supervised learning . nevertheless , the performance gap between webly supervised learning and traditional supervised learning is still very large , owning to the label noise of web data as w ←
→ a simple but tough - to - beat baseline for the fake news challenge stance detection task ; identifying public misinformation is a complicated and challenging task . stance detection , i . e . determining the relative perspective a news source takes towards a specific claim , is an important part of evaluating the veracity of the assertion . automating the process of stance detection would arguably benefit human fact checkers . in this paper , we present our stance detection model which claimed third place in the firs ←
→ fast learning of clusters and topics via sparse posteriors ; mixture models and topic models generate each observation from a single cluster , but standard variational posteriors for each observation assign positive probability to all possible clusters . this requires dense storage and runtime costs that scale with the total number of clusters , even though typically only a few clusters have significant posterior mass for any data point . we propose a constrained family of sparse variational distributions that ←
→ matching while learning ; we consider the problem faced by a service platform that needs to match supply with demand , but also to learn attributes of new arrivals in order to match them better in the future . we introduce a benchmark model with heterogeneous workers and jobs that arrive over time . job types are known to the platform , but worker types are unknown and must be learned by observing match outcomes . workers depart after performing a certain number of jobs . the payoff from a match depends on the pa ←
→ efficient methods for unsupervised learning of probabilistic models ; in this thesis i develop a variety of techniques to train , evaluate , and sample from intractable and high dimensional probabilistic models . abstract exceeds arxiv space limitations -- see pdf .←
→ convnet - based localization of anatomical structures in 3d medical images ; localization of anatomical structures is a prerequisite for many tasks in medical image analysis . we propose a method for automatic localization of one or more anatomical structures in 3d medical images through detection of their presence in 2d image slices using a convolutional neural network ( convnet ). a single convnet is trained to detect presence of the anatomical structure of interest in axial , coronal , and sagittal slices ext ←
→ a deep neural architecture for sentence - level sentiment classification in twitter social networking ; this paper introduces a novel deep learning framework including a lexicon - based approach for sentence - level prediction of sentiment label distribution . we propose to first apply semantic rules and then use a deep convolutional neural network ( deepcnn ) for character - level embeddings in order to increase information for word - level embedding . after that , a bidirectional long short - term memory network ( bi - lst ←
→ fast task - specific target detection via graph based constraints representation and checking ; in this work , we present a fast target detection framework for real - world robotics applications . considering that an intelligent agent attends to a task - specific object target during execution , our goal is to detect the object efficiently . we propose the concept of early recognition , which influences the candidate proposal process to achieve fast and reliable detection performance . to check the target constraints ←
→ cascaded markov models ; this paper presents a new approach to partial parsing of context - free structures . the approach is based on markov models . each layer of the resulting structure is represented by its own markov model , and output of a lower layer is passed as input to the next higher layer . an empirical evaluation of the method yields very good results for np / pp chunking of german newspaper texts .←
→ relating input concepts to convolutional neural network decisions ; many current methods to interpret convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) use visualization techniques and words to highlight concepts of the input seemingly relevant to a cnn ' s decision . the methods hypothesize that the recognition of these concepts are instrumental in the decision a cnn reaches , but the nature of this relationship has not been well explored . to address this gap , this paper examines the quality of a concept ' s recognition by a ←
→ kernels and ensembles : perspectives on statistical learning ; since their emergence in the 1990 ' s , the support vector machine and the adaboost algorithm have spawned a wave of research in statistical machine learning . much of this new research falls into one of two broad categories : kernel methods and ensemble methods . in this expository article , i discuss the main ideas behind these two types of methods , namely how to transform linear algorithms into nonlinear ones by using kernel functions , and how to mak ←
→ object recognition from short videos for robotic perception ; deep neural networks have become the primary learning technique for object recognition . videos , unlike still images , are temporally coherent which makes the application of deep networks non - trivial . here , we investigate how motion can aid object recognition in short videos . our approach is based on long short - term memory ( lstm ) deep networks . unlike previous applications of lstms , we implement each gate as a convolution . we show that convolutiona ←
→ wide - area image geolocalization with aerial reference imagery ; we propose to use deep convolutional neural networks to address the problem of cross - view image geolocalization , in which the geolocation of a ground - level query image is estimated by matching to georeferenced aerial images . we use state - of - the - art feature representations for ground - level images and introduce a cross - view training approach for learning a joint semantic feature representation for aerial images . we also propose a network architec ←
→ bundlefusion : real - time globally consistent 3d reconstruction using on - the - fly surface re - integration ; real - time , high - quality , 3d scanning of large - scale scenes is key to mixed reality and robotic applications . however , scalability brings challenges of drift in pose estimation , introducing significant errors in the accumulated model . approaches often require hours of offline processing to globally correct model errors . recent online methods demonstrate compelling results , but suffer from : ( 1 ) needing mi ←
→ behavioral learning of aircraft landing sequencing using a society of probabilistic finite state machines ; air traffic control ( atc ) is a complex safety critical environment . a tower controller would be making many decisions in real - time to sequence aircraft . while some optimization tools exist to help the controller in some airports , even in these situations , the real sequence of the aircraft adopted by the controller is significantly different from the one proposed by the optimization algorithm . this i ←
→ memory - based lexical acquisition and processing ; current approaches to computational lexicology in language technology are knowledge - based ( competence - oriented ) and try to abstract away from specific formalisms , domains , and applications . this results in severe complexity , acquisition and reusability bottlenecks . as an alternative , we propose a particular performance - oriented approach to natural language processing based on automatic memory - based learning of linguistic ( lexical ) tasks . the consequences of ←
→ fully convolutional neural networks for dynamic object detection in grid maps ( masters thesis ) ; one of the most important parts of environment perception is the detection of obstacles in the surrounding of the vehicle . to achieve that , several sensors like radars , lidars and cameras are installed in autonomous vehicles . the produced sensor data is fused to a general representation of the surrounding . in this thesis the dynamic occupancy grid map approach of nuss et al . is used while three goals are achie ←
→ compressed sensing for longitudinal mri : an adaptive - weighted approach ; purpose : repeated brain mri scans are performed in many clinical scenarios , such as follow up of patients with tumors and therapy response assessment . in this paper , the authors show an approach to utilize former scans of the patient for the acceleration of repeated mri scans . methods : the proposed approach utilizes the possible similarity of the repeated scans in longitudinal mri studies . since similarity is not guaranteed , sampling ←
→ a quantum implementation model for artificial neural networks ; the learning process for multi layered neural networks with many nodes makes heavy demands on computational resources . in some neural network models , the learning formulas , such as the widrow - hoff formula , do not change the eigenvectors of the weight matrix while flatting the eigenvalues . in infinity , this iterative formulas result in terms formed by the principal components of the weight matrix : i . e ., the eigenvectors corresponding to the non -←
→ scalable bayesian rule lists ; we present an algorithm for building probabilistic rule lists that is two orders of magnitude faster than previous work . rule list algorithms are competitors for decision tree algorithms . they are associative classifiers , in that they are built from pre - mined association rules . they have a logical structure that is a sequence of if - then rules , identical to a decision list or one - sided decision tree . instead of using greedy splitting and pruning like decision tree algorithms , w ←
→ towards better response times and higher - quality queries in interactive knowledge base debugging ; many ai applications rely on knowledge encoded in a locigal knowledge base ( kb ). the most essential benefit of such logical kbs is the opportunity to perform automatic reasoning which however requires a kb to meet some minimal quality criteria such as consistency . without adequate tool assistance , the task of resolving such violated quality criteria in a kb can be extremely hard , especially when the problema ←
→ designing random graph models using variational autoencoders with applications to chemical design ; deep generative models have been praised for their ability to learn smooth latent representation of images , text , and audio , which can then be used to generate new , plausible data . however , current generative models are unable to work with graphs due to their unique characteristics -- their underlying structure is not euclidean or grid - like , they remain isomorphic under permutation of the nodes labels , and th ←
→ the sp theory of intelligence : an overview ; this article is an overview of the " sp theory of intelligence ". the theory aims to simplify and integrate concepts across artificial intelligence , mainstream computing and human perception and cognition , with information compression as a unifying theme . it is conceived as a brain - like system that receives ' new ' information and stores some or all of it in compressed form as ' old ' information . it is realised in the form of a computer model -- a first version of the ←
→ deep character - level click - through rate prediction for sponsored search ; predicting the click - through rate of an advertisement is a critical component of online advertising platforms . in sponsored search , the click - through rate estimates the probability that a displayed advertisement is clicked by a user after she submits a query to the search engine . commercial search engines typically rely on machine learning models trained with a large number of features to make such predictions . this is inevitably requ ←
→ discovering hidden factors of variation in deep networks ; deep learning has enjoyed a great deal of success because of its ability to learn useful features for tasks such as classification . but there has been less exploration in learning the factors of variation apart from the classification signal . by augmenting autoencoders with simple regularization terms during training , we demonstrate that standard deep architectures can discover and explicitly represent factors of variation beyond those relevant for ←
→ a combined approach based on fuzzy classification and contextual region growing to image segmentation ; we present in this paper an image segmentation approach that combines a fuzzy semantic region classification and a context based region - growing . input image is first over - segmented . then , prior domain knowledge is used to perform a fuzzy classification of these regions to provide a fuzzy semantic labeling . this allows the proposed approach to operate at high level instead of using low - level features and ←
→ clickstream analysis for crowd - based object segmentation with confidence ; with the rapidly increasing interest in machine learning based solutions for automatic image annotation , the availability of reference annotations for algorithm training is one of the major bottlenecks in the field . crowdsourcing has evolved as a valuable option for low - cost and large - scale data annotation ; however , quality control remains a major issue which needs to be addressed . to our knowledge , we are the first to analyze the an ←
→ a new continuous - time equality - constrained optimization method to avoid singularity ; in equality - constrained optimization , a standard regularity assumption is often associated with feasible point methods , namely the gradients of constraints are linearly independent . in practice , the regularity assumption may be violated . to avoid such a singularity , we propose a new projection matrix , based on which a feasible point method for the continuous - time , equality - constrained optimization problem is developed . f ←
→ revisiting decomposable submodular function minimization with incidence relations ; we introduce a new approach to decomposable submodular function minimization ( dsfm ) that exploits incidence relations . incidence relations describe which variables effectively influence the component functions , and when properly utilized , they allow for improving the convergence rates of dsfm solvers . our main results include the precise parametrization of the dsfm problem based on incidence relations , the development of n ←
→ end - to - end asr - free keyword search from speech ; end - to - end ( e2e ) systems have achieved competitive results compared to conventional hybrid hidden markov model ( hmm )- deep neural network based automatic speech recognition ( asr ) systems . such e2e systems are attractive due to the lack of dependence on alignments between input acoustic and output grapheme or hmm state sequence during training . this paper explores the design of an asr - free end - to - end system for text query - based keyword search ( kws ) from speech ←
→ an integrated semantic web service discovery and composition framework ; in this paper we present a theoretical analysis of graph - based service composition in terms of its dependency with service discovery . driven by this analysis we define a composition framework by means of integration with fine - grained i / o service discovery that enables the generation of a graph - based composition which contains the set of services that are semantically relevant for an input - output request . the proposed framework also inc ←
→ words , concepts , and the geometry of analogy ; this paper presents a geometric approach to the problem of modelling the relationship between words and concepts , focusing in particular on analogical phenomena in language and cognition . grounded in recent theories regarding geometric conceptual spaces , we begin with an analysis of existing static distributional semantic models and move on to an exploration of a dynamic approach to using high dimensional spaces of word meaning to project subspaces where analog ←
→ a supervised learning concept for reducing user interaction in passenger cars ; in this article an automation system for human - machine - interfaces ( hmi ) for setpoint adjustment using supervised learning is presented . we use hmis of multi - modal thermal conditioning systems in passenger cars as example for a complex setpoint selection system . the goal is the reduction of interaction complexity up to full automation . the approach is not limited to climate control applications but can be extended to other setp ←
→ keeping it short and simple : summarising complex event sequences with multivariate patterns ; we study how to obtain concise descriptions of discrete multivariate sequential data . in particular , how to do so in terms of rich multivariate sequential patterns that can capture potentially highly interesting ( cor ) relations between sequences . to this end we allow our pattern language to span over the domains ( alphabets ) of all sequences , allow patterns to overlap temporally , as well as allow for gaps in their ←
→ an algorithm for computing probabilistic propositions ; a method for computing probabilistic propositions is presented . it assumes the availability of a single external routine for computing the probability of one instantiated variable , given a conjunction of other instantiated variables . in particular , the method allows belief network algorithms to calculate general probabilistic propositions over nodes in the network . although in the worst case the time complexity of the method is exponential in the size ←
→ selection in scale - free small world ; in this paper we compare the performance characteristics of our selection based learning algorithm for web crawlers with the characteristics of the reinforcement learning algorithm . the task of the crawlers is to find new information on the web . the selection algorithm , called weblog update , modifies the starting url lists of our crawlers based on the found urls containing new information . the reinforcement learning algorithm modifies the url orderings of the crawlers b ←
→ multi - syllable phonotactic modelling ; this paper describes a novel approach to constructing phonotactic models . the underlying theoretical approach to phonological description is the multisyllable approach in which multiple syllable classes are defined that reflect phonotactically idiosyncratic syllable subcategories . a new finite - state formalism , ofs modelling , is used as a tool for encoding , automatically constructing and generalising phonotactic descriptions . language - independent prototype models are co ←
→ blending learning and inference in structured prediction ; in this paper we derive an efficient algorithm to learn the parameters of structured predictors in general graphical models . this algorithm blends the learning and inference tasks , which results in a significant speedup over traditional approaches , such as conditional random fields and structured support vector machines . for this purpose we utilize the structures of the predictors to describe a low dimensional structured prediction task which encour ←
→ generative adversarial networks using adaptive convolution ; most existing gans architectures that generate images use transposed convolution or resize - convolution as their upsampling algorithm from lower to higher resolution feature maps in the generator . we argue that this kind of fixed operation is problematic for gans to model objects that have very different visual appearances . we propose a novel adaptive convolution method that learns the upsampling algorithm based on the local context at each locatio ←
→ towards history - based grammars : using richer models for probabilistic parsing ; we describe a generative probabilistic model of natural language , which we call hbg , that takes advantage of detailed linguistic information to resolve ambiguity . hbg incorporates lexical , syntactic , semantic , and structural information from the parse tree into the disambiguation process in a novel way . we use a corpus of bracketed sentences , called a treebank , in combination with decision tree building to tease out the releva ←
→ visual explanations from deep 3d convolutional neural networks for alzheimer ' s disease classification ; we develop three efficient approaches for generating visual explanations from 3d convolutional neural networks ( 3d - cnns ) for alzheimer ' s disease classification . one approach conducts sensitivity analysis on hierarchical 3d image segmentation , and the other two visualize network activations on a spatial map . visual checks and a quantitative localization benchmark indicate that all approaches identify imp ←
→ indefinite kernel logistic regression ; traditionally , kernel learning methods requires positive definitiveness on the kernel , which is too strict and excludes many sophisticated similarities , that are indefinite , in multimedia area . to utilize those indefinite kernels , indefinite learning methods are of great interests . this paper aims at the extension of the logistic regression from positive semi - definite kernels to indefinite kernels . the model , called indefinite kernel logistic regression ( iklr ), keeps ←
→ faasta : a fast solver for total - variation regularization of ill - conditioned problems with application to brain imaging ; the total variation ( tv ) penalty , as many other analysis - sparsity problems , does not lead to separable factors or a proximal operatorwith a closed - form expression , such as soft thresholding for the $\ ell \ _1 $ penalty . as a result , in a variational formulation of an inverse problem or statisticallearning estimation , it leads to challenging non - smooth optimization problemsthat are often so ←
→ large scale distributed acoustic modeling with back - off n - grams ; the paper revives an older approach to acoustic modeling that borrows from n - gram language modeling in an attempt to scale up both the amount of training data and model size ( as measured by the number of parameters in the model ), to approximately 100 times larger than current sizes used in automatic speech recognition . in such a data - rich setting , we can expand the phonetic context significantly beyond triphones , as well as increase the numbe ←
→ improved abusive comment moderation with user embeddings ; experimenting with a dataset of approximately 1 . 6m user comments from a greek news sports portal , we explore how a state of the art rnn - based moderation method can be improved by adding user embeddings , user type embeddings , user biases , or user type biases . we observe improvements in all cases , with user embeddings leading to the biggest performance gains .←
→ balancing bike sharing systems ( bbss ): instance generation from the citibike nyc data ; bike sharing systems are a very popular means to provide bikes to citizens in a simple and cheap way . the idea is to install bike stations at various points in the city , from which a registered user can easily loan a bike by removing it from a specialized rack . after the ride , the user may return the bike at any station ( if there is a free rack ). services of this kind are mainly public or semi - public , often aimed at in ←
→ weakly supervised learning of objects , attributes and their associations ; when humans describe images they tend to use combinations of nouns and adjectives , corresponding to objects and their associated attributes respectively . to generate such a description automatically , one needs to model objects , attributes and their associations . conventional methods require strong annotation of object and attribute locations , making them less scalable . in this paper , we model object - attribute associations from weakly ←
→ deep - anomaly : fully convolutional neural network for fast anomaly detection in crowded scenes ; the detection of abnormal behaviours in crowded scenes has to deal with many challenges . this paper presents an efficient method for detection and localization of anomalies in videos . using fully convolutional neural networks ( fcns ) and temporal data , a pre - trained supervised fcn is transferred into an unsupervised fcn ensuring the detection of ( global ) anomalies in scenes . high performance in terms of speed an ←
→ dr2 - net : deep residual reconstruction network for image compressive sensing ; most traditional algorithms for compressive sensing image reconstruction suffer from the intensive computation . recently , deep learning - based reconstruction algorithms have been reported , which dramatically reduce the time complexity than iterative reconstruction algorithms . in this paper , we propose a novel \ textbf { d } eep \ textbf { r } esidual \ textbf { r } econstruction network ( dr $^{ 2 }$- net ) to reconstruct the image from its compressi ←
→ loopy belief propogation and gibbs measures ; we address the question of convergence in the loopy belief propagation ( lbp ) algorithm . specifically , we relate convergence of lbp to the existence of a weak limit for a sequence of gibbs measures defined on the lbp s associated computation tree . using tools from the theory of gibbs measures we develop easily testable sufficient conditions for convergence . the failure of convergence of lbp implies the existence of multiple phases for the associated gibbs specifica ←
→ coping with construals in broad - coverage semantic annotation of adpositions ; we consider the semantics of prepositions , revisiting a broad - coverage annotation scheme used for annotating all 4 , 250 preposition tokens in a 55 , 000 word corpus of english . attempts to apply the scheme to adpositions and case markers in other languages , as well as some problematic cases in english , have led us to reconsider the assumption that a preposition ' s lexical contribution is equivalent to the role / relation that it media ←
→ evaluating word embeddings for sentence boundary detection in speech transcripts ; this paper is motivated by the automation of neuropsychological tests involving discourse analysis in the retellings of narratives by patients with potential cognitive impairment . in this scenario the task of sentence boundary detection in speech transcripts is important as discourse analysis involves the application of natural language processing tools , such as taggers and parsers , which depend on the sentence as a process ←
→ attentive tensor product learning for language generation and grammar parsing ; this paper proposes a new architecture - attentive tensor product learning ( atpl ) - to represent grammatical structures in deep learning models . atpl is a new architecture to bridge this gap by exploiting tensor product representations ( tpr ), a structured neural - symbolic model developed in cognitive science , aiming to integrate deep learning with explicit language structures and rules . the key ideas of atpl are : 1 ) unsupervise ←
→ characterising equilibrium logic and nested logic programs : reductions and complexity ; equilibrium logic is an approach to nonmonotonic reasoning that extends the stable - model and answer - set semantics for logic programs . in particular , it includes the general case of nested logic programs , where arbitrary boolean combinations are permitted in heads and bodies of rules , as special kinds of theories . in this paper , we present polynomial reductions of the main reasoning tasks associated with equilibrium log ←
→ real - time emotion recognition for gaming using deep convolutional network features ; the goal of the present study is to explore the application of deep convolutional network features to emotion recognition . results indicate that they perform similarly to other published models at a best recognition rate of 94 . 4 %, and do so with a single still image rather than a video stream . an implementation of an affective feedback game is also described , where a classifier using these features tracks the facial expre ←
→ dis - s2v : discourse informed sen2vec ; vector representation of sentences is important for many text processing tasks that involve clustering , classifying , or ranking sentences . recently , distributed representation of sentences learned by neural models from unlabeled data has been shown to outperform the traditional bag - of - words representation . however , most of these learning methods consider only the content of a sentence and disregard the relations among sentences in a discourse by and large . in this pap ←
→ explorations in engagement for humans and robots ; this paper explores the concept of engagement , the process by which individuals in an interaction start , maintain and end their perceived connection to one another . the paper reports on one aspect of engagement among human interactors -- the effect of tracking faces during an interaction . it also describes the architecture of a robot that can participate in conversational , collaborative interactions with engagement gestures . finally , the paper reports on find ←
→ on the phase transition of finding a biclique in a larger bipartite graph ; we report on the phase transition of finding a complete subgraph , of specified dimensions , in a bipartite graph . finding a complete subgraph in a bipartite graph is a problem that has growing attention in several domains , including bioinformatics , social network analysis and domain clustering . a key step for a successful phase transition study is identifying a suitable order parameter , when none is known . to this purpose , we have ←
→ adversarial networks for prostate cancer detection ; the large number of trainable parameters of deep neural networks renders them inherently data hungry . this characteristic heavily challenges the medical imaging community and to make things even worse , many imaging modalities are ambiguous in nature leading to rater - dependant annotations that current loss formulations fail to capture . we propose employing adversarial training for segmentation networks in order to alleviate aforementioned problems . we lear ←
→ autoregressive moving average graph filtering ; one of the cornerstones of the field of signal processing on graphs are graph filters , direct analogues of classical filters , but intended for signals defined on graphs . this work brings forth new insights on the distributed graph filtering problem . we design a family of autoregressive moving average ( arma ) recursions , which ( i ) are able to approximate any desired graph frequency response , and ( ii ) give exact solutions for tasks such as graph signal denoising ←
→ learning language representations for typology prediction ; one central mystery of neural nlp is what neural models " know " about their subject matter . when a neural machine translation system learns to translate from one language to another , does it learn the syntax or semantics of the languages ? can this knowledge be extracted from the system to fill holes in human scientific knowledge ? existing typological databases contain relatively full feature specifications for only a few hundred languages . exploitin ←
→ deformable registration through learning of context - specific metric aggregation ; we propose a novel weakly supervised discriminative algorithm for learning context specific registration metrics as a linear combination of conventional similarity measures . conventional metrics have been extensively used over the past two decades and therefore both their strengths and limitations are known . the challenge is to find the optimal relative weighting ( or parameters ) of different metrics forming the similarity me ←
→ probabilistic programming with gaussian process memoization ; gaussian processes ( gps ) are widely used tools in statistics , machine learning , robotics , computer vision , and scientific computation . however , despite their popularity , they can be difficult to apply ; all but the simplest classification or regression applications require specification and inference over complex covariance functions that do not admit simple analytical posteriors . this paper shows how to embed gaussian processes in any higher - orde ←
→ pedestrian detection with spatially pooled features and structured ensemble learning ; many typical applications of object detection operate within a prescribed false - positive range . in this situation the performance of a detector should be assessed on the basis of the area under the roc curve over that range , rather than over the full curve , as the performance outside the range is irrelevant . this measure is labelled as the partial area under the roc curve ( pauc ). we propose a novel ensemble learning met ←
→ using variable threshold to increase capacity in a feedback neural network ; the article presents new results on the use of variable thresholds to increase the capacity of a feedback neural network . non - binary networks are also considered in this analysis .←
→ distributed representation of subgraphs ; network embeddings have become very popular in learning effective feature representations of networks . motivated by the recent successes of embeddings in natural language processing , researchers have tried to find network embeddings in order to exploit machine learning algorithms for mining tasks like node classification and edge prediction . however , most of the work focuses on finding distributed representations of nodes , which are inherently ill - suited to tasks su ←
→ automatic pronunciation generation by utilizing a semi - supervised deep neural networks ; phonemic or phonetic sub - word units are the most commonly used atomic elements to represent speech signals in modern asrs . however they are not the optimal choice due to several reasons such as : large amount of effort required to handcraft a pronunciation dictionary , pronunciation variations , human mistakes and under - resourced dialects and languages . here , we propose a data - driven pronunciation estimation and acoustic ←
→ histogram meets topic model : density estimation by mixture of histograms ; the histogram method is a powerful non - parametric approach for estimating the probability density function of a continuous variable . but the construction of a histogram , compared to the parametric approaches , demands a large number of observations to capture the underlying density function . thus it is not suitable for analyzing a sparse data set , a collection of units with a small size of data . in this paper , by employing the probabi ←
→ boundary flow : a siamese network that predicts boundary motion without training on motion ; this paper addresses a new problem of joint object boundary detection and boundary motion estimation in videos , which we named boundary flow estimation . boundary flow is an important mid - level visual cue as boundaries characterize objects spatial extents , and the flow indicates objects motions and interactions . yet , most prior work on motion estimation has focused on dense object motion or feature points that may n ←
→ valence extraction using em selection and co - occurrence matrices ; this paper discusses two new procedures for extracting verb valences from raw texts , with an application to the polish language . the first novel technique , the em selection algorithm , performs unsupervised disambiguation of valence frame forests , obtained by applying a non - probabilistic deep grammar parser and some post - processing to the text . the second new idea concerns filtering of incorrect frames detected in the parsed text and is motiv ←
→ nearly optimal minimax tree search ? ; knuth and moore presented a theoretical lower bound on the number of leaves that any fixed - depth minimax tree - search algorithm traversing a uniform tree must explore , the so - called minimal tree . since real - life minimax trees are not uniform , the exact size of this tree is not known for most applications . further , most games have transpositions , implying that there exists a minimal graph which is smaller than the minimal tree . for three games ( chess , othello and checkers ←
→ map complexity results and approximation methods ; map is the problem of finding a most probable instantiation of a set of nvariables in a bayesian network , given some evidence . map appears to be a significantly harder problem than the related problems of computing the probability of evidence pr , or mpe a special case of map . because of the complexity of map , and the lack of viable algorithms to approximate it , map computations are generally avoided by practitioners . this paper investigates the complexity of ←
→ a unifying survey of reinforced , sensitive and stigmergic agent - based approaches for e - gtsp ; the generalized traveling salesman problem ( gtsp ) is one of the np - hard combinatorial optimization problems . a variant of gtsp is e - gtsp where e , meaning equality , has the constraint : exactly one node from a cluster of a graph partition is visited . the main objective of the e - gtsp is to find a minimum cost tour passing through exactly one node from each cluster of an undirected graph . agent - based approaches invol ←
→ guided policy exploration for markov decision processes using an uncertainty - based value - of - information criterion ; reinforcement learning in environments with many action - state pairs is challenging . at issue is the number of episodes needed to thoroughly search the policy space . most conventional heuristics address this search problem in a stochastic manner . this can leave large portions of the policy space unvisited during the early training stages . in this paper , we propose an uncertainty - based , inform ←
→ bandits with knapsacks ; multi - armed bandit problems are the predominant theoretical model of exploration - exploitation tradeoffs in learning , and they have countless applications ranging from medical trials , to communication networks , to web search and advertising . in many of these application domains the learner may be constrained by one or more supply ( or budget ) limits , in addition to the customary limitation on the time horizon . the literature lacks a general model encompassing these sorts of problems . ←
→ cascaded region - based densely connected network for event detection : a seismic application ; automatic event detection from time series signals has wide applications , such as abnormal event detection in video surveillance and event detection in geophysical data . traditional detection methods detect events primarily by the use of similarity and correlation in data . those methods can be inefficient and yield low accuracy . in recent years , because of the significantly increased computational power , machine l ←
→ bistatic sar atr ; with the present revival of interest in bistatic radar systems , research in that area has gained momentum . given some of the strategic advantages for a bistatic configuration , and tech - nological advances in the past few years , large - scale implementation of the bistatic systems is a scope for the near future . if the bistatic systems are to replace the monostatic systems ( at least par - tially ), then all the existing usages of a monostatic system should be manageable in a bistatic system . a ←
→ flexible modeling of latent task structures in multitask learning ; multitask learning algorithms are typically designed assuming some fixed , a priori known latent structure shared by all the tasks . however , it is usually unclear what type of latent task structure is the most appropriate for a given multitask learning problem . ideally , the " right " latent task structure should be learned in a data - driven manner . we present a flexible , nonparametric bayesian model that posits a mixture of factor analyzers str ←
→ an empirical analysis of multiple - turn reasoning strategies in reading comprehension tasks ; reading comprehension ( rc ) is a challenging task that requires synthesis of information across sentences and multiple turns of reasoning . using a state - of - the - art rc model , we empirically investigate the performance of single - turn and multiple - turn reasoning on the squad and ms marco datasets . the rc model is an end - to - end neural network with iterative attention , and uses reinforcement learning to dynamically cont ←
→ a reductions approach to fair classification ; we present a systematic approach for achieving fairness in a binary classification setting . while we focus on two well - known quantitative definitions of fairness , our approach encompasses many other previously studied definitions as special cases . our approach works by reducing fair classification to a sequence of cost - sensitive classification problems , whose solutions yield a randomized classifier with the lowest ( empirical ) error subject to the desired constr ←
→ customizable contraction hierarchies ; we consider the problem of quickly computing shortest paths in weighted graphs given auxiliary data derived in an expensive preprocessing phase . by adding a fast weight - customization phase , we extend contraction hierarchies by geisberger et al to support the three - phase workflow introduced by delling et al . our customizable contraction hierarchies use nested dissection orders as suggested by bauer et al . we provide an in - depth experimental analysis on large road and ga ←
→ perceiving and reasoning about liquids using fully convolutional networks ; liquids are an important part of many common manipulation tasks in human environments . if we wish to have robots that can accomplish these types of tasks , they must be able to interact with liquids in an intelligent manner . in this paper , we investigate ways for robots to perceive and reason about liquids . that is , a robot asks the questions what in the visual data stream is liquid ? and how can i use that to infer all the potentia ←
→ negative binomial matrix factorization for recommender systems ; we introduce negative binomial matrix factorization ( nbmf ), a matrix factorization technique specially designed for analyzing over - dispersed count data . it can be viewed as an extension of poisson matrix factorization ( pf ) perturbed by a multiplicative term which models exposure . this term brings a degree of freedom for controlling the dispersion , making nbmf more robust to outliers . we show that nbmf allows to skip traditional pre - processing ←
→ protvec : a continuous distributed representation of biological sequences ; we introduce a new representation and feature extraction method for biological sequences . named bio - vectors ( biovec ) to refer to biological sequences in general with protein - vectors ( protvec ) for proteins ( amino - acid sequences ) and gene - vectors ( genevec ) for gene sequences , this representation can be widely used in applications of deep learning in proteomics and genomics . in the present paper , we focus on protein - vectors that can be ←
→ estimating the coefficients of a mixture of two linear regressions by expectation maximization ; we give convergence guarantees for estimating the coefficients of a symmetric mixture of two linear regressions by expectation maximization ( em ). in particular , we show that convergence of the empirical iterates is guaranteed provided the algorithm is initialized in an unbounded cone . that is , if the initializer has a large cosine angle with the population coefficient vector and the signal to noise ratio ( snr )←
→ image dataset for visual objects classification in 3d printing ; the rapid development in additive manufacturing ( am ), also known as 3d printing , has brought about potential risk and security issues along with significant benefits . in order to enhance the security level of the 3d printing process , the present research aims to detect and recognize illegal components using deep learning . in this work , we collected a dataset of 61 , 340 2d images ( 28x28 for each image ) of 10 classes including guns and other non -←
→ computer vision - based recognition of liquid surfaces and phase boundaries in transparent vessels , with emphasis on chemistry applications ; the ability to recognize the liquid surface and the liquid level in transparent containers is perhaps the most commonly used evaluation method when dealing with fluids . such recognition is essential in determining the liquid volume , fill level , phase boundaries and phase separation in various fluid systems . the recognition of liquid surfaces is particularly important ←
→ a modified physarum - inspired model for the user equilibrium traffic assignment problem ; the user equilibrium traffic assignment principle is very important in the traffic assignment problem . mathematical programming models are designed to solve the user equilibrium problem in traditional algorithms . recently , the physarum shows the ability to address the user equilibrium and system optimization traffic assignment problems . however , the physarum model are not efficient in real traffic networks with two - wa ←
→ multi - stage variational auto - encoders for coarse - to - fine image generation ; variational auto - encoder ( vae ) is a powerful unsupervised learning framework for image generation . one drawback of vae is that it generates blurry images due to its gaussianity assumption and thus l2 loss . to allow the generation of high quality images by vae , we increase the capacity of decoder network by employing residual blocks and skip connections , which also enable efficient optimization . to overcome the limitation of l2 los ←
→ tree - based visualization and optimization for image collection ; the visualization of an image collection is the process of displaying a collection of images on a screen under some specific layout requirements . this paper focuses on an important problem that is not well addressed by the previous methods : visualizing image collections into arbitrary layout shapes while arranging images according to user - defined semantic or visual correlations ( e . g ., color or object category ). to this end , we first propose a ←
→ the ibmap approach for markov networks structure learning ; in this work we consider the problem of learning the structure of markov networks from data . we present an approach for tackling this problem called ibmap , together with an efficient instantiation of the approach : the ibmap - hc algorithm , designed for avoiding important limitations of existing independence - based algorithms . these algorithms proceed by performing statistical independence tests on data , trusting completely the outcome of each test . in ←
→ informative planning and online learning with sparse gaussian processes ; a big challenge in environmental monitoring is the spatiotemporal variation of the phenomena to be observed . to enable persistent sensing and estimation in such a setting , it is beneficial to have a time - varying underlying environmental model . here we present a planning and learning method that enables an autonomous marine vehicle to perform persistent ocean monitoring tasks by learning and refining an environmental model . to alleviat ←
→ semre - rank : improving automatic term extraction by incorporating semantic relatedness with personalised pagerank ; automatic term extraction deals with the extraction of terminology from a domain specific corpus , and has long been an established research area in data and knowledge acquisition . ate remains a challenging task as it is known that there is no existing ate methods that can consistently outperform others in any domain . this work adopts a refreshed perspective to this problem : instead of searchi ←
→ anomaly detection using the knowledge - based temporal abstraction method ; the rapid growth in stored time - oriented data necessitates the development of new methods for handling , processing , and interpreting large amounts of temporal data . one important example of such processing is detecting anomalies in time - oriented data . the knowledge - based temporal abstraction method was previously proposed for intelligent interpretation of temporal data based on predefined domain knowledge . in this study we propose a f ←
→ decomposable theories ; we present in this paper a general algorithm for solving first - order formulas in particular theories called " decomposable theories ". first of all , using special quantifiers , we give a formal characterization of decomposable theories and show some of their properties . then , we present a general algorithm for solving first - order formulas in any decomposable theory " t ". the algorithm is given in the form of five rewriting rules . it transforms a first - order formula " p ", which can possibl ←
→ a novel frank - wolfe algorithm . analysis and applications to large - scale svm training ; recently , there has been a renewed interest in the machine learning community for variants of a sparse greedy approximation procedure for concave optimization known as { the frank - wolfe ( fw ) method }. in particular , this procedure has been successfully applied to train large - scale instances of non - linear support vector machines ( svms ). specializing fw to svm training has allowed to obtain efficient algorithms but also imp ←
→ interactive ant colony optimisation ( iaco ) for early lifecycle software design ; software design is crucial to successful software development , yet is a demanding multi - objective problem for software engineers . in an attempt to assist the software designer , interactive ( i . e . human in - the - loop ) meta - heuristic search techniques such as evolutionary computing have been applied and show promising results . recent investigations have also shown that ant colony optimization ( aco ) can outperform evolutionary comp ←
→ l2 - optimal image interpolation and its applications to medical imaging ; digital medical images are always displayed scaled to fit particular view . interpolation is responsible for this scaling , and if not done properly , can significantly degrade diagnostic image quality . however , theoretically - optimal interpolation algorithms may also be the most time - consuming and impractical . we propose a new approach , adapted to the needs of digital medical imaging , to combine high interpolation speed and superior l2 - op ←
→ managing multi - granular linguistic distribution assessments in large - scale multi - attribute group decision making ; linguistic large - scale group decision making ( lgdm ) problems are more and more common nowadays . in such problems a large group of decision makers are involved in the decision process and elicit linguistic information that are usually assessed in different linguistic scales with diverse granularity because of decision makers ' distinct knowledge and background . to keep maximum information in in ←
→ a method for using belief networks as influence diagrams ; this paper demonstrates a method for using belief - network algorithms to solve influence diagram problems . in particular , both exact and approximation belief - network algorithms may be applied to solve influence - diagram problems . more generally , knowing the relationship between belief - network and influence - diagram problems may be useful in the design and development of more efficient influence diagram algorithms .←
→ a semidefinite programming based search strategy for feature selection with mutual information measure ; feature subset selection , as a special case of the general subset selection problem , has been the topic of a considerable number of studies due to the growing importance of data - mining applications . in the feature subset selection problem there are two main issues that need to be addressed : ( i ) finding an appropriate measure function than can be fairly fast and robustly computed for high - dimensional da ←
→ syndromic classification of twitter messages ; recent studies have shown strong correlation between social networking data and national influenza rates . we expanded upon this success to develop an automated text mining system that classifies twitter messages in real time into six syndromic categories based on key terms from a public health ontology . 10 - fold cross validation tests were used to compare naive bayes ( nb ) and support vector machine ( svm ) models on a corpus of 7431 twitter messages . svm performed ←
→ branchynet : fast inference via early exiting from deep neural networks ; deep neural networks are state of the art methods for many learning tasks due to their ability to extract increasingly better features at each network layer . however , the improved performance of additional layers in a deep network comes at the cost of added latency and energy usage in feedforward inference . as networks continue to get deeper and larger , these costs become more prohibitive for real - time and energy - sensitive applications ←
→ surrogate model assisted cooperative coevolution for large scale optimization ; it has been shown that cooperative coevolution ( cc ) can effectively deal with large scale optimization problems ( lsops ) through a divide - and - conquer strategy . however , its performance is severely restricted by the current context - vector - based sub - solution evaluation method since this method needs to access the original high dimensional simulation model when evaluating each sub - solution and thus requires many computation resour ←
→ spatiotemporal sparse bayesian learning with applications to compressed sensing of multichannel physiological signals ; energy consumption is an important issue in continuous wireless telemonitoring of physiological signals . compressed sensing ( cs ) is a promising framework to address it , due to its energy - efficient data compression procedure . however , most cs algorithms have difficulty in data recovery due to non - sparsity characteristic of many physiological signals . block sparse bayesian learning ( bsbl ) ←
→ microplanning with communicative intentions : the spud system ; the process of microplanning encompasses a range of problems in natural language generation ( nlg ), such as referring expression generation , lexical choice , and aggregation , problems in which a generator must bridge underlying domain - specific representations and general linguistic representations . in this paper , we describe a uniform approach to microplanning based on declarative representations of a generator ' s communicative intent . these repres ←
→ off - policy evaluation for slate recommendation ; this paper studies the evaluation of policies that recommend an ordered set of items ( e . g ., a ranking ) based on some context --- a common scenario in web search , ads , and recommendation . we build on techniques from combinatorial bandits to introduce a new practical estimator that uses logged data to estimate a policy ' s performance . a thorough empirical evaluation on real - world data reveals that our estimator is accurate in a variety of settings , including as a ←
→ community recovery in hypergraphs ; community recovery is a central problem that arises in a wide variety of applications such as network clustering , motion segmentation , face clustering and protein complex detection . the objective of the problem is to cluster data points into distinct communities based on a set of measurements , each of which is associated with the values of a certain number of data points . while most of the prior works focus on a setting in which the number of data points involved in a mea ←
→ deep variation - structured reinforcement learning for visual relationship and attribute detection ; despite progress in visual perception tasks such as image classification and detection , computers still struggle to understand the interdependency of objects in the scene as a whole , e . g ., relations between objects or their attributes . existing methods often ignore global context cues capturing the interactions among different object instances , and can only recognize a handful of types by exhaustively traini ←
→ a search for improved performance in regular expressions ; the primary aim of automated performance improvement is to reduce the running time of programs while maintaining ( or improving on ) functionality . in this paper , genetic programming is used to find performance improvements in regular expressions for an array of target programs , representing the first application of automated software improvement for run - time performance in the regular expression language . this particular problem is interesting as the ←
→ automatic 3d cardiovascular mr segmentation with densely - connected volumetric convnets ; automatic and accurate whole - heart and great vessel segmentation from 3d cardiac magnetic resonance ( mr ) images plays an important role in the computer - assisted diagnosis and treatment of cardiovascular disease . however , this task is very challenging due to ambiguous cardiac borders and large anatomical variations among different subjects . in this paper , we propose a novel densely - connected volumetric convolutional ne ←
→ deep action sequence learning for causal shape transformation ; deep learning became the method of choice in recent year for solving a wide variety of predictive analytics tasks . for sequence prediction , recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) are often the go - to architecture for exploiting sequential information where the output is dependent on previous computation . however , the dependencies of the computation lie in the latent domain which may not be suitable for certain applications involving the prediction of a ←
→ extreme low resolution activity recognition with multi - siamese embedding learning ; this paper presents an approach for recognizing human activities from extreme low resolution ( e . g ., 16x12 ) videos . extreme low resolution recognition is not only necessary for analyzing actions at a distance but also is crucial for enabling privacy - preserving recognition of human activities . we design a new two - stream multi - siamese convolutional neural network . the idea is to explicitly capture the inherent property of low ←
→ stabilizing training of generative adversarial networks through regularization ; deep generative models based on generative adversarial networks ( gans ) have demonstrated impressive sample quality but in order to work they require a careful choice of architecture , parameter initialization , and selection of hyper - parameters . this fragility is in part due to a dimensional mismatch or non - overlapping support between the model distribution and the data distribution , causing their density ratio and the associat ←
→ on polynomial sized mdp succinct policies ; policies of markov decision processes ( mdps ) determine the next action to execute from the current state and , possibly , the history ( the past states ). when the number of states is large , succinct representations are often used to compactly represent both the mdps and the policies in a reduced amount of space . in this paper , some problems related to the size of succinctly represented policies are analyzed . namely , it is shown that some mdps have policies that can o ←
→ adversarial examples detection in deep networks with convolutional filter statistics ; deep learning has greatly improved visual recognition in recent years . however , recent research has shown that there exist many adversarial examples that can negatively impact the performance of such an architecture . this paper focuses on detecting those adversarial examples by analyzing whether they come from the same distribution as the normal examples . instead of directly training a deep neural network to detect adve ←
→ iranian cashes recognition using mobile ; in economical societies of today , using cash is an inseparable aspect of human life . people use cashes for marketing , services , entertainments , bank operations and so on . this huge amount of contact with cash and the necessity of knowing the monetary value of it caused one of the most challenging problems for visually impaired people . in this paper we propose a mobile phone based approach to identify monetary value of a picture taken from cashes using some image pro ←
→ multi - instance dynamic ordinal random fields for weakly - supervised facial behavior analysis ; we propose a multi - instance - learning ( mil ) approach for weakly - supervised learning problems , where a training set is formed by bags ( sets of feature vectors or instances ) and only labels at bag - level are provided . specifically , we consider the multi - instance dynamic - ordinal - regression ( mi - dor ) setting , where the instance labels are naturally represented as ordinal variables and bags are structured as temporal seq ←
→ adaptive detrending to accelerate convolutional gated recurrent unit training for contextual video recognition ; based on the progress of image recognition , video recognition has been extensively studied recently . however , most of the existing methods are focused on short - term but not long - term video recognition , called contextual video recognition . to address contextual video recognition , we use convolutional recurrent neural networks ( convrnns ) having a rich spatio - temporal information processing capabi ←
→ evolutionary optimization for decision making under uncertainty ; optimizing decision problems under uncertainty can be done using a variety of solution methods . soft computing and heuristic approaches tend to be powerful for solving such problems . in this overview article , we survey evolutionary optimization techniques to solve stochastic programming problems - both for the single - stage and multi - stage case .←
→ a gauss - newton method for markov decision processes ; approximate newton methods are a standard optimization tool which aim to maintain the benefits of newton ' s method , such as a fast rate of convergence , whilst alleviating its drawbacks , such as computationally expensive calculation or estimation of the inverse hessian . in this work we investigate approximate newton methods for policy optimization in markov decision processes ( mdps ). we first analyse the structure of the hessian of the objective function f ←
→ entropic determinants ; the ability of many powerful machine learning algorithms to deal with large data sets without compromise is often hampered by computationally expensive linear algebra tasks , of which calculating the log determinant is a canonical example . in this paper we demonstrate the optimality of maximum entropy methods in approximating such calculations . we prove the equivalence between mean value constraints and sample expectations in the big data limit , that covariance matrix eigenvalue distr ←
→ decomposition strategies for constructive preference elicitation ; we tackle the problem of constructive preference elicitation , that is the problem of learning user preferences over very large decision problems , involving a combinatorial space of possible outcomes . in this setting , the suggested configuration is synthesized on - the - fly by solving a constrained optimization problem , while the preferences are learned itera tively by interacting with the user . previous work has shown that coactive learning is ←
→ monitoring teams by overhearing : a multi - agent plan - recognition approach ; recent years are seeing an increasing need for on - line monitoring of teams of cooperating agents , e . g ., for visualization , or performance tracking . however , in monitoring deployed teams , we often cannot rely on the agents to always communicate their state to the monitoring system . this paper presents a non - intrusive approach to monitoring by ' overhearing ', where the monitored team ' s state is inferred ( via plan - recognition ) from team -←
→ distributed tree kernels ; in this paper , we propose the distributed tree kernels ( dtk ) as a novel method to reduce time and space complexity of tree kernels . using a linear complexity algorithm to compute vectors for trees , we embed feature spaces of tree fragments in low - dimensional spaces where the kernel computation is directly done with dot product . we show that dtks are faster , correlate with tree kernels , and obtain a statistically similar performance in two natural language processing tasks .←
→ fully context - aware video prediction ; this paper proposes a new neural network design for unsupervised learning through video prediction . current video prediction models based on convolutional networks , recurrent networks , and their combinations often result in blurry predictions . recent work has attempted to address this issue with techniques like separation of background and foreground modeling , motion flow learning , or adversarial training . we highlight that a contributing factor for this problem is the ←
→ multi - level recurrent residual networks for action recognition ; most existing convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) used for action recognition are either difficult to optimize or underuse crucial temporal information . inspired by the fact that the recurrent model consistently makes breakthroughs in the task related to sequence , we propose a novel multi - level recurrent residual networks ( mrrn ) which incorporates three recognition streams . each stream consists of a residual networks ( resnets ) and a recurrent mo ←
→ towards ultra rapid restarts ; we observe a trend regarding restart strategies used in sat solvers . a few years ago , most state - of - the - art solvers restarted on average after a few thousands of backtracks . currently , restarting after a dozen backtracks results in much better performance . the main reason for this trend is that heuristics and data structures have become more restart - friendly . we expect further continuation of this trend , so future sat solvers will restart even more rapidly . additionally , we pr ←
→ fast domain adaptation for neural machine translation ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) is a new approach for automatic translation of text from one human language into another . the basic concept in nmt is to train a large neural network that maximizes the translation performance on a given parallel corpus . nmt is gaining popularity in the research community because it outperformed traditional smt approaches in several translation tasks at wmt and other evaluation tasks / benchmarks at least for some languag ←
→ the search problem in mixture models ; we consider the task of learning the parameters of a {\ em single } component of a mixture model , for the case when we are given {\ em side information } about that component , we call this the " search problem " in mixture models . we would like to solve this with computational and sample complexity lower than solving the overall original problem , where one learns parameters of all components . our main contributions are the development of a simple but general model for the ←
→ fast and accurate bilateral filtering using gauss - polynomial decomposition ; the bilateral filter is a versatile non - linear filter that has found diverse applications in image processing , computer vision , computer graphics , and computational photography . a widely - used form of the filter is the gaussian bilateral filter in which both the spatial and range kernels are gaussian . a direct implementation of this filter requires $ o (\ sigma ^ 2 )$ operations per pixel , where $\ sigma $ is the standard deviation of the ←
→ modeling relational data via latent factor blockmodel ; in this paper we address the problem of modeling relational data , which appear in many applications such as social network analysis , recommender systems and bioinformatics . previous studies either consider latent feature based models but disregarding local structure in the network , or focus exclusively on capturing local structure of objects based on latent blockmodels without coupling with latent characteristics of objects . to combine the benefits of ←
→ walker - independent features for gait recognition from motion capture data ; mocap - based human identification , as a pattern recognition discipline , can be optimized using a machine learning approach . yet in some applications such as video surveillance new identities can appear on the fly and labeled data for all encountered people may not always be available . this work introduces the concept of learning walker - independent gait features directly from raw joint coordinates by a modification of the fisher lin ←
→ energy - based generative adversarial network ; we introduce the " energy - based generative adversarial network " model ( ebgan ) which views the discriminator as an energy function that attributes low energies to the regions near the data manifold and higher energies to other regions . similar to the probabilistic gans , a generator is seen as being trained to produce contrastive samples with minimal energies , while the discriminator is trained to assign high energies to these generated samples . viewing the discrim ←
→ the causality / repair connection in databases : causality - programs ; in this work , answer - set programs that specify repairs of databases are used as a basis for solving computational and reasoning problems about causes for query answers from databases .←
→ artificial persuasion in pedagogical games ; a persuasive teachable agent ( pta ) is a special type of teachable agent which incorporates a persuasion theory in order to provide persuasive and more personalized feedback to the student . by employing the persuasion techniques , the pta seeks to maintain the student in a high motivation and high ability state in which he or she has higher cognitive ability and his or her changes in attitudes are more persistent . however , the existing model of the pta still has a ←
→ localized epidemic detection in networks with overwhelming noise ; we consider the problem of detecting an epidemic in a population where individual diagnoses are extremely noisy . the motivation for this problem is the plethora of examples ( influenza strains in humans , or computer viruses in smartphones , etc .) where reliable diagnoses are scarce , but noisy data plentiful . in flu / phone - viruses , exceedingly few infected people / phones are professionally diagnosed ( only a small fraction go to a doctor ) but less ←
→ constrained automated mechanism design for infinite games of incomplete information ; we present a functional framework for automated mechanism design based on a two - stage game model of strategic interaction between the designer and the mechanism participants , and apply it to several classes of two - player infinite games of incomplete information . at the core of our framework is a black - box optimization algorithm which guides the selection process of candidate mechanisms . our approach yields optimal or nea ←
→ structured light phase measuring profilometry pattern design for binary spatial light modulators ; structured light illumination is an active 3 - d scanning technique based on projecting / capturing a set of striped patterns and measuring the warping of the patterns as they reflect off a target object ' s surface . in the case of phase measuring profilometry ( pmp ), the projected patterns are composed of a rolling sinusoidal wave , but as a set of time - multiplexed patterns , pmp requires the target surface to remai ←
→ explaining aviation safety incidents using deep temporal multiple instance learning ; although aviation accidents are rare , safety incidents occur more frequently and require a careful analysis to detect and mitigate risks in a timely manner . analyzing safety incidents using operational data and producing event - based explanations is invaluable to airline companies as well as to governing organizations such as the federal aviation administration ( faa ) in the united states . however , this task is challenging ←
→ private data release via learning thresholds ; this work considers computationally efficient privacy - preserving data release . we study the task of analyzing a database containing sensitive information about individual participants . given a set of statistical queries on the data , we want to release approximate answers to the queries while also guaranteeing differential privacy --- protecting each participant ' s sensitive data . our focus is on computationally efficient data release algorithms ; we seek algorith ←
→ penalized orthogonal - components regression for large p small n data ; we propose a penalized orthogonal - components regression ( pocre ) for large p small n data . orthogonal components are sequentially constructed to maximize , upon standardization , their correlation to the response residuals . a new penalization framework , implemented via empirical bayes thresholding , is presented to effectively identify sparse predictors of each component . pocre is computationally efficient owing to its sequential construction ←
→ 3d object super - resolution ; we consider the problem of scaling deep generative shape models to high - resolution . to this end , we introduce a novel method for the fast up - sampling of 3d objects in voxel space by super - resolution on the six orthographic depth projections . we demonstrate the training of object - specific super - resolution cnns for depth maps and silhouettes . this allows us to efficiently generate high - resolution objects , without the cubic computational costs associated with voxel data . we evaluat ←
→ domain - adversarial training of neural networks ; we introduce a new representation learning approach for domain adaptation , in which data at training and test time come from similar but different distributions . our approach is directly inspired by the theory on domain adaptation suggesting that , for effective domain transfer to be achieved , predictions must be made based on features that cannot discriminate between the training ( source ) and test ( target ) domains . the approach implements this idea in the con ←
→ systematic testing of convolutional neural networks for autonomous driving ; we present a framework to systematically analyze convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) used in classification of cars in autonomous vehicles . our analysis procedure comprises an image generator that produces synthetic pictures by sampling in a lower dimension image modification subspace and a suite of visualization tools . the image generator produces images which can be used to test the cnn and hence expose its vulnerabilities . th ←
→ probabilistic models for anomaly detection in remote sensor data streams ; remote sensors are becoming the standard for observing and recording ecological data in the field . such sensors can record data at fine temporal resolutions , and they can operate under extreme conditions prohibitive to human access . unfortunately , sensor data streams exhibit many kinds of errors ranging from corrupt communications to partial or total sensor failures . this means that the raw data stream must be cleaned before it can b ←
→ cost based satisficing search considered harmful ; recently , several researchers have found that cost - based satisficing search with a * often runs into problems . although some " work arounds " have been proposed to ameliorate the problem , there has not been any concerted effort to pinpoint its origin . in this paper , we argue that the origins can be traced back to the wide variance in action costs that is observed in most planning domains . we show that such cost variance misleads a * search , and that this is no ←
→ auto - associative models , nonlinear principal component analysis , manifolds and projection pursuit ; in this paper , auto - associative models are proposed as candidates to the generalization of principal component analysis . we show that these models are dedicated to the approximation of the dataset by a manifold . here , the word " manifold " refers to the topology properties of the structure . the approximating manifold is built by a projection pursuit algorithm . at each step of the algorithm , the dimension of t ←
→ causal modeling ; causal models are like dependency graphs and belief nets in that they provide a structure and a set of assumptions from which a joint distribution can , in principle , be computed . unlike dependency graphs , causal models are models of hierarchical and / or parallel processes , rather than models of distributions ( partially ) known to a model builder through some sort of gestalt . as such , causal models are more modular , easier to build , more intuitive , and easier to understand than dependency gra ←
→ comparative analysis of unsupervised algorithms for breast mri lesion segmentation ; accurate segmentation of breast lesions is a crucial step in evaluating the characteristics of tumors . however , this is a challenging task , since breast lesions have sophisticated shape , topological structure , and variation in the intensity distribution . in this paper , we evaluated the performance of three unsupervised algorithms for the task of breast magnetic resonance ( mri ) lesion segmentation , namely , gaussian mixture ←
→ a new framework for retinex based color image enhancement using particle swarm optimization ; a new approach for tuning the parameters of multiscale retinex ( msr ) based color image enhancement algorithm using a popular optimization method , namely , particle swarm optimization ( pso ) is presented in this paper . the image enhancement using msr scheme heavily depends on parameters such as gaussian surround space constant , number of scales , gain and offset etc . selection of these parameters , empirically and its ←
→ the problem of coincidence in a theory of temporal multiple recurrence ; logical theories have been developed which have allowed temporal reasoning about eventualities ( a la galton ) such as states , processes , actions , events , processes and complex eventualities such as sequences and recurrences of other eventualities . this paper presents the problem of coincidence within the framework of a first order logical theory formalising temporal multiple recurrence of two sequences of fixed duration eventualities an ←
→ a bayesian network approach to county - level corn yield prediction using historical data and expert knowledge ; crop yield forecasting is the methodology of predicting crop yields prior to harvest . the availability of accurate yield prediction frameworks have enormous implications from multiple standpoints , including impact on the crop commodity futures markets , formulation of agricultural policy , as well as crop insurance rating . the focus of this work is to construct a corn yield predictor at the county ←
→ end - to - end learning of action detection from frame glimpses in videos ; in this work we introduce a fully end - to - end approach for action detection in videos that learns to directly predict the temporal bounds of actions . our intuition is that the process of detecting actions is naturally one of observation and refinement : observing moments in video , and refining hypotheses about when an action is occurring . based on this insight , we formulate our model as a recurrent neural network - based agent that interact ←
→ variations of the similarity function of textrank for automated summarization ; this article presents new alternatives to the similarity function for the textrank algorithm for automatic summarization of texts . we describe the generalities of the algorithm and the different functions we propose . some of these variants achieve a significative improvement using the same metrics and dataset as the original publication .←
→ predictive state recurrent neural networks ; we present a new model , predictive state recurrent neural networks ( psrnns ), for filtering and prediction in dynamical systems . psrnns draw on insights from both recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) and predictive state representations ( psrs ), and inherit advantages from both types of models . like many successful rnn architectures , psrnns use ( potentially deeply composed ) bilinear transfer functions to combine information from multiple sources . we show that such bili ←
→ genetic cnn ; the deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) is the state - of - the - art solution for large - scale visual recognition . following basic principles such as increasing the depth and constructing highway connections , researchers have manually designed a lot of fixed network structures and verified their effectiveness . in this paper , we discuss the possibility of learning deep network structures automatically . note that the number of possible network structures increases exponentially with the number o ←
→ led - based photometric stereo : modeling , calibration and numerical solution ; we conduct a thorough study of photometric stereo under nearby point light source illumination , from modeling to numerical solution , through calibration . in the classical formulation of photometric stereo , the luminous fluxes are assumed to be directional , which is very difficult to achieve in practice . rather , we use light - emitting diodes ( leds ) to illuminate the scene to reconstruct . such point light sources are very convenient ←
→ speaker recognition for children ' s speech ; this paper presents results on speaker recognition ( sr ) for children ' s speech , using the ogi kids corpus and gmm - ubm and gmm - svm sr systems . regions of the spectrum containing important speaker information for children are identified by conducting sr experiments over 21 frequency bands . as for adults , the spectrum can be split into four regions , with the first ( containing primary vocal tract resonance information ) and third ( corresponding to high frequency speech ←
→ a neural model for user geolocation and lexical dialectology ; we propose a simple yet effective text - based user geolocation model based on a neural network with one hidden layer , which achieves state of the art performance over three twitter benchmark geolocation datasets , in addition to producing word and phrase embeddings in the hidden layer that we show to be useful for detecting dialectal terms . as part of our analysis of dialectal terms , we release dareds , a dataset for evaluating dialect term detect ←
→ trainable frontend for robust and far - field keyword spotting ; robust and far - field speech recognition is critical to enable true hands - free communication . in far - field conditions , signals are attenuated due to distance . to improve robustness to loudness variation , we introduce a novel frontend called per - channel energy normalization ( pcen ). the key ingredient of pcen is the use of an automatic gain control based dynamic compression to replace the widely used static ( such as log or root ) compression . we eva ←
→ food recognition using fusion of classifiers based on cnns ; with the arrival of convolutional neural networks , the complex problem of food recognition has experienced an important improvement in recent years . the best results have been obtained using methods based on very deep convolutional neural networks , which show that the deeper the model , the better the classification accuracy will be obtain . however , very deep neural networks may suffer from the overfitting problem . in this paper , we propose a combin ←
→ photo - realistic single image super - resolution using a generative adversarial network ; despite the breakthroughs in accuracy and speed of single image super - resolution using faster and deeper convolutional neural networks , one central problem remains largely unsolved : how do we recover the finer texture details when we super - resolve at large upscaling factors ? the behavior of optimization - based super - resolution methods is principally driven by the choice of the objective function . recent work has largely ←
→ text generation based on generative adversarial nets with latent variable ; in this paper , we propose a model using generative adversarial net ( gan ) to generate realistic text . instead of using standard gan , we combine variational autoencoder ( vae ) with generative adversarial net . the use of high - level latent random variables is helpful to learn the data distribution and solve the problem that generative adversarial net always emits the similar data . we propose the vgan model where the generative model is ←
→ random perturbation and matrix sparsification and completion ; we discuss general perturbation inequalities when the perturbation is random . as applications , we obtain several new results concerning two important problems : matrix sparsification and matrix completion .←
→ automatic synthesis of geometry problems for an intelligent tutoring system ; this paper presents an intelligent tutoring system , geotutor , for euclidean geometry that is automatically able to synthesize proof problems and their respective solutions given a geometric figure together with a set of properties true of it . geotutor can provide personalized practice problems that address student deficiencies in the subject matter .←
→ a convolutional neural network for search term detection ; pathfinding in hospitals is challenging for patients , visitors , and even employees . many people have experienced getting lost due to lack of clear guidance , large footprint of hospitals , and confusing array of hospital wings . in this paper , we propose halo ; an indoor navigation application based on voice - user interaction to help provide directions for users without assistance of a localization system . the main challenge is accurate detection of orig ←
→ unflow : unsupervised learning of optical flow with a bidirectional census loss ; in the era of end - to - end deep learning , many advances in computer vision are driven by large amounts of labeled data . in the optical flow setting , however , obtaining dense per - pixel ground truth for real scenes is difficult and thus such data is rare . therefore , recent end - to - end convolutional networks for optical flow rely on synthetic datasets for supervision , but the domain mismatch between training and test scenarios cont ←
→ object cosegmentation using deep siamese network ; object cosegmentation addresses the problem of discovering similar objects from multiple images and segmenting them as foreground simultaneously . in this paper , we propose a novel end - to - end pipeline to segment the similar objects simultaneously from relevant set of images using supervised learning via deep - learning framework . we experiment with multiple set of object proposal generation techniques and perform extensive numerical evaluations by training the ←
→ on the computability of aixi ; how could we solve the machine learning and the artificial intelligence problem if we had infinite computation ? solomonoff induction and the reinforcement learning agent aixi are proposed answers to this question . both are known to be incomputable . in this paper , we quantify this using the arithmetical hierarchy , and prove upper and corresponding lower bounds for incomputability . we show that aixi is not limit computable , thus it cannot be approximated using finite computation ←
→ fast exact k - means , k - medians and bregman divergence clustering in 1d ; the $ k $- means clustering problem on $ n $ points is np - hard for any dimension $ d \ ge 2 $, however , for the 1d case there exist exact polynomial time algorithms . previous literature reported an $ o ( kn ^ 2 )$ time dynamic programming algorithm that uses $ o ( kn )$ space . we present a new algorithm computing the optimal clustering in only $ o ( kn )$ time using linear space . for $ k = \ omega (\ lg n )$, we improve this even further to $ n 2 ^{ o (\ sqrt { \ lg \ lg ←
→ learning in multiagent systems : an introduction from a game - theoretic perspective ; we introduce the topic of learning in multiagent systems . we first provide a quick introduction to the field of game theory , focusing on the equilibrium concepts of iterated dominance , and nash equilibrium . we show some of the most relevant findings in the theory of learning in games , including theorems on fictitious play , replicator dynamics , and evolutionary stable strategies . the clri theory and n - level learning agents ←
→ cloudcv : large scale distributed computer vision as a cloud service ; we are witnessing a proliferation of massive visual data . unfortunately scaling existing computer vision algorithms to large datasets leaves researchers repeatedly solving the same algorithmic , logistical , and infrastructural problems . our goal is to democratize computer vision ; one should not have to be a computer vision , big data and distributed computing expert to have access to state - of - the - art distributed computer vision algorithms . ←
→ morphologic for knowledge dynamics : revision , fusion , abduction ; several tasks in artificial intelligence require to be able to find models about knowledge dynamics . they include belief revision , fusion and belief merging , and abduction . in this paper we exploit the algebraic framework of mathematical morphology in the context of propositional logic , and define operations such as dilation or erosion of a set of formulas . we derive concrete operators , based on a semantic approach , that have an intuitive int ←
→ visualizing and understanding curriculum learning for long short - term memory networks ; curriculum learning emphasizes the order of training instances in a computational learning setup . the core hypothesis is that simpler instances should be learned early as building blocks to learn more complex ones . despite its usefulness , it is still unknown how exactly the internal representation of models are affected by curriculum learning . in this paper , we study the effect of curriculum learning on long short - term ←
→ a decision - theoretic model for using scientific data ; many artificial intelligence systems depend on the agent ' s updating its beliefs about the world on the basis of experience . experiments constitute one type of experience , so scientific methodology offers a natural environment for examining the issues attendant to using this class of evidence . this paper presents a framework which structures the process of using scientific data from research reports for the purpose of making decisions , using decision ana ←
→ inference in polytrees with sets of probabilities ; inferences in directed acyclic graphs associated with probability sets and probability intervals are np - hard , even for polytrees . in this paper we focus on such inferences , and propose : 1 ) a substantial improvement on tessems a / r algorithm for polytrees with probability intervals ; 2 ) a new algorithm for direction - based local search ( in sets of probability ) that improves on existing methods ; 3 ) a collection of branch - and - bound algorithms that combine ←
→ associative control processor with a rigid structure ; the approach of applying associative processor for decision making problem was proposed . it focuses on hardware implementations of fuzzy processing systems , associativity as effective management basis of fuzzy processor . the structural approach is being developed resulting in a quite simple and compact parallel associative memory unit ( pamu ). the memory cost and speed comparison of processors with rigid and soft - variable structure is given . also the exa ←
→ implementation of auto monitoring and short - message - service system via gsm modem ; auto - monitoring and short - messaging - service system is a real - time monitoring system for any critical operational environments . it detects an undesired event occurring in the environment , generates an alert with detailed message and sends it to the user to prevent hazards . this system employs a friendly arm as main controller while , sensors and terminals to interact with the real world . a gsm network is utilized to bridge th ←
→ secured cryptographic key generation from multimodal biometrics : feature level fusion of fingerprint and iris ; human users have a tough time remembering long cryptographic keys . hence , researchers , for so long , have been examining ways to utilize biometric features of the user instead of a memorable password or passphrase , in an effort to generate strong and repeatable cryptographic keys . our objective is to incorporate the volatility of the user ' s biometric features into the generated key , so as to make ←
→ fuzzy aggregates in fuzzy answer set programming ; fuzzy answer set programming is a declarative framework for representing and reasoning about knowledge in fuzzy environments . however , the unavailability of fuzzy aggregates in disjunctive fuzzy logic programs , dflp , with fuzzy answer set semantics prohibits the natural and concise representation of many interesting problems . in this paper , we extend dflp to allow arbitrary fuzzy aggregates . we define fuzzy answer set semantics for dflp with arbitrary fuzzy ←
→ enforcing constraints for interpolation and extrapolation in generative adversarial networks ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) are becoming popular choices for unsupervised learning . at the same time there is a concerted effort in the machine learning community to expand the range of tasks in which learning can be applied as well as to utilize methods from other disciplines to accelerate learning . with this in mind , in the current work we suggest ways to enforce given constraints in the output of a ←
→ a novel feature descriptor for image retrieval by combining modified color histogram and diagonally symmetric co - occurrence texture pattern ; in this paper , we have proposed a novel feature descriptors combining color and texture information collectively . in our proposed color descriptor component , the inter - channel relationship between hue ( h ) and saturation ( s ) channels in the hsv color space has been explored which was not done earlier . we have quantized the h channel into a number of bins and performe ←
→ proceedings of the first international workshop on argumentation in logic programming and non - monotonic reasoning ( arg - lpnmr 2016 ) ; this volume contains the papers presented at arg - lpnmr 2016 : first international workshop on argumentation in logic programming and nonmonotonic reasoning held on july 8 - 10 , 2016 in new york city , ny .←
→ primal method for erm with flexible mini - batching schemes and non - convex losses ; in this work we develop a new algorithm for regularized empirical risk minimization . our method extends recent techniques of shalev - shwartz [ 02 / 2015 ], which enable a dual - free analysis of sdca , to arbitrary mini - batching schemes . moreover , our method is able to better utilize the information in the data defining the erm problem . for convex loss functions , our complexity results match those of quartz , which is a primal - dual m ←
→ detecting image forgeries using geometric cues ; this chapter presents a framework for detecting fake regions by using various methods including watermarking technique and blind approaches . in particular , we describe current categories on blind approaches which can be divided into five : pixel - based techniques , format - based techniques , camera - based techniques , physically - based techniques and geometric - based techniques . then we take a second look on the geometric - based techniques and further categorize them i ←
→ a privacy - aware bayesian approach for combining classifier and cluster ensembles ; this paper introduces a privacy - aware bayesian approach that combines ensembles of classifiers and clusterers to perform semi - supervised and transductive learning . we consider scenarios where instances and their classification / clustering results are distributed across different data sites and have sharing restrictions . as a special case , the privacy aware computation of the model when instances of the target data are distri ←
→ idl - expressions : a formalism for representing and parsing finite languages in natural language processing ; we propose a formalism for representation of finite languages , referred to as the class of idl - expressions , which combines concepts that were only considered in isolation in existing formalisms . the suggested applications are in natural language processing , more specifically in surface natural language generation and in machine translation , where a sentence is obtained by first generating a large se ←
→ towards an intelligent vns heuristic for the k - labelled spanning forest problem ; in a currently ongoing project , we investigate a new possibility for solving the k - labelled spanning forest ( klsf ) problem by an intelligent variable neighbourhood search ( int - vns ) metaheuristic . in the klsf problem we are given an undirected input graph g and an integer positive value k , and the aim is to find a spanning forest of g having the minimum number of connected components and the upper bound k on the number of lab ←
→ estimating the intrinsic dimension in fmri space via dataset fractal analysis - counting the ` cpu cores ' of the human brain ; functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) is a powerful non - invasive tool for localizing and analyzing brain activity . this study focuses on one very important aspect of the functional properties of human brain , specifically the estimation of the level of parallelism when performing complex cognitive tasks . using fmri as the main modality , the human brain activity is investigate ←
→ introduction to tensor decompositions and their applications in machine learning ; tensors are multidimensional arrays of numerical values and therefore generalize matrices to multiple dimensions . while tensors first emerged in the psychometrics community in the $ 20 ^{\ text { th }}$ century , they have since then spread to numerous other disciplines , including machine learning . tensors and their decompositions are especially beneficial in unsupervised learning settings , but are gaining popularity in other sub -←
→ a numerical optimization algorithm inspired by the strawberry plant ; this paper proposes a new numerical optimization algorithm inspired by the strawberry plant for solving complicated engineering problems . plants like strawberry develop both runners and roots for propagation and search for water resources and minerals . in these plants , runners and roots can be thought of as tools for global and local searches , respectively . the proposed algorithm has three main differences with the trivial nature - inspired ←
→ extended object tracking : introduction , overview and applications ; this article provides an elaborate overview of current research in extended object tracking . we provide a clear definition of the extended object tracking problem and discuss its delimitation to other types of object tracking . next , different aspects of extended object modelling are extensively discussed . subsequently , we give a tutorial introduction to two basic and well used extended object tracking approaches - the random matrix approach ←
→ uncertainty estimates for optical flow with multi - hypotheses networks ; recent work has shown that optical flow estimation can be formulated as an end - to - end supervised learning problem , which yields estimates with a superior accuracy - runtime tradeoff compared to alternative methodology . in this paper , we make the network estimate its local uncertainty about the correctness of its prediction , which is vital information when building decisions on top of the estimated optical flow . for the first time we compa ←
→ can autism be catered with artificial intelligence - assisted intervention technology ? a literature review ; this article presents an extensive literature review of technology based intervention methodologies for individuals facing autism spectrum disorder ( asd ). reviewed methodologies include : contemporary computer aided systems ( cas ), computer vision assisted technologies ( cvat ) and virtual reality ( vr ) or artificial intelligence - assisted interventions . the research over the past decade has provided enoug ←
→ multiple instance choquet integral classifier fusion and regression for remote sensing applications ; in classifier ( or regression ) fusion the aim is to combine the outputs of several algorithms to boost overall performance . standard supervised fusion algorithms often require accurate and precise training labels . however , accurate labels may be difficult to obtain in many remote sensing applications . this paper proposes novel classification and regression fusion models that can be trained given ambiguosly ←
→ mcdiarmid drift detection methods for evolving data streams ; increasingly , internet of things ( iot ) domains , such as sensor networks , smart cities , and social networks , generate vast amounts of data . such data are not only unbounded and rapidly evolving . rather , the content thereof dynamically evolves over time , often in unforeseen ways . these variations are due to so - called concept drifts , caused by changes in the underlying data generation mechanisms . in a classification setting , concept drift causes the ←
→ generating plans that predict themselves ; collaboration requires coordination , and we coordinate by anticipating our teammates ' future actions and adapting to their plan . in some cases , our teammates ' actions early on can give us a clear idea of what the remainder of their plan is , i . e . what action sequence we should expect . in others , they might leave us less confident , or even lead us to the wrong conclusion . our goal is for robot actions to fall in the first category : we want to enable robots to select ←
→ squeeze - segnet : a new fast deep convolutional neural network for semantic segmentation ; the recent researches in deep convolutional neural network have focused their attention on improving accuracy that provide significant advances . however , if they were limited to classification tasks , nowadays with contributions from scientific communities who are embarking in this field , they have become very useful in higher level tasks such as object detection and pixel - wise semantic segmentation . thus , brilliant id ←
→ a tail inequality for quadratic forms of subgaussian random vectors ; we prove an exponential probability tail inequality for positive semidefinite quadratic forms in a subgaussian random vector . the bound is analogous to one that holds when the vector has independent gaussian entries .←
→ self - explanatory deep salient object detection ; salient object detection has seen remarkable progress driven by deep learning techniques . however , most of deep learning based salient object detection methods are black - box in nature and lacking in interpretability . this paper proposes the first self - explanatory saliency detection network that explicitly exploits low - and high - level features for salient object detection . we demonstrate that such supportive clues not only significantly enhances performance of ←
→ extracting v2v encountering scenarios from naturalistic driving database ; it is necessary to thoroughly evaluate the effectiveness and safety of connected vehicles ( cvs ) algorithm before their release and deployment . current evaluation approach mainly relies on simulation platform with the single - vehicle driving model . the main drawback of it is the lack of network realism . to overcome this problem , we extract naturalistic v2v encounters data from the database , and then separate the primary vehicle encount ←
→ naive - deep face recognition : touching the limit of lfw benchmark or not ? ; face recognition performance improves rapidly with the recent deep learning technique developing and underlying large training dataset accumulating . in this paper , we report our observations on how big data impacts the recognition performance . according to these observations , we build our megvii face recognition system , which achieves 99 . 50 % accuracy on the lfw benchmark , outperforming the previous state - of - the - art . furthermore , we r ←
→ dual - fisheye lens stitching for 360 - degree imaging ; dual - fisheye lens cameras have been increasingly used for 360 - degree immersive imaging . however , the limited overlapping field of views and misalignment between the two lenses give rise to visible discontinuities in the stitching boundaries . this paper introduces a novel method for dual - fisheye camera stitching that adaptively minimizes the discontinuities in the overlapping regions to generate full spherical 360 - degree images . results show that this appr ←
→ the computational impact of partial votes on strategic voting ; in many real world elections , agents are not required to rank all candidates . we study three of the most common methods used to modify voting rules to deal with such partial votes . these methods modify scoring rules ( like the borda count ), elimination style rules ( like single transferable vote ) and rules based on the tournament graph ( like copeland ) respectively . we argue that with an elimination style voting rule like single transferable vote ,←
→ characterization of gradient dominance and regularity conditions for neural networks ; the past decade has witnessed a successful application of deep learning to solving many challenging problems in machine learning and artificial intelligence . however , the loss functions of deep neural networks ( especially nonlinear networks ) are still far from being well understood from a theoretical aspect . in this paper , we enrich the current understanding of the landscape of the square loss functions for three types ←
→ the bag semantics of ontology - based data access ; ontology - based data access ( obda ) is a popular approach for integrating and querying multiple data sources by means of a shared ontology . the ontology is linked to the sources using mappings , which assign views over the data to ontology predicates . motivated by the need for obda systems supporting database - style aggregate queries , we propose a bag semantics for obda , where duplicate tuples in the views defined by the mappings are retained , as is the case in ←
→ a statistical learning approach to color demosaicing ; a statistical learning / inference framework for color demosaicing is presented . we start with simplistic assumptions about color constancy , and recast color demosaicing as a blind linear inverse problem : color parameterizes the unknown kernel , while brightness takes on the role of a latent variable . an expectation - maximization algorithm naturally suggests itself for the estimation of them both . then , as we gradually broaden the family of hypothesis where ←
→ geometry and expressive power of conditional restricted boltzmann machines ; conditional restricted boltzmann machines are undirected stochastic neural networks with a layer of input and output units connected bipartitely to a layer of hidden units . these networks define models of conditional probability distributions on the states of the output units given the states of the input units , parametrized by interaction weights and biases . we address the representational power of these models , proving results ←
→ se3 - nets : learning rigid body motion using deep neural networks ; we introduce se3 - nets , which are deep neural networks designed to model and learn rigid body motion from raw point cloud data . based only on sequences of depth images along with action vectors and point wise data associations , se3 - nets learn to segment effected object parts and predict their motion resulting from the applied force . rather than learning point wise flow vectors , se3 - nets predict se3 transformations for different parts of the sc ←
→ proximal scope for distributed sparse learning : better data partition implies faster convergence rate ; distributed sparse learning with a cluster of multiple machines has attracted much attention in machine learning , especially for large - scale applications with high - dimensional data . one popular way to implement sparse learning is to use $ l_1 $ regularization . in this paper , we propose a novel method , called proximal \ mbox { scope }~(\ mbox { pscope }), for distributed sparse learning with $ l_1 $ regularization . ←
→ non - normal modalities in variants of linear logic ; this article presents modal versions of resource - conscious logics . we concentrate on extensions of variants of linear logic with one minimal non - normal modality . in earlier work , where we investigated agency in multi - agent systems , we have shown that the results scale up to logics with multiple non - minimal modalities . here , we start with the language of propositional intuitionistic linear logic without the additive disjunction , to which we add a modality . ←
→ dual smoothing and level set techniques for variational matrix decomposition ; we focus on the robust principal component analysis ( rpca ) problem , and review a range of old and new convex formulations for the problem and its variants . we then review dual smoothing and level set techniques in convex optimization , present several novel theoretical results , and apply the techniques on the rpca problem . in the final sections , we show a range of numerical experiments for simulated and real - world problems .←
→ deepconfig : automating data center network topologies management with machine learning ; in recent years , many techniques have been developed to improve the performance and efficiency of data center networks . while these techniques provide high accuracy , they are often designed using heuristics that leverage domain - specific properties of the workload or hardware . in this vision paper , we argue that many data center networking techniques , e . g ., routing , topology augmentation , energy savings , with diverse ←
→ bioclimating modelling : a machine learning perspective ; many machine learning ( ml ) approaches are widely used to generate bioclimatic models for prediction of geographic range of organism as a function of climate . applications such as prediction of range shift in organism , range of invasive species influenced by climate change are important parameters in understanding the impact of climate change . however , success of machine learning - based approaches depends on a number of factors . while it can be safely s ←
→ visualizing and interacting with concept hierarchies ; concept hierarchies and formal concept analysis are theoretically well grounded and largely experimented methods . they rely on line diagrams called galois lattices for visualizing and analysing object - attribute sets . galois lattices are visually seducing and conceptually rich for experts . however they present important drawbacks due to their concept oriented overall structure : analysing what they show is difficult for non experts , navigation is cumberso ←
→ addressing cross - lingual word sense disambiguation on low - density languages : application to persian ; we explore the use of unsupervised methods in cross - lingual word sense disambiguation ( cl - wsd ) with the application of english to persian . our proposed approach targets the languages with scarce resources ( low - density ) by exploiting word embedding and semantic similarity of the words in context . we evaluate the approach on a recent evaluation benchmark and compare it with the state - of - the - art unsupervised ←
→ image segmentation and classification for sickle cell disease using deformable u - net ; reliable cell segmentation and classification from biomedical images is a crucial step for both scientific research and clinical practice . a major challenge for more robust segmentation and classification methods is the large variations in the size , shape and viewpoint of the cells , combining with the low image quality caused by noise and artifacts . to address this issue , in this work we propose a learning - based , simult ←
→ pano2vid : automatic cinematography for watching 360 $^{\ circ }$ videos ; we introduce the novel task of pano2vid $-$ automatic cinematography in panoramic 360 $^{\ circ }$ videos . given a 360 $^{\ circ }$ video , the goal is to direct an imaginary camera to virtually capture natural - looking normal field - of - view ( nfov ) video . by selecting " where to look " within the panorama at each time step , pano2vid aims to free both the videographer and the end viewer from the task of determining what to watch . towards this goal , ←
→ counterexample guided inductive optimization applied to mobile robots path planning ( extended version ) ; we describe and evaluate a novel optimization - based off - line path planning algorithm for mobile robots based on the counterexample - guided inductive optimization ( cegio ) technique . cegio iteratively employs counterexamples generated from boolean satisfiability ( sat ) and satisfiability modulo theories ( smt ) solvers , in order to guide the optimization process and to ensure global optimization . this paper ←
→ robust estimation of similarity transformation for visual object tracking with correlation filters ; most of existing correlation filter - based tracking approaches only estimate simple axis - aligned bounding boxes , and very few of them is capable of recovering the underlying similarity transformation . to a large extent , such limitation restricts the applications of such trackers for a wide range of scenarios . in this paper , we propose a novel correlation filter - based tracker with robust estimation of simila ←
→ causes and corrections for bimodal multipath scanning with structured light ; structured light illumination is an active 3 - d scanning technique based on projecting / capturing a set of striped patterns and measuring the warping of the patterns as they reflect off a target object ' s surface . as designed , each pixel in the camera sees exactly one pixel from the projector ; however , there are exceptions to this when the scanned surface has a complicated geometry with step edges and other discontinuities in depth ←
→ semantic facial expression editing using autoencoded flow ; high - level manipulation of facial expressions in images --- such as changing a smile to a neutral expression --- is challenging because facial expression changes are highly non - linear , and vary depending on the appearance of the face . we present a fully automatic approach to editing faces that combines the advantages of flow - based face manipulation with the more recent generative capabilities of variational autoencoders ( vaes ). during training , our ←
→ efficient local search limitation strategy for single machine total weighted tardiness scheduling with sequence - dependent setup times ; this paper concerns the single machine total weighted tardiness scheduling with sequence - dependent setup times , usually referred as $ 1 | s_ { ij }|\ sum w_jt_j $. in this $\ mathcal { np }$- hard problem , each job has an associated processing time , due date and a weight . for each pair of jobs $ i $ and $ j $, there may be a setup time before starting to process $ j $ in case this job is sc ←
→ subspace alignment based domain adaptation for rcnn detector ; in this paper , we propose subspace alignment based domain adaptation of the state of the art rcnn based object detector . the aim is to be able to achieve high quality object detection in novel , real world target scenarios without requiring labels from the target domain . while , unsupervised domain adaptation has been studied in the case of object classification , for object detection it has been relatively unexplored . in subspace based domain adap ←
→ gc - sroiq ( c ) : expressive constraint modelling and grounded circumscription for sroiq ; developments in semantic web technologies have promoted ontological encoding of knowledge from diverse domains . however , modelling many practical domains requires more expressive representations schemes than what the standard description logics ( dls ) support . we extend the dl sroiq with constraint networks and grounded circumscription . applications of constraint modelling include embedding ontologies with temporal or spa ←
→ abstractive meeting summarization usingdependency graph fusion ; automatic summarization techniques on meeting conversations developed so far have been primarily extractive , resulting in poor summaries . to improve this , we propose an approach to generate abstractive summaries by fusing important content from several utterances . any meeting is generally comprised of several discussion topic segments . for each topic segment within a meeting conversation , we aim to generate a one sentence summary from the most ←
→ collaborative recurrent autoencoder : recommend while learning to fill in the blanks ; hybrid methods that utilize both content and rating information are commonly used in many recommender systems . however , most of them use either handcrafted features or the bag - of - words representation as a surrogate for the content information but they are neither effective nor natural enough . to address this problem , we develop a collaborative recurrent autoencoder ( crae ) which is a denoising recurrent autoencoder ( drae )←
→ on sequences with non - learnable subsequences ; the remarkable results of foster and vohra was a starting point for a series of papers which show that any sequence of outcomes can be learned ( with no prior knowledge ) using some universal randomized forecasting algorithm and forecast - dependent checking rules . we show that for the class of all computationally efficient outcome - forecast - based checking rules , this property is violated . moreover , we present a probabilistic algorithm generating with probability cl ←
→ class proportion estimation with application to multiclass anomaly rejection ; this work addresses two classification problems that fall under the heading of domain adaptation , wherein the distributions of training and testing examples differ . the first problem studied is that of class proportion estimation , which is the problem of estimating the class proportions in an unlabeled testing data set given labeled examples of each class . compared to previous work on this problem , our approach has the novel fe ←
→ learning low - dimensional metrics ; this paper investigates the theoretical foundations of metric learning , focused on three key questions that are not fully addressed in prior work : 1 ) we consider learning general low - dimensional ( low - rank ) metrics as well as sparse metrics ; 2 ) we develop upper and lower ( minimax ) bounds on the generalization error ; 3 ) we quantify the sample complexity of metric learning in terms of the dimension of the feature space and the dimension / rank of the underlying metric ; 4 ) we also ←
→ improving semantic embedding consistency by metric learning for zero - shot classification ; this paper addresses the task of zero - shot image classification . the key contribution of the proposed approach is to control the semantic embedding of images -- one of the main ingredients of zero - shot learning -- by formulating it as a metric learning problem . the optimized empirical criterion associates two types of sub - task constraints : metric discriminating capacity and accurate attribute prediction . this result ←
→ on the analysis of set - based fuzzy quantified reasoning using classical syllogistics ; syllogism is a type of deductive reasoning involving quantified statements . the syllogistic reasoning scheme in the classical aristotelian framework involves three crisp term sets and four linguistic quantifiers , for which the main support is the linguistic properties of the quantifiers . a number of fuzzy approaches for defining an approximate syllogism have been proposed for which the main support is cardinality calcul ←
→ voxml : a visualization modeling language ; we present the specification for a modeling language , voxml , which encodes semantic knowledge of real - world objects represented as three - dimensional models , and of events and attributes related to and enacted over these objects . voxml is intended to overcome the limitations of existing 3d visual markup languages by allowing for the encoding of a broad range of semantic knowledge that can be exploited by a variety of systems and platforms , leading to multimodal simu ←
→ optimistic concurrency control for distributed unsupervised learning ; research on distributed machine learning algorithms has focused primarily on one of two extremes - algorithms that obey strict concurrency constraints or algorithms that obey few or no such constraints . we consider an intermediate alternative in which algorithms optimistically assume that conflicts are unlikely and if conflicts do arise a conflict - resolution protocol is invoked . we view this " optimistic concurrency control " paradigm as p ←
→ generative interest estimation for document recommendations ; learning distributed representations of documents has pushed the state - of - the - art in several natural language processing tasks and was successfully applied to the field of recommender systems recently . in this paper , we propose a novel content - based recommender system based on learned representations and a generative model of user interest . our method works as follows : first , we learn representations on a corpus of text documents . then , we captur ←
→ handwritten digit string recognition by combination of residual network and rnn - ctc ; recurrent neural network ( rnn ) and connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ) have showed successes in many sequence labeling tasks with the strong ability of dealing with the problems where the alignment between the inputs and the target labels is unknown . residual network is a new structure of convolutional neural network and works well in various computer vision tasks . in this paper , we take advantage of the architec ←
→ rational closure in shiq ; we define a notion of rational closure for the logic shiq , which does not enjoys the finite model property , building on the notion of rational closure introduced by lehmann and magidor in [ 23 ]. we provide a semantic characterization of rational closure in shiq in terms of a preferential semantics , based on a finite rank characterization of minimal models . we show that the rational closure of a tbox can be computed in exptime using entailment in shiq .←
→ non - local color image denoising with convolutional neural networks ; we propose a novel deep network architecture for grayscale and color image denoising that is based on a non - local image model . our motivation for the overall design of the proposed network stems from variational methods that exploit the inherent non - local self - similarity property of natural images . we build on this concept and introduce deep networks that perform non - local processing and at the same time they significantly benefit from dis ←
→ hierarchical models as marginals of hierarchical models ; we investigate the representation of hierarchical models in terms of marginals of other hierarchical models with smaller interactions . we focus on binary variables and marginals of pairwise interaction models whose hidden variables are conditionally independent given the visible variables . in this case the problem is equivalent to the representation of linear subspaces of polynomials by feedforward neural networks with soft - plus computational units . ←
→ texture analysis using deterministic partially self - avoiding walk with thresholds ; in this paper , we propose a new texture analysis method using the deterministic partially self - avoiding walk performed on maps modified with thresholds . in this method , two pixels of the map are neighbors if the euclidean distance between them is less than $\ sqrt { 2 }$ and the weight ( difference between its intensities ) is less than a given threshold . the maps obtained by using different thresholds highlight several properti ←
→ the least wrong model is not in the data ; the true process that generated data cannot be determined when multiple explanations are possible . prediction requires a model of the probability that a process , chosen randomly from the set of candidate explanations , generates some future observation . the best model includes all of the information contained in the minimal description of the data that is not contained in the data . it is closely related to the halting problem and is logarithmic in the size of the da ←
→ matrix insertion - deletion systems ; in this article , we consider for the first time the operations of insertion and deletion working in a matrix controlled manner . we show that , similarly as in the case of context - free productions , the computational power is strictly increased when using a matrix control : computational completeness can be obtained by systems with insertion or deletion rules involving at most two symbols in a contextual or in a context - free manner and using only binary matrices .←
→ a new approach to the solution of economic dispatch using particle swarm optimization with simulated annealing ; a new approach to the solution of economic dispatch using particle swarm optimization is presented . it is the progression of allocating production amongst the dedicated units such that the restriction forced are fulfilled and the power needs are reduced . more just , the soft computing method has received supplementary concentration and was used in a quantity of successful and sensible applicatio ←
→ parsimonious mahalanobis kernel for the classification of high dimensional data ; the classification of high dimensional data with kernel methods is considered in this article . exploit - ing the emptiness property of high dimensional spaces , a kernel based on the mahalanobis distance is proposed . the computation of the mahalanobis distance requires the inversion of a covariance matrix . in high dimensional spaces , the estimated covariance matrix is ill - conditioned and its inversion is unstable or impossible ←
→ joint mean and covariance estimation with unreplicated matrix - variate data ; it has been proposed that complex populations , such as those that arise in genomics studies , may exhibit dependencies among observations as well as among variables . this gives rise to the challenging problem of analyzing unreplicated high - dimensional data with unknown mean and dependence structures . matrix - variate approaches that impose various forms of ( inverse ) covariance sparsity allow flexible dependence structures to be esti ←
→ towards representation learning with tractable probabilistic models ; probabilistic models learned as density estimators can be exploited in representation learning beside being toolboxes used to answer inference queries only . however , how to extract useful representations highly depends on the particular model involved . we argue that tractable inference , i . e . inference that can be computed in polynomial time , can enable general schemes to extract features from black box models . we plan to investigate how t ←
→ from monocular slam to autonomous drone exploration ; micro aerial vehicles ( mavs ) are strongly limited in their payload and power capacity . in order to implement autonomous navigation , algorithms are therefore desirable that use sensory equipment that is as small , low - weight , and low - power consuming as possible . in this paper , we propose a method for autonomous mav navigation and exploration using a low - cost consumer - grade quadrocopter equipped with a monocular camera . our vision - based navigation system bu ←
→ engagement detection in meetings ; group meetings are frequent business events aimed to develop and conduct project work , such as big room design and construction project meetings . to be effective in these meetings , participants need to have an engaged mental state . the mental state of participants however , is hidden from other participants , and thereby difficult to evaluate . mental state is understood as an inner process of thinking and feeling , that is formed of a conglomerate of mental representations an ←
→ rationalizing neural predictions ; prediction without justification has limited applicability . as a remedy , we learn to extract pieces of input text as justifications -- rationales -- that are tailored to be short and coherent , yet sufficient for making the same prediction . our approach combines two modular components , generator and encoder , which are trained to operate well together . the generator specifies a distribution over text fragments as candidate rationales and these are passed through the encoder ←
→ a state - of - the - art of semantic change computation ; this paper reviews the state - of - the - art of semantic change computation , one emerging research field in computational linguistics , proposing a framework that summarizes the literature by identifying and expounding five essential components in the field : diachronic corpus , diachronic word sense characterization , change modelling , evaluation data and data visualization . despite the potential of the field , the review shows that current studies are mainly focus ←
→ fuzzy paraphrases in learning word representations with a lexicon ; a synonym of a polysemous word is usually only the paraphrase of one sense among many . when lexicons are used to improve vector - space word representations , such paraphrases are unreliable and bring noise to the vector - space . the prior works use a coefficient to adjust the overall learning of the lexicons . they regard the paraphrases equally . in this paper , we propose a novel approach that regards the paraphrases diversely to alleviate the a ←
→ reinforcement control with hierarchical backpropagated adaptive critics ; present incremental learning methods are limited in the ability to achieve reliable credit assignment over a large number time steps ( or events ). however , this situation is typical for cases where the dynamical system to be controlled requires relatively frequent control updates in order to maintain stability or robustness yet has some action - consequences which must be established over relatively long periods of time . to address this ←
→ the asymptotics of ranking algorithms ; we consider the predictive problem of supervised ranking , where the task is to rank sets of candidate items returned in response to queries . although there exist statistical procedures that come with guarantees of consistency in this setting , these procedures require that individuals provide a complete ranking of all items , which is rarely feasible in practice . instead , individuals routinely provide partial preference information , such as pairwise comparisons of items ←
→ multi - attribute robust component analysis for facial uv maps ; recently , due to the collection of large scale 3d face models , as well as the advent of deep learning , a significant progress has been made in the field of 3d face alignment " in - the - wild ". that is , many methods have been proposed that establish sparse or dense 3d correspondences between a 2d facial image and a 3d face model . the utilization of 3d face alignment introduces new challenges and research directions , especially on the analysis of faci ←
→ joint calibration for semantic segmentation ; semantic segmentation is the task of assigning a class - label to each pixel in an image . we propose a region - based semantic segmentation framework which handles both full and weak supervision , and addresses three common problems : ( 1 ) objects occur at multiple scales and therefore we should use regions at multiple scales . however , these regions are overlapping which creates conflicting class predictions at the pixel - level . ( 2 ) class frequencies are highly imbalanc ←
→ characterizing diabetes , diet , exercise , and obesity comments on twitter ; social media provide a platform for users to express their opinions and share information . understanding public health opinions on social media , such as twitter , offers a unique approach to characterizing common health issues such as diabetes , diet , exercise , and obesity ( ddeo ), however , collecting and analyzing a large scale conversational public health data set is a challenging research task . the goal of this research is to analyze ←
→ learning when to trust distant supervision : an application to low - resource pos tagging using cross - lingual projection ; cross lingual projection of linguistic annotation suffers from many sources of bias and noise , leading to unreliable annotations that cannot be used directly . in this paper , we introduce a novel approach to sequence tagging that learns to correct the errors from cross - lingual projection using an explicit debiasing layer . this is framed as joint learning over two corpora , one tagged with ←
→ 3d hand pose detection in egocentric rgb - d images ; we focus on the task of everyday hand pose estimation from egocentric viewpoints . for this task , we show that depth sensors are particularly informative for extracting near - field interactions of the camera wearer with his / her environment . despite the recent advances in full - body pose estimation using kinect - like sensors , reliable monocular hand pose estimation in rgb - d images is still an unsolved problem . the problem is considerably exacerbated when analyz ←
→ continuous implicit authentication for mobile devices based on adaptive neuro - fuzzy inference system ; as mobile devices have become indispensable in modern life , mobile security is becoming much more important . traditional password or pin - like point - of - entry security measures score low on usability and are vulnerable to brute force and other types of attacks . in order to improve mobile security , an adaptive neuro - fuzzy inference system ( anfis )- based implicit authentication system is proposed in this paper ←
→ statistical - mechanical analysis of pre - training and fine tuning in deep learning ; in this paper , we present a statistical - mechanical analysis of deep learning . we elucidate some of the essential components of deep learning --- pre - training by unsupervised learning and fine tuning by supervised learning . we formulate the extraction of features from the training data as a margin criterion in a high - dimensional feature - vector space . the self - organized classifier is then supplied with small amounts of labelled ←
→ compound poisson processes , latent shrinkage priors and bayesian nonconvex penalization ; in this paper we discuss bayesian nonconvex penalization for sparse learning problems . we explore a nonparametric formulation for latent shrinkage parameters using subordinators which are one - dimensional l \'{ e } vy processes . we particularly study a family of continuous compound poisson subordinators and a family of discrete compound poisson subordinators . we exemplify four specific subordinators : gamma , poisson , negat ←
→ dynamic probabilistic network based human action recognition ; this paper examines use of dynamic probabilistic networks ( dpn ) for human action recognition . the actions of lifting objects and walking in the room , sitting in the room and neutral standing pose were used for testing the classification . the research used the dynamic interrelation between various different regions of interest ( roi ) on the human body ( face , body , arms , legs ) and the time series based events related to the these rois . this dynamic ←
→ object detection by spatio - temporal analysis and tracking of the detected objects in a video with variable background ; in this paper we propose a novel approach for detecting and tracking objects in videos with variable background i . e . videos captured by moving cameras without any additional sensor . in a video captured by a moving camera , both the background and foreground are changing in each frame of the image sequence . so for these videos , modeling a single background with traditional background model ←
→ the decision - theoretic interactive video advisor ; the need to help people choose among large numbers of items and to filter through large amounts of information has led to a flood of research in construction of personal recommendation agents . one of the central issues in constructing such agents is the representation and elicitation of user preferences or interests . this topic has long been studied in decision theory , but surprisingly little work in the area of recommender systems has made use of formal de ←
→ senns : sparse extraction neural networks for feature extraction ; by drawing on ideas from optimisation theory , artificial neural networks ( ann ), graph embeddings and sparse representations , i develop a novel technique , termed senns ( sparse extraction neural networks ), aimed at addressing the feature extraction problem . the proposed method uses ( preferably deep ) anns for projecting input attribute vectors to an output space wherein pairwise distances are maximized for vectors belonging to different classes ,←
→ a linear framework for region - based image segmentation and inpainting involving curvature penalization ; we present the first method to handle curvature regularity in region - based image segmentation and inpainting that is independent of initialization . to this end we start from a new formulation of length - based optimization schemes , based on surface continuation constraints , and discuss the connections to existing schemes . the formulation is based on a \ emph { cell complex } and considers basic regions and ←
→ 3d pose regression using convolutional neural networks ; 3d pose estimation is a key component of many important computer vision tasks such as autonomous navigation and 3d scene understanding . most state - of - the - art approaches to 3d pose estimation solve this problem as a pose - classification problem in which the pose space is discretized into bins and a cnn classifier is used to predict a pose bin . we argue that the 3d pose space is continuous and propose to solve the pose estimation problem in a cnn regress ←
→ unsupervised anomaly detection via variational auto - encoder for seasonal kpis in web applications ; to ensure undisrupted business , large internet companies need to closely monitor various kpis ( e . g ., page views , number of online users , and number of orders ) of its web applications , to accurately detect anomalies and trigger timely troubleshooting / mitigation . however , anomaly detection for these seasonal kpis with various patterns and data quality has been a great challenge , especially without labels . in ←
→ comparing the writing style of real and artificial papers ; recent years have witnessed the increase of competition in science . while promoting the quality of research in many cases , an intense competition among scientists can also trigger unethical scientific behaviors . to increase the total number of published papers , some authors even resort to software tools that are able to produce grammatical , but meaningless scientific manuscripts . because automatically generated papers can be misunderstood as real p ←
→ learning shared representations in multi - task reinforcement learning ; we investigate a paradigm in multi - task reinforcement learning ( mt - rl ) in which an agent is placed in an environment and needs to learn to perform a series of tasks , within this space . since the environment does not change , there is potentially a lot of common ground amongst tasks and learning to solve them individually seems extremely wasteful . in this paper , we explicitly model and learn this shared structure as it arises in the state -←
→ reconstruction - based disentanglement for pose - invariant face recognition ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) trained on large - scale datasets have recently achieved impressive improvements in face recognition . but a persistent challenge remains to develop methods capable of handling large pose variations that are relatively underrepresented in training data . this paper presents a method for learning a feature representation that is invariant to pose , without requiring extensive pose coverage in training data . we f ←
→ simultaneous learning of trees and representations for extreme classification and density estimation ; we consider multi - class classification where the predictor has a hierarchical structure that allows for a very large number of labels both at train and test time . the predictive power of such models can heavily depend on the structure of the tree , and although past work showed how to learn the tree structure , it expected that the feature vectors remained static . we provide a novel algorithm to simultaneo ←
→ apple picker : automatic particle picking , a low - effort cryo - em framework ; particle picking is a crucial first step in the computational pipeline of single - particle cryo - electron microscopy ( cryo - em ). selecting particles from the micrographs is difficult especially for small particles with low contrast . as high - resolution reconstruction typically requires hundreds of thousands of particles , manually picking that many particles is often too time - consuming . while semi - automated particle picking is currently a ←
→ limbo : a fast and flexible library for bayesian optimization ; limbo is an open - source c ++ 11 library for bayesian optimization which is designed to be both highly flexible and very fast . it can be used to optimize functions for which the gradient is unknown , evaluations are expensive , and runtime cost matters ( e . g ., on embedded systems or robots ). benchmarks on standard functions show that limbo is about 2 times faster than bayesopt ( another c ++ library ) for a similar accuracy .←
→ unsupervised learning human ' s activities by overexpressed recognized non - speech sounds ; human activity and environment produces sounds such as , at home , the noise produced by water , cough , or television . these sounds can be used to determine the activity in the environment . the objective is to monitor a person ' s activity or determine his environment using a single low cost microphone by sound analysis . the purpose is to adapt programs to the activity or environment or detect abnormal situations . some pat ←
→ distributed gaussian processes ; to scale gaussian processes ( gps ) to large data sets we introduce the robust bayesian committee machine ( rbcm ), a practical and scalable product - of - experts model for large - scale distributed gp regression . unlike state - of - the - art sparse gp approximations , the rbcm is conceptually simple and does not rely on inducing or variational parameters . the key idea is to recursively distribute computations to independent computational units and , subsequently , recombine them to form an ←
→ two timescale convergent q - learning for sleep -- scheduling in wireless sensor networks ; in this paper , we consider an intrusion detection application for wireless sensor networks ( wsns ). we study the problem of scheduling the sleep times of the individual sensors to maximize the network lifetime while keeping the tracking error to a minimum . we formulate this problem as a partially - observable markov decision process ( pomdp ) with continuous state - action spaces , in a manner similar to ( fuemmeler and veerava ←
→ images don ' t lie : transferring deep visual semantic features to large - scale multimodal learning to rank ; search is at the heart of modern e - commerce . as a result , the task of ranking search results automatically ( learning to rank ) is a multibillion dollar machine learning problem . traditional models optimize over a few hand - constructed features based on the item ' s text . in this paper , we introduce a multimodal learning to rank model that combines these traditional features with visual semantic features t ←
→ stochastic learning of multi - instance dictionary for earth mover ' s distance based histogram comparison ; dictionary plays an important role in multi - instance data representation . it maps bags of instances to histograms . earth mover ' s distance ( emd ) is the most effective histogram distance metric for the application of multi - instance retrieval . however , up to now , there is no existing multi - instance dictionary learning methods designed for emd based histogram comparison . to fill this gap , we develop the fi ←
→ neuron pruning for compressing deep networks using maxout architectures ; this paper presents an efficient and robust approach for reducing the size of deep neural networks by pruning entire neurons . it exploits maxout units for combining neurons into more complex convex functions and it makes use of a local relevance measurement that ranks neurons according to their activation on the training set for pruning them . additionally , a parameter reduction comparison between neuron and weight pruning is shown . it ←
→ an event network for exploring open information ; in this paper , an event network is presented for exploring open information , where linguistic units about an event are organized for analysing . the process is divided into three steps : document event detection , event network construction and event network analysis . first , by implementing event detection or tracking , documents are retrospectively ( or on - line ) organized into document events . secondly , for each of the document event , linguistic units are extrac ←
→ multi - task sequence to sequence learning ; sequence to sequence learning has recently emerged as a new paradigm in supervised learning . to date , most of its applications focused on only one task and not much work explored this framework for multiple tasks . this paper examines three multi - task learning ( mtl ) settings for sequence to sequence models : ( a ) the oneto - many setting - where the encoder is shared between several tasks such as machine translation and syntactic parsing , ( b ) the many - to - one setting - u ←
→ automata networks for memory loss effects in the formation of linguistic conventions ; this work attempts to give new theoretical insights to the absence of intermediate stages in the evolution of language . in particular , it is developed an automata networks approach to a crucial question : how a population of language users can reach agreement on a linguistic convention ? to describe the appearance of sharp transitions in the self - organization of language , it is adopted an extremely simple model of ( workin ←
→ distral : robust multitask reinforcement learning ; most deep reinforcement learning algorithms are data inefficient in complex and rich environments , limiting their applicability to many scenarios . one direction for improving data efficiency is multitask learning with shared neural network parameters , where efficiency may be improved through transfer across related tasks . in practice , however , this is not usually observed , because gradients from different tasks can interfere negatively , making learning unst ←
→ fluency - guided cross - lingual image captioning ; image captioning has so far been explored mostly in english , as most available datasets are in this language . however , the application of image captioning should not be restricted by language . only few studies have been conducted for image captioning in a cross - lingual setting . different from these works that manually build a dataset for a target language , we aim to learn a cross - lingual captioning model fully from machine - translated sentences . to conquer the ←
→ graph kernels based on high order graphlet parsing and hashing ; graph - based methods are known to be successful in many machine learning and pattern classification tasks . these methods consider semi - structured data as graphs where nodes correspond to primitives ( parts , interest points , segments , etc .) and edges characterize the relationships between these primitives . however , these non - vectorial graph data cannot be straightforwardly plugged into off - the - shelf machine learning algorithms without a prelimina ←
→ patterns in the english language : phonological networks , percolation and assembly models ; in this paper we provide a quantitative framework for the study of phonological networks ( pns ) for the english language by carrying out principled comparisons to null models , either based on site percolation , randomization techniques , or network growth models . in contrast to previous work , we mainly focus on null models that reproduce lower order characteristics of the empirical data . we find that artificial network ←
→ types of cognition and its implications for future high - level cognitive machines ; this work summarizes part of current knowledge on high - level cognitive process and its relation with biological hardware . thus , it is possible to identify some paradoxes which could impact the development of future technologies and artificial intelligence : we may make a high - level cognitive machine , sacrificing the principal attribute of a machine , its accuracy .←
→ a fusion method based on decision reliability ratio for finger vein verification ; finger vein verification has developed a lot since its first proposal , but there is still not a perfect algorithm . it is proved that algorithms with the same overall accuracy may have different misclassified patterns . we could make use of this complementation to fuse individual algorithms together for more precise result . according to our observation , algorithm has different confidence on its decisions but it is seldom cons ←
→ an expert system for automatic reading of a text written in standard arabic ; in this work we present our expert system of automatic reading or speech synthesis based on a text written in standard arabic , our work is carried out in two great stages : the creation of the sound data base , and the transformation of the written text into speech ( text to speech tts ). this transformation is done firstly by a phonetic orthographical transcription ( pot ) of any written standard arabic text with the aim of transform ←
→ reasoning in infinitely valued g - ialcq ; fuzzy description logics ( fdls ) are logic - based formalisms used to represent and reason with vague or imprecise knowledge . it has been recently shown that reasoning in most fdls using truth values from the interval [ 0 , 1 ] becomes undecidable in the presence of a negation constructor and general concept inclusion axioms . one exception to this negative result are fdls whose semantics is based on the infinitely valued g \" odel t - norm ( g ). in this paper , we extend previous ←
→ modeling retinal ganglion cell population activity with restricted boltzmann machines ; the retina is a complex nervous system which encodes visual stimuli before higher order processing occurs in the visual cortex . in this study we evaluated whether information about the stimuli received by the retina can be retrieved from the firing rate distribution of retinal ganglion cells ( rgcs ), exploiting high - density 64x64 mea technology . to this end , we modeled the rgc population activity using mean - covariance r ←
→ spatial mapping with gaussian processes and nonstationary fourier features ; the use of covariance kernels is ubiquitous in the field of spatial statistics . kernels allow data to be mapped into high - dimensional feature spaces and can thus extend simple linear additive methods to nonlinear methods with higher order interactions . however , until recently , there has been a strong reliance on a limited class of stationary kernels such as the matern or squared exponential , limiting the expressiveness of these m ←
→ cumulative and averaging fission of beliefs ; belief fusion is the principle of combining separate beliefs or bodies of evidence originating from different sources . depending on the situation to be modelled , different belief fusion methods can be applied . cumulative and averaging belief fusion is defined for fusing opinions in subjective logic , and for fusing belief functions in general . the principle of fission is the opposite of fusion , namely to eliminate the contribution of a specific belief from an alr ←
→ indoor semantic segmentation using depth information ; this work addresses multi - class segmentation of indoor scenes with rgb - d inputs . while this area of research has gained much attention recently , most works still rely on hand - crafted features . in contrast , we apply a multiscale convolutional network to learn features directly from the images and the depth information . we obtain state - of - the - art on the nyu - v2 depth dataset with an accuracy of 64 . 5 %. we illustrate the labeling of indoor scenes in videos s ←
→ étude et traitement automatique de l ' anglais du xviie siècle : outils morphosyntaxiques et dictionnaires ; in this article , we record the main linguistic differences or singularities of 17th century english , analyse them morphologically and syntactically and propose equivalent forms in contemporary english . we show how 17th century texts may be transcribed into modern english , combining the use of electronic dictionaries with rules of transcription implemented as transducers . apr \` es avoir expos \' e la con ←
→ vehicle detection from 3d lidar using fully convolutional network ; convolutional network techniques have recently achieved great success in vision based detection tasks . this paper introduces the recent development of our research on transplanting the fully convolutional network technique to the detection tasks on 3d range scan data . specifically , the scenario is set as the vehicle detection task from the range data of velodyne 64e lidar . we proposes to present the data in a 2d point map and use a single 2 ←
→ automatic construction and natural - language description of nonparametric regression models ; this paper presents the beginnings of an automatic statistician , focusing on regression problems . our system explores an open - ended space of statistical models to discover a good explanation of a data set , and then produces a detailed report with figures and natural - language text . our approach treats unknown regression functions nonparametrically using gaussian processes , which has two important consequences . firs ←
→ independent screening for single - index hazard rate models with ultra - high dimensional features ; in data sets with many more features than observations , independent screening based on all univariate regression models leads to a computationally convenient variable selection method . recent efforts have shown that in the case of generalized linear models , independent screening may suffice to capture all relevant features with high probability , even in ultra - high dimension . it is unclear whether this formal s ←
→ video tracking using learned hierarchical features ; in this paper , we propose an approach to learn hierarchical features for visual object tracking . first , we offline learn features robust to diverse motion patterns from auxiliary video sequences . the hierarchical features are learned via a two - layer convolutional neural network . embedding the temporal slowness constraint in the stacked architecture makes the learned features robust to complicated motion transformations , which is important for visual objec ←
→ marketing analytics : methods , practice , implementation , and links to other fields ; marketing analytics is a diverse field , with both academic researchers and practitioners coming from a range of backgrounds including marketing , operations research , statistics , and computer science . this paper provides an integrative review at the boundary of these three areas . the topics of visualization , segmentation , and class prediction are featured . links between the disciplines are emphasized . for each of these topi ←
→ fast deterministic tourist walk for texture analysis ; deterministic tourist walk ( dtw ) has attracted increasing interest in computer vision . in the last years , different methods for analysis of dynamic and static textures were proposed . so far , all works based on the dtw for texture analysis use all image pixels as initial point of a walk . however , this requires much runtime . in this paper , we conducted a study to verify the performance of the dtw method according to the number of initial points to start a ←
→ efficiently trainable text - to - speech system based on deep convolutional networks with guided attention ; this paper describes a novel text - to - speech ( tts ) technique based on deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ), without any recurrent units . recurrent neural network ( rnn ) has been a standard technique to model sequential data recently , and this technique has been used in some cutting - edge neural tts techniques . however , training rnn component often requires a very powerful computer , or very long time t ←
→ on the importance of consistency in training deep neural networks ; we explain that the difficulties of training deep neural networks come from a syndrome of three consistency issues . this paper describes our efforts in their analysis and treatment . the first issue is the training speed inconsistency in different layers . we propose to address it with an intuitive , simple - to - implement , low footprint second - order method . the second issue is the scale inconsistency between the layer inputs and the layer residu ←
→ graph planning with expected finite horizon ; graph planning gives rise to fundamental algorithmic questions such as shortest path , traveling salesman problem , etc . a classical problem in discrete planning is to consider a weighted graph and construct a path that maximizes the sum of weights for a given time horizon $ t $. however , in many scenarios , the time horizon is not fixed , but the stopping time is chosen according to some distribution such that the expected stopping time is $ t $. if the stopping time d ←
→ generative models for spear phishing posts on social media ; historically , machine learning in computer security has prioritized defense : think intrusion detection systems , malware classification , and botnet traffic identification . offense can benefit from data just as well . social networks , with their access to extensive personal data , bot - friendly apis , colloquial syntax , and prevalence of shortened links , are the perfect venues for spreading machine - generated malicious content . we aim to discover what ca ←
→ scalability in neural control of musculoskeletal robots ; anthropomimetic robots are robots that sense , behave , interact and feel like humans . by this definition , anthropomimetic robots require human - like physical hardware and actuation , but also brain - like control and sensing . the most self - evident realization to meet those requirements would be a human - like musculoskeletal robot with a brain - like neural controller . while both musculoskeletal robotic hardware and neural control software have existed for de ←
→ denoising and completion of 3d data via multidimensional dictionary learning ; in this paper a new dictionary learning algorithm for multidimensional data is proposed . unlike most conventional dictionary learning methods which are derived for dealing with vectors or matrices , our algorithm , named ktsvd , learns a multidimensional dictionary directly via a novel algebraic approach for tensor factorization as proposed in [ 3 , 12 , 13 ]. using this approach one can define a tensor - svd and we propose to extend k -←
→ automatic concept discovery from parallel text and visual corpora ; humans connect language and vision to perceive the world . how to build a similar connection for computers ? one possible way is via visual concepts , which are text terms that relate to visually discriminative entities . we propose an automatic visual concept discovery algorithm using parallel text and visual corpora ; it filters text terms based on the visual discriminative power of the associated images , and groups them into concepts using vi ←
→ the feature importance ranking measure ; most accurate predictions are typically obtained by learning machines with complex feature spaces ( as e . g . induced by kernels ). unfortunately , such decision rules are hardly accessible to humans and cannot easily be used to gain insights about the application domain . therefore , one often resorts to linear models in combination with variable selection , thereby sacrificing some predictive power for presumptive interpretability . here , we introduce the feature importance ←
→ learning efficient convolutional networks through network slimming ; the deployment of deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) in many real world applications is largely hindered by their high computational cost . in this paper , we propose a novel learning scheme for cnns to simultaneously 1 ) reduce the model size ; 2 ) decrease the run - time memory footprint ; and 3 ) lower the number of computing operations , without compromising accuracy . this is achieved by enforcing channel - level sparsity in the network in ←
→ parallax effect free mosaicing of underwater video sequence based on texture features ; in this paper , we present feature - based technique for construction of mosaic image from underwater video sequence , which suffers from parallax distortion due to propagation properties of light in the underwater environment . the most of the available mosaic tools and underwater image mosaicing techniques yields final result with some artifacts such as blurring , ghosting and seam due to presence of parallax in the input ←
→ learning of human - like algebraic reasoning using deep feedforward neural networks ; there is a wide gap between symbolic reasoning and deep learning . in this research , we explore the possibility of using deep learning to improve symbolic reasoning . briefly , in a reasoning system , a deep feedforward neural network is used to guide rewriting processes after learning from algebraic reasoning examples produced by humans . to enable the neural network to recognise patterns of algebraic expressions with non - dete ←
→ factors of transferability for a generic convnet representation ; evidence is mounting that convolutional networks ( convnets ) are the most effective representation learning method for visual recognition tasks . in the common scenario , a convnet is trained on a large labeled dataset ( source ) and the feed - forward units activation of the trained network , at a certain layer of the network , is used as a generic representation of an input image for a task with relatively smaller training set ( target ). recent studi ←
→ loide : a web - based ide for logic programming - preliminary technical report ; logic - based paradigms are nowadays widely used in many different fields , also thank to the availability of robust tools and systems that allow the development of real - world and industrial applications . in this work we present loide , an advanced and modular web - editor for logic - based languages that also integrates with state - of - the - art solvers .←
→ toward psycho - robots ; we try to perform geometrization of psychology by representing mental states , << ideas >>, by points of a metric space , << mental space >>. evolution of ideas is described by dynamical systems in metric mental space . we apply the mental space approach for modeling of flows of unconscious and conscious information in the human brain . in a series of models , models 1 - 4 , we consider cognitive systems with increasing complexity of psychological behavior determined by structure of flows of idea ←
→ an in - field automatic wheat disease diagnosis system ; crop diseases are responsible for the major production reduction and economic losses in agricultural industry world - wide . monitoring for health status of crops is critical to control the spread of diseases and implement effective management . this paper presents an in - field automatic wheat disease diagnosis system based on a weakly super - vised deep learning framework , i . e . deep multiple instance learning , which achieves an integration of identification ←
→ expectation propagation in gaussian process dynamical systems : extended version ; rich and complex time - series data , such as those generated from engineering systems , financial markets , videos or neural recordings , are now a common feature of modern data analysis . explaining the phenomena underlying these diverse data sets requires flexible and accurate models . in this paper , we promote gaussian process dynamical systems ( gpds ) as a rich model class that is appropriate for such analysis . in particular , we ←
→ co - saliency detection for rgbd images based on multi - constraint feature matching and cross label propagation ; co - saliency detection aims at extracting the common salient regions from an image group containing two or more relevant images . it is a newly emerging topic in computer vision community . different from the most existing co - saliency methods focusing on rgb images , this paper proposes a novel co - saliency detection model for rgbd images , which utilizes the depth information to enhance identification ←
→ nonlinear vector filtering for impulsive noise removal from color images ; in this paper , a comprehensive survey of 48 filters for impulsive noise removal from color images is presented . the filters are formulated using a uniform notation and categorized into 8 families . the performance of these filters is compared on a large set of images that cover a variety of domains using three effectiveness and one efficiency criteria . in order to ensure a fair efficiency comparison , a fast and accurate approximation ←
→ learning texture manifolds with the periodic spatial gan ; this paper introduces a novel approach to texture synthesis based on generative adversarial networks ( gan ) ( goodfellow et al ., 2014 ). we extend the structure of the input noise distribution by constructing tensors with different types of dimensions . we call this technique periodic spatial gan ( psgan ). the psgan has several novel abilities which surpass the current state of the art in texture synthesis . first , we can learn multiple textures from data ←
→ a neural network approach to ordinal regression ; ordinal regression is an important type of learning , which has properties of both classification and regression . here we describe a simple and effective approach to adapt a traditional neural network to learn ordinal categories . our approach is a generalization of the perceptron method for ordinal regression . on several benchmark datasets , our method ( nnrank ) outperforms a neural network classification method . compared with the ordinal regression methods usi ←
→ the robustness of estimator composition ; we formalize notions of robustness for composite estimators via the notion of a breakdown point . a composite estimator successively applies two ( or more ) estimators : on data decomposed into disjoint parts , it applies the first estimator on each part , then the second estimator on the outputs of the first estimator . and so on , if the composition is of more than two estimators . informally , the breakdown point is the minimum fraction of data points which if significantl ←
→ thchs - 30 : a free chinese speech corpus ; speech data is crucially important for speech recognition research . there are quite some speech databases that can be purchased at prices that are reasonable for most research institutes . however , for young people who just start research activities or those who just gain initial interest in this direction , the cost for data is still an annoying barrier . we support the ` free data ' movement in speech recognition : research institutes ( particularly supported by public f ←
→ a pdtb - styled end - to - end discourse parser ; we have developed a full discourse parser in the penn discourse treebank ( pdtb ) style . our trained parser first identifies all discourse and non - discourse relations , locates and labels their arguments , and then classifies their relation types . when appropriate , the attribution spans to these relations are also determined . we present a comprehensive evaluation from both component - wise and error - cascading perspectives .←
→ random utility theory for social choice ; random utility theory models an agent ' s preferences on alternatives by drawing a real - valued score on each alternative ( typically independently ) from a parameterized distribution , and then ranking the alternatives according to scores . a special case that has received significant attention is the plackett - luce model , for which fast inference methods for maximum likelihood estimators are available . this paper develops conditions on general random utility models that e ←
→ an accelerated clpso algorithm ; the particle swarm approach provides a low complexity solution to the optimization problem among various existing heuristic algorithms . recent advances in the algorithm resulted in improved performance at the cost of increased computational complexity , which is undesirable . literature shows that the particle swarm optimization algorithm based on comprehensive learning provides the best complexity - performance trade - off . we show how to reduce the complexity of this algorithm f ←
→ the ciff proof procedure for abductive logic programming with constraints : theory , implementation and experiments ; we present the ciff proof procedure for abductive logic programming with constraints , and we prove its correctness . ciff is an extension of the iff proof procedure for abductive logic programming , relaxing the original restrictions over variable quantification ( allowedness conditions ) and incorporating a constraint solver to deal with numerical constraints as in constraint logic programming .←
→ input - to - output gate to improve rnn language models ; this paper proposes a reinforcing method that refines the output layers of existing recurrent neural network ( rnn ) language models . we refer to our proposed method as input - to - output gate ( iog ). iog has an extremely simple structure , and thus , can be easily combined with any rnn language models . our experiments on the penn treebank and wikitext - 2 datasets demonstrate that iog consistently boosts the performance of several different types of current topli ←
→ enhancing cooperative coevolution for large scale optimization by adaptively constructing surrogate models ; it has been shown that cooperative coevolution ( cc ) can effectively deal with large scale optimization problems ( lsops ) through a divide - and - conquer strategy . however , its performance is severely restricted by the current context - vector - based sub - solution evaluation method since this method needs to access the original high dimensional simulation model when evaluating each sub - solution and thus req ←
→ kiefer wolfowitz algorithm is asymptotically optimal for a class of non - stationary bandit problems ; we consider the problem of designing an allocation rule or an " online learning algorithm " for a class of bandit problems in which the set of control actions available at each time $ s $ is a convex , compact subset of $\ mathbb { r }^ d $. upon choosing an action $ x $ at time $ s $, the algorithm obtains a noisy value of the unknown and time - varying function $ f_s $ evaluated at $ x $. the " regret " of an algorithm is the ←
→ an extended theory of head - driven parsing ; we show that more head - driven parsing algorithms can be formulated than those occurring in the existing literature . these algorithms are inspired by a family of left - to - right parsing algorithms from a recent publication . we further introduce a more advanced notion of `` head - driven parsing '' which allows more detailed specification of the processing order of non - head elements in the right - hand side . we develop a parsing algorithm for this strategy , based on lr pars ←
→ adaptive decontamination of the training set : a unified formulation for discriminative visual tracking ; tracking - by - detection methods have demonstrated competitive performance in recent years . in these approaches , the tracking model heavily relies on the quality of the training set . due to the limited amount of labeled training data , additional samples need to be extracted and labeled by the tracker itself . this often leads to the inclusion of corrupted training samples , due to occlusions , misalignments ←
→ detecting volcano deformation in insar using deep learning ; globally 800 million people live within 100 km of a volcano and currently 1500 volcanoes are considered active , but half of these have no ground - based monitoring . alternatively , satellite radar ( insar ) can be employed to observe volcanic ground deformation , which has shown a significant statistical link to eruptions . modern satellites provide large coverage with high resolution signals , leading to huge amounts of data . the explosion in data has br ←
→ bayesian paragraph vectors ; word2vec ( mikolov et al ., 2013 ) has proven to be successful in natural language processing by capturing the semantic relationships between different words . built on top of single - word embeddings , paragraph vectors ( le and mikolov , 2014 ) find fixed - length representations for pieces of text with arbitrary lengths , such as documents , paragraphs , and sentences . in this work , we propose a novel interpretation for neural - network - based paragraph vectors by developing an unsupervised ge ←
→ genetic programming for kernel - based learning with co - evolving subsets selection ; support vector machines ( svms ) are well - established machine learning ( ml ) algorithms . they rely on the fact that i ) linear learning can be formalized as a well - posed optimization problem ; ii ) non - linear learning can be brought into linear learning thanks to the kernel trick and the mapping of the initial search space onto a high dimensional feature space . the kernel is designed by the ml expert and it governs the efficiency ←
→ using robdds for inference in bayesian networks with troubleshooting as an example ; when using bayesian networks for modelling the behavior of man - made machinery , it usually happens that a large part of the model is deterministic . for such bayesian networks deterministic part of the model can be represented as a boolean function , and a central part of belief updating reduces to the task of calculating the number of satisfying configurations in a boolean function . in this paper we explore how advances in ←
→ methods of measurement the three - dimensional wind waves spectra , based on the processing of video images of the sea surface ; optical instruments for measuring surface - wave characteristics provide a better spatial and temporal resolution than other methods , but they face difficulties while converting the results of indirect measurements into absolute levels of the waves . we have solved this problem to some extent . in this paper , we propose an optical method for measuring the 3d power spectral density of t ←
→ missing data estimation in high - dimensional datasets : a swarm intelligence - deep neural network approach ; in this paper , we examine the problem of missing data in high - dimensional datasets by taking into consideration the missing completely at random and missing at random mechanisms , as well as thearbitrary missing pattern . additionally , this paper employs a methodology based on deep learning and swarm intelligence algorithms in order to provide reliable estimates for missing data . the deep learning techn ←
→ incremental construction of minimal acyclic finite - state automata ; in this paper , we describe a new method for constructing minimal , deterministic , acyclic finite - state automata from a set of strings . traditional methods consist of two phases : the first to construct a trie , the second one to minimize it . our approach is to construct a minimal automaton in a single phase by adding new strings one by one and minimizing the resulting automaton on - the - fly . we present a general algorithm as well as a specializa ←
→ semantic segmentation of trajectories with agent models ; in many cases , such as trajectories clustering and classification , we often divide a trajectory into segments as preprocessing . in this paper , we propose a trajectory semantic segmentation method based on learned behavior models . in the proposed method , we learn some behavior models from video sequences . next , using learned behavior models and a hidden markov model , we segment a trajectory into semantic segments . comparing with the ramer - douglas - peuc ←
→ non - uniform stochastic average gradient method for training conditional random fields ; we apply stochastic average gradient ( sag ) algorithms for training conditional random fields ( crfs ). we describe a practical implementation that uses structure in the crf gradient to reduce the memory requirement of this linearly - convergent stochastic gradient method , propose a non - uniform sampling scheme that substantially improves practical performance , and analyze the rate of convergence of the saga variant under no ←
→ adaptive mixed norm optical flow estimation ; the pel - recursive computation of 2 - d optical flow has been extensively studied in computer vision to estimate motion from image sequences , but it still raises a wealth of issues , such as the treatment of outliers , motion discontinuities and occlusion . it relies on spatio - temporal brightness variations due to motion . our proposed adaptive regularized approach deals with these issues within a common framework . it relies on the use of a data - driven technique called ←
→ facets , tiers and gems : ontology patterns for hypernormalisation ; there are many methodologies and techniques for easing the task of ontology building . here we describe the intersection of two of these : ontology normalisation and fully programmatic ontology development . the first of these describes a standardized organisation for an ontology , with singly inherited self - standing entities , and a number of small taxonomies of refining entities . the former are described and defined in terms of the latter and u ←
→ transfer of view - manifold learning to similarity perception of novel objects ; we develop a model of perceptual similarity judgment based on re - training a deep convolution neural network ( dcnn ) that learns to associate different views of each 3d object to capture the notion of object persistence and continuity in our visual experience . the re - training process effectively performs distance metric learning under the object persistency constraints , to modify the view - manifold of object representations . it re ←
→ effective building block design for deep convolutional neural networks using search ; deep learning has shown promising results on many machine learning tasks but dl models are often complex networks with large number of neurons and layers , and recently , complex layer structures known as building blocks . finding the best deep model requires a combination of finding both the right architecture and the correct set of parameters appropriate for that architecture . in addition , this complexity ( in terms of lay ←
→ lifted message passing for the generalized belief propagation ; we introduce the lifted generalized belief propagation ( gbp ) message passing algorithm , for the computation of sum - product queries in probabilistic relational models ( e . g . markov logic network ). the algorithm forms a compact region graph and establishes a modified version of message passing , which mimics the gbp behavior in a corresponding ground model . the compact graph is obtained by exploiting a graphical representation of clusters , which re ←
→ gpgpu acceleration of the kaze image feature extraction algorithm ; the recently proposed open - source kaze image feature detection and description algorithm offers unprecedented performance in comparison to conventional ones like sift and surf as it relies on nonlinear scale spaces instead of gaussian linear scale spaces . the improved performance , however , comes with a significant computational cost limiting its use for many applications . we report a gpgpu implementation of the kaze algorithm without resort ←
→ brain : biological noise - based logic ; neural spikes in the brain form stochastic sequences , i . e ., belong to the class of pulse noises . this stochasticity is a counterintuitive feature because extracting information - such as the commonly supposed neural information of mean spike frequency - requires long times for reasonably low error probability . the mystery could be solved by noise - based logic , wherein randomness has an important function and allows large speed enhancements for special - purpose tasks , and ←
→ convex coupled matrix and tensor completion ; we propose a set of convex low rank inducing norms for a coupled matrices and tensors ( hereafter coupled tensors ), which shares information between matrices and tensors through common modes . more specifically , we propose a mixture of the overlapped trace norm and the latent norms with the matrix trace norm , and then , we propose a new completion algorithm based on the proposed norms . a key advantage of the proposed norms is that it is convex and can find a global ←
→ transfer prototype - based fuzzy clustering ; the traditional prototype based clustering methods , such as the well - known fuzzy c - mean ( fcm ) algorithm , usually need sufficient data to find a good clustering partition . if the available data is limited or scarce , most of the existing prototype based clustering algorithms will no longer be effective . while the data for the current clustering task may be scarce , there is usually some useful knowledge available in the related scenes / domains . in this study , the conc ←
→ author name disambiguation by using deep neural network ; author name ambiguity decreases the quality and reliability of information retrieved from digital libraries . existing methods have tried to solve this problem by predefining a feature set based on expert ' s knowledge for a specific dataset . in this paper , we propose a new approach which uses deep neural network to learn features automatically from data . additionally , we propose the general system architecture for author name disambiguation on any data ←
→ positive - unlabeled convolutional neural networks for particle picking in cryo - electron micrographs ; cryo - electron microscopy ( cryoem ) is fast becoming the preferred method for protein structure determination . particle picking is a significant bottleneck in the solving of protein structures from single particle cryoem . hand labeling sufficient numbers of particles can take months of effort and current computationally based approaches are often ineffective . here , we frame particle picking as a positive - unl ←
→ low - dose spectral ct reconstruction using l0 image gradient and tensor dictionary ; spectral computed tomography ( ct ) has a great superiority in lesion detection , tissue characterization and material decomposition . to further extend its potential clinical applications , in this work , we propose an improved tensor dictionary learning method for low - dose spectral ct reconstruction with a constraint of image gradient l0 - norm , which is named as l0tdl . the l0tdl method inherits the advantages of tensor dictiona ←
→ a human - grounded evaluation benchmark for local explanations of machine learning ; in order for people to be able to trust and take advantage of the results of advanced machine learning and artificial intelligence solutions for real decision making , people need to be able to understand the machine rationale for given output . research in explain artificial intelligence ( xai ) addresses the aim , but there is a need for evaluation of human relevance and understandability of explanations . our work contributes ←
→ spatial phase - sweep : increasing temporal resolution of transient imaging using a light source array ; transient imaging or light - in - flight techniques capture the propagation of an ultra - short pulse of light through a scene , which in effect captures the optical impulse response of the scene . recently , it has been shown that we can capture transient images using commercially available time - of - flight ( tof ) systems such as photonic mixer devices ( pmd ). in this paper , we propose ` spatial phase - sweep ', a techni ←
→ approximate vanishing ideal via data knotting ; the vanishing ideal is a set of polynomials that takes zero value on the given data points . originally proposed in computer algebra , the vanishing ideal has been recently exploited for extracting the nonlinear structures of data in many applications . to avoid overfitting to noisy data , the polynomials are often designed to approximately rather than exactly equal zero on the designated data . although such approximations empirically demonstrate high performance ,←
→ refinements of universal approximation results for deep belief networks and restricted boltzmann machines ; we improve recently published results about resources of restricted boltzmann machines ( rbm ) and deep belief networks ( dbn ) required to make them universal approximators . we show that any distribution p on the set of binary vectors of length n can be arbitrarily well approximated by an rbm with k - 1 hidden units , where k is the minimal number of pairs of binary vectors differing in only one entry suc ←
→ onemax in black - box models with several restrictions ; black - box complexity studies lower bounds for the efficiency of general - purpose black - box optimization algorithms such as evolutionary algorithms and other search heuristics . different models exist , each one being designed to analyze a different aspect of typical heuristics such as the memory size or the variation operators in use . while most of the previous works focus on one particular such aspect , we consider in this work how the combination of sever ←
→ dynamic label graph matching for unsupervised video re - identification ; label estimation is an important component in an unsupervised person re - identification ( re - id ) system . this paper focuses on cross - camera label estimation , which can be subsequently used in feature learning to learn robust re - id models . specifically , we propose to construct a graph for samples in each camera , and then graph matching scheme is introduced for cross - camera labeling association . while labels directly output from existing gr ←
→ fast mixing for latent dirichlet allocation ; markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) algorithms are ubiquitous in probability theory in general and in machine learning in particular . a markov chain is devised so that its stationary distribution is some probability distribution of interest . then one samples from the given distribution by running the markov chain for a " long time " until it appears to be stationary and then collects the sample . however these chains are often very complex and there are no theoretical ←
→ spectral ergodicity in deep learning architectures via surrogate random matrices ; in this work a novel method to quantify spectral ergodicity for random matrices is presented . the new methodology combines approaches rooted in the metrics of thirumalai - mountain ( tm ) and kullbach - leibler ( kl ) divergence . the method is applied to a general study of deep and recurrent neural networks via the analysis of random matrix ensembles mimicking typical weight matrices of those systems . in particular , we examine circ ←
→ learning to create and reuse words in open - vocabulary neural language modeling ; fixed - vocabulary language models fail to account for one of the most characteristic statistical facts of natural language : the frequent creation and reuse of new word types . although character - level language models offer a partial solution in that they can create word types not attested in the training corpus , they do not capture the " bursty " distribution of such words . in this paper , we augment a hierarchical lstm language m ←
→ shaping level sets with submodular functions ; we consider a class of sparsity - inducing regularization terms based on submodular functions . while previous work has focused on non - decreasing functions , we explore symmetric submodular functions and their \ lova extensions . we show that the lovasz extension may be seen as the convex envelope of a function that depends on level sets ( i . e ., the set of indices whose corresponding components of the underlying predictor are greater than a given constant ): this leads ←
→ particle gibbs for bayesian additive regression trees ; additive regression trees are flexible non - parametric models and popular off - the - shelf tools for real - world non - linear regression . in application domains , such as bioinformatics , where there is also demand for probabilistic predictions with measures of uncertainty , the bayesian additive regression trees ( bart ) model , introduced by chipman et al . ( 2010 ), is increasingly popular . as data sets have grown in size , however , the standard metropolis - hastings ←
→ deepbinarymask : learning a binary mask for video compressive sensing ; in this paper , we propose a novel encoder - decoder neural network model referred to as deepbinarymask for video compressive sensing . in video compressive sensing one frame is acquired using a set of coded masks ( sensing matrix ) from which a number of video frames is reconstructed , equal to the number of coded masks . the proposed framework is an end - to - end model where the sensing matrix is trained along with the video reconstruction . the e ←
→ actively learning what makes a discrete sequence valid ; deep learning techniques have been hugely successful for traditional supervised and unsupervised machine learning problems . in large part , these techniques solve continuous optimization problems . recently however , discrete generative deep learning models have been successfully used to efficiently search high - dimensional discrete spaces . these methods work by representing discrete objects as sequences , for which powerful sequence - based deep models can ←
→ a method for speeding up value iteration in partially observable markov decision processes ; we present a technique for speeding up the convergence of value iteration for partially observable markov decisions processes ( pomdps ). the underlying idea is similar to that behind modified policy iteration for fully observable markov decision processes ( mdps ). the technique can be easily incorporated into any existing pomdp value iteration algorithms . experiments have been conducted on several test problems with ←
→ towards industrialized conception and production of serious games ; serious games ( sgs ) have experienced a tremendous outburst these last years . video game companies have been producing fun , user - friendly sgs , but their educational value has yet to be proven . meanwhile , cognition research scientist have been developing sgs in such a way as to guarantee an educational gain , but the fun and attractive characteristics featured often would not meet the public ' s expectations . the ideal sg must combine these two ←
→ learning where to attend with deep architectures for image tracking ; we discuss an attentional model for simultaneous object tracking and recognition that is driven by gaze data . motivated by theories of perception , the model consists of two interacting pathways : identity and control , intended to mirror the what and where pathways in neuroscience models . the identity pathway models object appearance and performs classification using deep ( factored )- restricted boltzmann machines . at each point in time the o ←
→ negative learning rates and p - learning ; we present a method of training a differentiable function approximator for a regression task using negative examples . we effect this training using negative learning rates . we also show how this method can be used to perform direct policy learning in a reinforcement learning setting .←
→ generative multiple - instance learning models for quantitative electromyography ; we present a comprehensive study of the use of generative modeling approaches for multiple - instance learning ( mil ) problems . in mil a learner receives training instances grouped together into bags with labels for the bags only ( which might not be correct for the comprised instances ). our work was motivated by the task of facilitating the diagnosis of neuromuscular disorders using sets of motor unit potential trains ( mupts ) de ←
→ accurately and efficiently interpreting human - robot instructions of varying granularities ; humans can ground natural language commands to tasks at both abstract and fine - grained levels of specificity . for instance , a human forklift operator can be instructed to perform a high - level action , like " grab a pallet " or a lowlevel action like " tilt back a little bit ." while robots are also capable of grounding language commands to tasks , previous methods implicitly assume that all commands and tasks reside at a ←
→ compressive sensing adaptation for polynomial chaos expansions ; basis adaptation in homogeneous chaos spaces rely on a suitable rotation of the underlying gaussian germ . several rotations have been proposed in the literature resulting in adaptations with different convergence properties . in this paper we present a new adaptation mechanism that builds on compressive sensing algorithms , resulting in a reduced polynomial chaos approximation with optimal sparsity . the developed adaptation algorithm consists of ←
→ semi automatic color segmentation of document pages ; - this paper presents a semi automatic method used to segment color documents into different uniform color plans . the practical application is dedicated to administrative documents segmentation . in these documents , like in many other cases , color has a semantic meaning : it is then possible to identify some specific regions like manual annotations , rubber stamps or colored highlighting . a first step of user - controlled learning of the desired color plans is ←
→ an operator for entity extraction in mapreduce ; dictionary - based entity extraction involves finding mentions of dictionary entities in text . text mentions are often noisy , containing spurious or missing words . efficient algorithms for detecting approximate entity mentions follow one of two general techniques . the first approach is to build an index on the entities and perform index lookups of document substrings . the second approach recognizes that the number of substrings generated from documents can expl ←
→ sentiment perception of readers and writers in emoji use ; previous research has traditionally analyzed emoji sentiment from the point of view of the reader of the content not the author . here , we analyze emoji sentiment from the point of view of the author and present a emoji sentiment benchmark that was built from an employee happiness dataset where emoji happen to be annotated with daily happiness of the author of the comment . the data spans over 3 years , and 4k employees of 56 companies based in barcelo ←
→ on quantified linguistic approximation ; most fuzzy systems including fuzzy decision support and fuzzy control systems provide out - puts in the form of fuzzy sets that represent the inferred conclusions . linguistic interpretation of such outputs often involves the use of linguistic approximation that assigns a linguistic label to a fuzzy set based on the predefined primary terms , linguistic modifiers and linguistic connectives . more generally , linguistic approximation can be formalized in the terms of the re ←
→ local minima in training of neural networks ; there has been a lot of recent interest in trying to characterize the error surface of deep models . this stems from a long standing question . given that deep networks are highly nonlinear systems optimized by local gradient methods , why do they not seem to be affected by bad local minima ? it is widely believed that training of deep models using gradient methods works so well because the error surface either has no local minima , or if they exist they need to be c ←
→ the complexity of approximately solving influence diagrams ; influence diagrams allow for intuitive and yet precise description of complex situations involving decision making under uncertainty . unfortunately , most of the problems described by influence diagrams are hard to solve . in this paper we discuss the complexity of approximately solving influence diagrams . we do not assume no - forgetting or regularity , which makes the class of problems we address very broad . remarkably , we show that when both the tre ←
→ stability of multi - task kernel regression algorithms ; we study the stability properties of nonlinear multi - task regression in reproducing hilbert spaces with operator - valued kernels . such kernels , a . k . a . multi - task kernels , are appropriate for learning prob - lems with nonscalar outputs like multi - task learning and structured out - put prediction . we show that multi - task kernel regression algorithms are uniformly stable in the general case of infinite - dimensional output spaces . we then derive under mild assu ←
→ flood - filling networks ; state - of - the - art image segmentation algorithms generally consist of at least two successive and distinct computations : a boundary detection process that uses local image information to classify image locations as boundaries between objects , followed by a pixel grouping step such as watershed or connected components that clusters pixels into segments . prior work has varied the complexity and approach employed in these two steps , including the incorporation of multi - layer neural netwo ←
→ robust low - rank tensor recovery : models and algorithms ; robust tensor recovery plays an instrumental role in robustifying tensor decompositions for multilinear data analysis against outliers , gross corruptions and missing values and has a diverse array of applications . in this paper , we study the problem of robust low - rank tensor recovery in a convex optimization framework , drawing upon recent advances in robust principal component analysis and tensor completion . we propose tailored optimization algorithms ←
→ 3 - d rigid models from partial views - global factorization ; the so - called factorization methods recover 3 - d rigid structure from motion by factorizing an observation matrix that collects 2 - d projections of features . these methods became popular due to their robustness - they use a large number of views , which constrains adequately the solution - and computational simplicity - the large number of unknowns is computed through an svd , avoiding non - linear optimization . however , they require that all the entrie ←
→ word and document embeddings based on neural network approaches ; data representation is a fundamental task in machine learning . the representation of data affects the performance of the whole machine learning system . in a long history , the representation of data is done by feature engineering , and researchers aim at designing better features for specific tasks . recently , the rapid development of deep learning and representation learning has brought new inspiration to various domains . in natural language ←
→ deepcodec : adaptive sensing and recovery via deep convolutional neural networks ; in this paper we develop a novel computational sensing framework for sensing and recovering structured signals . when trained on a set of representative signals , our framework learns to take undersampled measurements and recover signals from them using a deep convolutional neural network . in other words , it learns a transformation from the original signals to a near - optimal number of undersampled measurements and the inverse ←
→ urban scene segmentation with laser - constrained crfs ; robots typically possess sensors of different modalities , such as colour cameras , inertial measurement units , and 3d laser scanners . often , solving a particular problem becomes easier when more than one modality is used . however , while there are undeniable benefits to combine sensors of different modalities the process tends to be complicated . segmenting scenes observed by the robot into a discrete set of classes is a central requirement for autonomy as ←
→ the end of sleeping beauty ' s nightmare ; the way a rational agent changes her belief in certain propositions / hypotheses in the light of new evidence lies at the heart of bayesian inference . the basic natural assumption , as summarized in van fraassen ' s reflection principle ([ 1984 ]), would be that in the absence of new evidence the belief should not change . yet , there are examples that are claimed to violate this assumption . the apparent paradox presented by such examples , if not settled , would demonstrate th ←
→ joint 3d reconstruction of a static scene and moving objects ; we present a technique for simultaneous 3d reconstruction of static regions and rigidly moving objects in a scene . an rgb - d frame is represented as a collection of features , which are points and planes . we classify the features into static and dynamic regions and grow separate maps , static and object maps , for each of them . to robustly classify the features in each frame , we fuse multiple ransac - based registration results obtained by registering ←
→ a unified framework for order - of - magnitude confidence relations ; the aim of this work is to provide a unified framework for ordinal representations of uncertainty lying at the crosswords between possibility and probability theories . such confidence relations between events are commonly found in monotonic reasoning , inconsistency management , or qualitative decision theory . they start either from probability theory , making it more qualitative , or from possibility theory , making it more expressive . we show th ←
→ fake news detection on social media : a data mining perspective ; social media for news consumption is a double - edged sword . on the one hand , its low cost , easy access , and rapid dissemination of information lead people to seek out and consume news from social media . on the other hand , it enables the wide spread of " fake news ", i . e ., low quality news with intentionally false information . the extensive spread of fake news has the potential for extremely negative impacts on individuals and society . therefore , ←
→ extracting parts of 2d shapes using local and global interactions simultaneously ; perception research provides strong evidence in favor of part based representation of shapes in human visual system . despite considerable differences among different theories in terms of how part boundaries are found , there is substantial agreement on that the process depends on many local and global geometric factors . this poses an important challenge from the computational point of view . in the first part of the chapter , ←
→ psique : next sequence prediction of satellite images using a convolutional sequence - to - sequence network ; predicting unseen weather phenomena is an important issue for disaster management . in this paper , we suggest a model for a convolutional sequence - to - sequence autoencoder for predicting undiscovered weather situations from previous satellite images . we also propose a symmetric skip connection between encoder and decoder modules to produce more comprehensive image predictions . to examine our model perfo ←
→ see the tree through the lines : the shazoo algorithm -- full version -- ; predicting the nodes of a given graph is a fascinating theoretical problem with applications in several domains . since graph sparsification via spanning trees retains enough information while making the task much easier , trees are an important special case of this problem . although it is known how to predict the nodes of an unweighted tree in a nearly optimal way , in the weighted case a fully satisfactory algorithm is not available ye ←
→ predictive linear - gaussian models of stochastic dynamical systems ; models of dynamical systems based on predictive state representations ( psrs ) are defined strictly in terms of observable quantities , in contrast with traditional models ( such as hidden markov models ) that use latent variables or statespace representations . in addition , psrs have an effectively infinite memory , allowing them to model some systems that finite memory - based models cannot . thus far , psr models have primarily been developed for d ←
→ arrhythmia classification from the abductive interpretation of short single - lead ecg records ; in this work we propose a new method for the rhythm classification of short single - lead ecg records , using a set of high - level and clinically meaningful features provided by the abductive interpretation of the records . these features include morphological and rhythm - related features that are used to build two classifiers : one that evaluates the record globally , using aggregated values for each feature ; and anoth ←
→ a bayesian model committee approach to forecasting global solar radiation ; this paper proposes to use a rather new modelling approach in the realm of solar radiation forecasting . in this work , two forecasting models : autoregressive moving average ( arma ) and neural network ( nn ) models are combined to form a model committee . the bayesian inference is used to affect a probability to each model in the committee . hence , each model ' s predictions are weighted by their respective probability . the models are fitt ←
→ the preference learning toolbox ; preference learning ( pl ) is a core area of machine learning that handles datasets with ordinal relations . as the number of generated data of ordinal nature is increasing , the importance and role of the pl field becomes central within machine learning research and practice . this paper introduces an open source , scalable , efficient and accessible preference learning toolbox that supports the key phases of the data training process incorporating various popular data preprocess ←
→ benefits from superposed hawkes processes ; the superposition of temporal point processes has been studied for many years , although the usefulness of such models for practical applications has not be fully developed . we investigate superposed hawkes process as an important class of such models , with properties studied in the framework of least squares estimation . the superposition of hawkes processes is demonstrated to be beneficial for tightening the upper bound of excess risk under certain conditions , and ←
→ the optimal assignment kernel is not positive definite ; we prove that the optimal assignment kernel , proposed recently as an attempt to embed labeled graphs and more generally tuples of basic data to a hilbert space , is in fact not always positive definite .←
→ a growing long - term episodic & semantic memory ; the long - term memory of most connectionist systems lies entirely in the weights of the system . since the number of weights is typically fixed , this bounds the total amount of knowledge that can be learned and stored . though this is not normally a problem for a neural network designed for a specific task , such a bound is undesirable for a system that continually learns over an open range of domains . to address this , we describe a lifelong learning system that ←
→ finding optimal combination of kernels using genetic programming ; in computer vision , problem of identifying or classifying the objects present in an image is called object categorization . it is a challenging problem , especially when the images have clutter background , occlusions or different lighting conditions . many vision features have been proposed which aid object categorization even in such adverse conditions . past research has shown that , employing multiple features rather than any single features l ←
→ what is the role of recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) in an image caption generator ? ; in neural image captioning systems , a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) is typically viewed as the primary ` generation ' component . this view suggests that the image features should be ` injected ' into the rnn . this is in fact the dominant view in the literature . alternatively , the rnn can instead be viewed as only encoding the previously generated words . this view suggests that the rnn should only be used to encode linguisti ←
→ linear antenna array with suppressed sidelobe and sideband levels using time modulation ; in this paper , the goal is to achieve an ultra low sidelobe level ( sll ) and sideband levels ( sbl ) of a time modulated linear antenna array . the approach followed here is not to give fixed level of excitation to the elements of an array , but to change it dynamically with time . the excitation levels of the different array elements over time are varied to get the low sidelobe and sideband levels . the mathematics of gett ←
→ universal discrete - time reservoir computers with stochastic inputs and linear readouts using non - homogeneous state - affine systems ; a new class of non - homogeneous state - affine systems is introduced for use in reservoir computing . sufficient conditions are identified that guarantee first , that the associated reservoir computers with linear readouts are causal , time - invariant , and satisfy the fading memory property and second , that a subset of this class is universal in the category of fading memory filters ←
→ neural network feedback controller for inertial platform ; the paper describes an algorithm for the synthesis of neural networks to control gyro stabilizer . the neural network performs the role of observer for state vector . the role of an observer in a feedback of gyro stabilizer is illustrated . paper detail a problem specific features stage of classics algorithm : choosing of network architecture , learning of neural network and verification of result feedback control . in the article presented optimal config ←
→ the emergence of canalization and evolvability in an open - ended , interactive evolutionary system ; natural evolution has produced a tremendous diversity of functional organisms . many believe an essential component of this process was the evolution of evolvability , whereby evolution speeds up its ability to innovate by generating a more adaptive pool of offspring . one hypothesized mechanism for evolvability is developmental canalization , wherein certain dimensions of variation become more likely to be trav ←
→ group - sparse signal denoising : non - convex regularization , convex optimization ; convex optimization with sparsity - promoting convex regularization is a standard approach for estimating sparse signals in noise . in order to promote sparsity more strongly than convex regularization , it is also standard practice to employ non - convex optimization . in this paper , we take a third approach . we utilize a non - convex regularization term chosen such that the total cost function ( consisting of data consistency and regu ←
→ heterogeneous knowledge representation using a finite automaton and first order logic : a case study in electromyography ; in a certain number of situations , human cognitive functioning is difficult to represent with classical artificial intelligence structures . such a difficulty arises in the polyneuropathy diagnosis which is based on the spatial distribution , along the nerve fibres , of lesions , together with the synthesis of several partial diagnoses . faced with this problem while building up an expert s ←
→ delving deep into rectifiers : surpassing human - level performance on imagenet classification ; rectified activation units ( rectifiers ) are essential for state - of - the - art neural networks . in this work , we study rectifier neural networks for image classification from two aspects . first , we propose a parametric rectified linear unit ( prelu ) that generalizes the traditional rectified unit . prelu improves model fitting with nearly zero extra computational cost and little overfitting risk . second , we derive a ro ←
→ benchmarking named entity disambiguation approaches for streaming graphs ; named entity disambiaguation ( ned ) is a central task for applications dealing with natural language text . assume that we have a graph based knowledge base ( subsequently referred as knowledge graph ) where nodes represent various real world entities such as people , location , organization and concepts . given data sources such as social media streams and web pages entity linking is the task of mapping named entities that are extracted fr ←
→ restricted manipulation in iterative voting : convergence and condorcet efficiency ; in collective decision making , where a voting rule is used to take a collective decision among a group of agents , manipulation by one or more agents is usually considered negative behavior to be avoided , or at least to be made computationally difficult for the agents to perform . however , there are scenarios in which a restricted form of manipulation can instead be beneficial . in this paper we consider the iterative version ←
→ tutorial on variational autoencoders ; in just three years , variational autoencoders ( vaes ) have emerged as one of the most popular approaches to unsupervised learning of complicated distributions . vaes are appealing because they are built on top of standard function approximators ( neural networks ), and can be trained with stochastic gradient descent . vaes have already shown promise in generating many kinds of complicated data , including handwritten digits , faces , house numbers , cifar images , physical model ←
→ efficient twitter sentiment classification using subjective distant supervision ; as microblogging services like twitter are becoming more and more influential in today ' s globalised world , its facets like sentiment analysis are being extensively studied . we are no longer constrained by our own opinion . others opinions and sentiments play a huge role in shaping our perspective . in this paper , we build on previous works on twitter sentiment analysis using distant supervision . the existing approach requires ←
→ an intelligent extension of variable neighbourhood search for labelling graph problems ; in this paper we describe an extension of the variable neighbourhood search ( vns ) which integrates the basic vns with other complementary approaches from machine learning , statistics and experimental algorithmic , in order to produce high - quality performance and to completely automate the resulting optimization strategy . the resulting intelligent vns has been successfully applied to a couple of optimization problems wh ←
→ data representation using the weyl transform ; the weyl transform is introduced as a rich framework for data representation . transform coefficients are connected to the walsh - hadamard transform of multiscale autocorrelations , and different forms of dyadic periodicity in a signal are shown to appear as different features in its weyl coefficients . the weyl transform has a high degree of symmetry with respect to a large group of multiscale transformations , which allows compact yet discriminative representation ←
→ cosface : large margin cosine loss for deep face recognition ; face recognition has achieved revolutionary advancement owing to the advancement of the deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ). the central task of face recognition , including face verification and identification , involves face feature discrimination . however , traditional softmax loss of deep cnn usually lacks the power of discrimination . to address this problem , recently several loss functions such as central loss \ cite { centerloss }, large margi ←
→ structural recurrent neural network ( srnn ) for group activity analysis ; a group of persons can be analyzed at various semantic levels such as individual actions , their interactions , and the activity of the entire group . in this paper , we propose a structural recurrent neural network ( srnn ) that uses a series of interconnected rnns to jointly capture the actions of individuals , their interactions , as well as the group activity . while previous structural recurrent neural networks assumed that the number of n ←
→ a single hidden layer feedforward network with only one neuron in the hidden layer can approximate any univariate function ; the possibility of approximating a continuous function on a compact subset of the real line by a feedforward single hidden layer neural network with a sigmoidal activation function has been studied in many papers . such networks can approximate an arbitrary continuous function provided that an unlimited number of neurons in a hidden layer is permitted . in this paper , we consider cons ←
→ learning convex inference of marginals ; graphical models trained using maximum likelihood are a common tool for probabilistic inference of marginal distributions . however , this approach suffers difficulties when either the inference process or the model is approximate . in this paper , the inference process is first defined to be the minimization of a convex function , inspired by free energy approximations . learning is then done directly in terms of the performance of the inference process at univariate marg ←
→ ead : elastic - net attacks to deep neural networks via adversarial examples ; recent studies have highlighted the vulnerability of deep neural networks ( dnns ) to adversarial examples - a visually indistinguishable adversarial image can easily be crafted to cause a well - trained model to misclassify . existing methods for crafting adversarial examples are based on $ l_2 $ and $ l_ \ infty $ distortion metrics . however , despite the fact that $ l_1 $ distortion accounts for the total variation and encourages sparsity in ←
→ building detection from satellite images on a global scale ; in the last several years , remote sensing technology has opened up the possibility of performing large scale building detection from satellite imagery . our work is some of the first to create population density maps from building detection on a large scale . the scale of our work on population density estimation via high resolution satellite images raises many issues , that we will address in this paper . the first was data acquisition . labeling buil ←
→ mura dataset : towards radiologist - level abnormality detection in musculoskeletal radiographs ; we introduce mura , a large dataset of musculoskeletal radiographs containing 40 , 895 images from 14 , 982 studies , where each study is manually labeled by radiologists as either normal or abnormal . on this dataset , we train a 169 - layer densely connected convolutional network to detect and localize abnormalities . to evaluate our model robustly and to get an estimate of radiologist performance , we collect additional ←
→ are saddles good enough for deep learning ? ; recent years have seen a growing interest in understanding deep neural networks from an optimization perspective . it is understood now that converging to low - cost local minima is sufficient for such models to become effective in practice . however , in this work , we propose a new hypothesis based on recent theoretical findings and empirical studies that deep neural network models actually converge to saddle points with high degeneracy . our findings from this work a ←
→ overcoming data scarcity with transfer learning ; despite increasing focus on data publication and discovery in materials science and related fields , the global view of materials data is highly sparse . this sparsity encourages training models on the union of multiple datasets , but simple unions can prove problematic as ( ostensibly ) equivalent properties may be measured or computed differently depending on the data source . these hidden contextual differences introduce irreducible errors into analyses , fundam ←
→ learning concept hierarchies through probabilistic topic modeling ; with the advent of semantic web , various tools and techniques have been introduced for presenting and organizing knowledge . concept hierarchies are one such technique which gained significant attention due to its usefulness in creating domain ontologies that are considered as an integral part of semantic web . automated concept hierarchy learning algorithms focus on extracting relevant concepts from unstructured text corpus and connect them ←
→ automatic liver and lesion segmentation in ct using cascaded fully convolutional neural networks and 3d conditional random fields ; automatic segmentation of the liver and its lesion is an important step towards deriving quantitative biomarkers for accurate clinical diagnosis and computer - aided decision support systems . this paper presents a method to automatically segment liver and lesions in ct abdomen images using cascaded fully convolutional neural networks ( cfcns ) and dense 3d conditional random fiel ←
→ general combination rules for qualitative and quantitative beliefs ; martin and osswald \ cite { martin07 } have recently proposed many generalizations of combination rules on quantitative beliefs in order to manage the conflict and to consider the specificity of the responses of the experts . since the experts express themselves usually in natural language with linguistic labels , smarandache and dezert \ cite { li07 } have introduced a mathematical framework for dealing directly also with qualitative beliefs . in th ←
→ a deep - structured conditional random field model for object silhouette tracking ; in this work , we introduce a deep - structured conditional random field ( ds - crf ) model for the purpose of state - based object silhouette tracking . the proposed ds - crf model consists of a series of state layers , where each state layer spatially characterizes the object silhouette at a particular point in time . the interactions between adjacent state layers are established by inter - layer connectivity dynamically determined based ←
→ a paradigm for situated and goal - driven language learning ; a distinguishing property of human intelligence is the ability to flexibly use language in order to communicate complex ideas with other humans in a variety of contexts . research in natural language dialogue should focus on designing communicative agents which can integrate themselves into these contexts and productively collaborate with humans . in this abstract , we propose a general situated language learning paradigm which is designed to bring ab ←
→ a description length approach to determining the number of k - means clusters ; we present an asymptotic criterion to determine the optimal number of clusters in k - means . we consider k - means as data compression , and propose to adopt the number of clusters that minimizes the estimated description length after compression . here we report two types of compression ratio based on two ways to quantify the description length of data after compression . this approach further offers a way to evaluate whether clusters ←
→ interactive ontology debugging : two query strategies for efficient fault localization ; effective debugging of ontologies is an important prerequisite for their broad application , especially in areas that rely on everyday users to create and maintain knowledge bases , such as the semantic web . in such systems ontologies capture formalized vocabularies of terms shared by its users . however in many cases users have different local views of the domain , i . e . of the context in which a given term is used . inappr ←
→ augmenting tractable fragments of abstract argumentation ; we present a new and compelling approach to the efficient solution of important computational problems that arise in the context of abstract argumentation . our approach makes known algorithms defined for restricted fragments generally applicable , at a computational cost that scales with the distance from the fragment . thus , in a certain sense , we gradually augment tractable fragments . surprisingly , it turns out that some tractable fragments admit su ←
→ multivariate hawkes processes for large - scale inference ; in this paper , we present a framework for fitting multivariate hawkes processes for large - scale problems both in the number of events in the observed history $ n $ and the number of event types $ d $ ( i . e . dimensions ). the proposed low - rank hawkes process ( lrhp ) framework introduces a low - rank approximation of the kernel matrix that allows to perform the nonparametric learning of the $ d ^ 2 $ triggering kernels using at most $ o ( ndr ^ 2 )$ operations , where $ r $←
→ online unsupervised feature learning for visual tracking ; feature encoding with respect to an over - complete dictionary learned by unsupervised methods , followed by spatial pyramid pooling , and linear classification , has exhibited powerful strength in various vision applications . here we propose to use the feature learning pipeline for visual tracking . tracking is implemented using tracking - by - detection and the resulted framework is very simple yet effective . first , online dictionary learning is used to bui ←
→ distributed representations of words and phrases and their compositionality ; the recently introduced continuous skip - gram model is an efficient method for learning high - quality distributed vector representations that capture a large number of precise syntactic and semantic word relationships . in this paper we present several extensions that improve both the quality of the vectors and the training speed . by subsampling of the frequent words we obtain significant speedup and also learn more regular word re ←
→ parameter - less hierarchical boa ; the parameter - less hierarchical bayesian optimization algorithm ( hboa ) enables the use of hboa without the need for tuning parameters for solving each problem instance . there are three crucial parameters in hboa : ( 1 ) the selection pressure , ( 2 ) the window size for restricted tournaments , and ( 3 ) the population size . although both the selection pressure and the window size influence hboa performance , performance should remain low - order polynomial with standard choices of the ←
→ internet of things applications : animal monitoring with unmanned aerial vehicle ; in animal monitoring applications , both animal detection and their movement prediction are major tasks . while a variety of animal monitoring strategies exist , most of them rely on mounting devices . however , in real world , it is difficult to find these animals and install mounting devices . in this paper , we propose an animal monitoring application by utilizing wireless sensor networks ( wsns ) and unmanned aerial vehicle ( uav ).←
→ image augmentation using radial transform for training deep neural networks ; deep learning models have a large number of free parameters that must be estimated by efficient training of the models on a large number of training data samples to increase their generalization performance . in real - world applications , the data available to train these networks is often limited or imbalanced . we propose a sampling method based on the radial transform in a polar coordinate system for image augmentation to facilit ←
→ data augmentation in emotion classification using generative adversarial networks ; it is a difficult task to classify images with multiple class labels using only a small number of labeled examples , especially when the label ( class ) distribution is imbalanced . emotion classification is such an example of imbalanced label distribution , because some classes of emotions like \ emph { disgusted } are relatively rare comparing to other labels like {\ it happy or sad }. in this paper , we propose a data augmentation ←
→ a bayesian data augmentation approach for learning deep models ; data augmentation is an essential part of the training process applied to deep learning models . the motivation is that a robust training process for deep learning models depends on large annotated datasets , which are expensive to be acquired , stored and processed . therefore a reasonable alternative is to be able to automatically generate new annotated training samples using a process known as data augmentation . the dominant data augmentation a ←
→ discussion : latent variable graphical model selection via convex optimization ; discussion of " latent variable graphical model selection via convex optimization " by venkat chandrasekaran , pablo a . parrilo and alan s . willsky [ arxiv : 1008 . 1290 ].←
→ generative adversarial networks recover features in astrophysical images of galaxies beyond the deconvolution limit ; observations of astrophysical objects such as galaxies are limited by various sources of random and systematic noise from the sky background , the optical system of the telescope and the detector used to record the data . conventional deconvolution techniques are limited in their ability to recover features in imaging data by the shannon - nyquist sampling theorem . here we train a generative a ←
→ part of speech tagging of marathi text using trigram method ; in this paper we present a marathi part of speech tagger . it is a morphologically rich language . it is spoken by the native people of maharashtra . the general approach used for development of tagger is statistical using trigram method . the main concept of trigram is to explore the most likely pos for a token based on given information of previous two tags by calculating probabilities to determine which is the best sequence of a tag . in this paper ←
→ convergent actor - critic algorithms under off - policy training and function approximation ; we present the first class of policy - gradient algorithms that work with both state - value and policy function - approximation , and are guaranteed to converge under off - policy training . our solution targets problems in reinforcement learning where the action representation adds to the - curse - of - dimensionality ; that is , with continuous or large action sets , thus making it infeasible to estimate state - action value functions ←
→ hierarchical classification for spoken arabic dialect identification using prosody : case of algerian dialects ; in daily communications , arabs use local dialects which are hard to identify automatically using conventional classification methods . the dialect identification challenging task becomes more complicated when dealing with an under - resourced dialects belonging to a same county / region . in this paper , we start by analyzing statistically algerian dialects in order to capture their specificities relat ←
→ stitched panoramas from toy airborne video cameras ; effective panoramic photographs are taken from vantage points that are high . high vantage points have recently become easier to reach as the cost of quadrotor helicopters has dropped to nearly disposable levels . although cameras carried by such aircraft weigh only a few grams , their low - quality video can be converted into panoramas of high quality and high resolution . also , the small size of these aircraft vastly reduces the risks inherent to flight .←
→ a novel architecture for relevant blog page identifcation ; blogs are undoubtedly the richest source of information available in cyberspace . blogs can be of various natures i . e . personal blogs which contain posts on mixed issues or blogs can be domain specific which contains posts on particular topics , this is the reason , they offer wide variety of relevant information which is often focused . a general search engine gives back a huge collection of web pages which may or may not give correct answers , as web ←
→ unsupervised edge map scoring : a statistical complexity approach ; we propose a new statistical complexity measure ( scm ) to qualify edge maps without ground truth ( gt ) knowledge . the measure is the product of two indices , an \ emph { equilibrium } index $\ mathcal { e }$ obtained by projecting the edge map into a family of edge patterns , and an \ emph { entropy } index $\ mathcal { h }$, defined as a function of the kolmogorov smirnov ( ks ) statistic . this new measure can be used for performance characterization which inc ←
→ a path following algorithm for the graph matching problem ; we propose a convex - concave programming approach for the labeled weighted graph matching problem . the convex - concave programming formulation is obtained by rewriting the weighted graph matching problem as a least - square problem on the set of permutation matrices and relaxing it to two different optimization problems : a quadratic convex and a quadratic concave optimization problem on the set of doubly stochastic matrices . the concave relaxation has ←
→ traversing knowledge graphs in vector space ; path queries on a knowledge graph can be used to answer compositional questions such as " what languages are spoken by people living in lisbon ?". however , knowledge graphs often have missing facts ( edges ) which disrupts path queries . recent models for knowledge base completion impute missing facts by embedding knowledge graphs in vector spaces . we show that these models can be recursively applied to answer path queries , but that they suffer from cascading errors .←
→ the influence of context on dialogue act recognition ; this article presents an analysis of the influence of context information on dialog act recognition . we performed experiments on the widely explored switchboard corpus , as well as on data annotated according to the recent iso 24617 - 2 standard . the latter was obtained from the tilburg dialogbank and through the mapping of the annotations of a subset of the let ' s go corpus . we used a classification approach based on svms , which had proved successful in pr ←
→ evaluation of object detection proposals under condition variations ; object detection is a fundamental task in many computer vision applications , therefore the importance of evaluating the quality of object detection is well acknowledged in this domain . this process gives insight into the capabilities of methods in handling environmental changes . in this paper , a new method for object detection is introduced that combines the selective search and edgeboxes . we tested these three methods under environmental ←
→ learners that use little information ; we study learning algorithms that are restricted to using a small amount of information from their input sample . we introduce a category of learning algorithms we term $ d $- bit information learners , which are algorithms whose output conveys at most $ d $ bits of information of their input . a central theme in this work is that such algorithms generalize . we focus on the learning capacity of these algorithms , and prove sample complexity bounds with tight dependencies on t ←
→ modelling legal contracts as processes ; this paper concentrates on the representation of the legal relations that obtain between parties once they have entered a contractual agreement and their evolution as the agreement progresses through time . contracts are regarded as process and they are analysed in terms of the obligations that are active at various points during their life span . an informal notation is introduced that summarizes conveniently the states of an agreement as it evolves over time . such a ←
→ pairwise rotation hashing for high - dimensional features ; binary hashing is widely used for effective approximate nearest neighbors search . even though various binary hashing methods have been proposed , very few methods are feasible for extremely high - dimensional features often used in visual tasks today . we propose a novel highly sparse linear hashing method based on pairwise rotations . the encoding cost of the proposed algorithm is $\ mathrm { o }( n \ log n )$ for n - dimensional features , whereas that of the exi ←
→ the role of time in the creation of knowledge ; this paper i assume that in humans the creation of knowledge depends on a discrete time , or stage , sequential decision - making process subjected to a stochastic , information transmitting environment . for each time - stage , this environment randomly transmits shannon type information - packets to the decision - maker , who examines each of them for relevancy and then determines his optimal choices . using this set of relevant information - packets , the decision - maker adap ←
→ a survey of methods for explaining black box models ; in the last years many accurate decision support systems have been constructed as black boxes , that is as systems that hide their internal logic to the user . this lack of explanation constitutes both a practical and an ethical issue . the literature reports many approaches aimed at overcoming this crucial weakness sometimes at the cost of scarifying accuracy for interpretability . the applications in which black box decision systems can be used are various ←
→ deep reinforcement learning for image hashing ; deep hashing methods have received much attention recently , which achieve promising results by taking advantage of the strong representation power of deep networks . however , most existing deep hashing methods learn a whole set of hashing functions independently and directly , while ignore the correlation between different hashing functions that can promote the retrieval accuracy greatly . inspired by the sequential decision ability of deep reinforcement learning ←
→ an improved k - nearest neighbor algorithm for text categorization ; k is the most important parameter in a text categorization system based on k - nearest neighbor algorithm ( knn ). in the classification process , k nearest documents to the test one in the training set are determined firstly . then , the predication can be made according to the category distribution among these k nearest neighbors . generally speaking , the class distribution in the training set is uneven . some classes may have more samples than othe ←
→ automated curriculum learning by rewarding temporally rare events ; reward shaping allows reinforcement learning ( rl ) agents to accelerate learning by receiving additional reward signals . however , these signals can be difficult to design manually , especially for complex rl tasks . we propose a simple and general approach that determines the reward of pre - defined events by their rarity alone . here events become less rewarding as they are experienced more often , which encourages the agent to continually explor ←
→ left / right hand segmentation in egocentric videos ; wearable cameras allow people to record their daily activities from a user - centered ( first person vision ) perspective . due to their favorable location , wearable cameras frequently capture the hands of the user , and may thus represent a promising user - machine interaction tool for different applications . existent first person vision methods handle hand segmentation as a background - foreground problem , ignoring two important facts : i ) hands are not a single " s ←
→ bridging medical data inference to achilles tendon rupture rehabilitation ; imputing incomplete medical tests and predicting patient outcomes are crucial for guiding the decision making for therapy , such as after an achilles tendon rupture ( atr ). we formulate the problem of data imputation and prediction for atr relevant medical measurements into a recommender system framework . by applying matchbox , which is a collaborative filtering approach , on a real dataset collected from 374 atr patients , we aim at o ←
→ ratio utility and cost analysis for privacy preserving subspace projection ; with a rapidly increasing number of devices connected to the internet , big data has been applied to various domains of human life . nevertheless , it has also opened new venues for breaching users ' privacy . hence it is highly required to develop techniques that enable data owners to privatize their data while keeping it useful for intended applications . existing methods , however , do not offer enough flexibility for controlling the ←
→ embedding deep networks into visual explanations ; in this paper , we propose a novel explanation module to explain the predictions made by deep learning . explanation modules work by embedding a high - dimensional deep network layer nonlinearly into a low - dimensional explanation space , while retaining faithfulness in that the original deep learning predictions can be constructed from the few concepts extracted by the explanation module . we then visualize such concepts so that human can learn about the high - lev ←
→ deepqa : improving the estimation of single protein model quality with deep belief networks ; protein quality assessment ( qa ) by ranking and selecting protein models has long been viewed as one of the major challenges for protein tertiary structure prediction . especially , estimating the quality of a single protein model , which is important for selecting a few good models out of a large model pool consisting of mostly low - quality models , is still a largely unsolved problem . we introduce a novel single - model ←
→ network statistics on early english syntax : structural criteria ; this paper includes a reflection on the role of networks in the study of english language acquisition , as well as a collection of practical criteria to annotate free - speech corpora from children utterances . at the theoretical level , the main claim of this paper is that syntactic networks should be interpreted as the outcome of the use of the syntactic machinery . thus , the intrinsic features of such machinery are not accessible directly from (←
→ autoencoder inspired unsupervised feature selection ; high - dimensional data in many areas such as computer vision and machine learning tasks brings in computational and analytical difficulty . feature selection which selects a subset from observed features is a widely used approach for improving performance and effectiveness of machine learning models with high - dimensional data . in this paper , we propose a novel autoencoder feature selector ( aefs ) for unsupervised feature selection which combines autoencoder ←
→ d numbers theory based game - theoretic framework in adversarial decision making under fuzzy environment ; adversarial decision making is a particular type of decision making problem where the gain a decision maker obtains as a result of his decisions is affected by the actions taken by others . representation of alternatives ' evaluations and methods to find the optimal alternative are two important aspects in the adversarial decision making . the aim of this study is to develop a general framework for solvin ←
→ how to evaluate word embeddings ? on importance of data efficiency and simple supervised tasks ; maybe the single most important goal of representation learning is making subsequent learning faster . surprisingly , this fact is not well reflected in the way embeddings are evaluated . in addition , recent practice in word embeddings points towards importance of learning specialized representations . we argue that focus of word representation evaluation should reflect those trends and shift towards evaluating wha ←
→ strongly adaptive online learning ; strongly adaptive algorithms are algorithms whose performance on every time interval is close to optimal . we present a reduction that can transform standard low - regret algorithms to strongly adaptive . as a consequence , we derive simple , yet efficient , strongly adaptive algorithms for a handful of problems .←
→ visualizing dynamics : from t - sne to semi - mdps ; deep reinforcement learning ( drl ) is a trending field of research , showing great promise in many challenging problems such as playing atari , solving go and controlling robots . while drl agents perform well in practice we are still missing the tools to analayze their performance and visualize the temporal abstractions that they learn . in this paper , we present a novel method that automatically discovers an internal semi markov decision process ( smdp ) model in t ←
→ dynamic safe interruptibility for decentralized multi - agent reinforcement learning ; in reinforcement learning , agents learn by performing actions and observing their outcomes . sometimes , it is desirable for a human operator to \ textit { interrupt } an agent in order to prevent dangerous situations from happening . yet , as part of their learning process , agents may link these interruptions , that impact their reward , to specific states and deliberately avoid them . the situation is particularly challenging in a ←
→ clothing retrieval with visual attention model ; clothing retrieval is a challenging problem in computer vision . with the advance of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), the accuracy of clothing retrieval has been significantly improved . fashionnet [ 1 ], a recent study , proposes to employ a set of artificial features in the form of landmarks for clothing retrieval , which are shown to be helpful for retrieval . however , the landmark detection module is trained with strong supervision which requires considerabl ←
→ double - quantitative $ γ ^{\ ast }-$ fuzzy coverings approximation operators ; in digital - based information boom , the fuzzy covering rough set model is an important mathematical tool for artificial intelligence , and how to build the bridge between the fuzzy covering rough set theory and pawlak ' s model is becoming a hot research topic . in this paper , we first present the $\ gamma -$ fuzzy covering based probabilistic and grade approximation operators and double - quantitative approximation operators . we also study th ←
→ traffic optimization for a mixture of self - interested and compliant agents ; this paper focuses on two commonly used path assignment policies for agents traversing a congested network : self - interested routing , and system - optimum routing . in the self - interested routing policy each agent selects a path that optimizes its own utility , while the system - optimum routing agents are assigned paths with the goal of maximizing system performance . this paper considers a scenario where a centralized network manager w ←
→ group invariance principles for causal generative models ; the postulate of independence of cause and mechanism ( icm ) has recently led to several new causal discovery algorithms . the interpretation of independence and the way it is utilized , however , varies across these methods . our aim in this paper is to propose a group theoretic framework for icm to unify and generalize these approaches . in our setting , the cause - mechanism relationship is assessed by comparing it against a null hypothesis through the app ←
→ forecasting day - ahead electricity prices in europe : the importance of considering market integration ; motivated by the increasing integration among electricity markets , in this paper we propose two different methods to incorporate market integration in electricity price forecasting and to improve the predictive performance . first , we propose a deep neural network that considers features from connected markets to improve the predictive accuracy in a local market . to measure the importance of these feature ←
→ fast learning rate of lp - mkl and its minimax optimality ; in this paper , we give a new sharp generalization bound of lp - mkl which is a generalized framework of multiple kernel learning ( mkl ) and imposes lp - mixed - norm regularization instead of l1 - mixed - norm regularization . we utilize localization techniques to obtain the sharp learning rate . the bound is characterized by the decay rate of the eigenvalues of the associated kernels . a larger decay rate gives a faster convergence rate . furthermore , we give the ←
→ a representer theorem for deep neural networks ; we propose to optimize the activation functions of a deep neural network by adding a corresponding functional regularization to the cost function . we justify the use of a second - order total - variation criterion . this allows us to derive a general representer theorem for deep neural networks that makes a direct connection with splines and sparsity . specifically , we show that the optimal network configuration can be achieved with activation functions that are no ←
→ on the role of text preprocessing in neural network architectures : an evaluation study on text categorization and sentiment analysis ; in this paper we investigate the impact of simple text preprocessing decisions ( particularly tokenizing , lemmatizing , lowercasing and multiword grouping ) on the performance of a state - of - the - art text classifier based on convolutional neural networks . despite potentially affecting the final performance of any given model , this aspect has not received a substantial interest ←
→ solving the course - timetabling problem of cairo university using max - sat ; due to the good performance of current sat ( satisfiability ) and max - sat ( maximum ssatisfiability ) solvers , many real - life optimization problems such as scheduling can be solved by encoding them into max - sat . in this paper we tackle the course timetabling problem of the department of mathematics , cairo university by encoding it into max - sat . generating timetables for the department by hand has proven to be cumbersome and the generated ←
→ case study of a highly automated layout analysis and ocr of an incunabulum : ' der heiligen leben ' ( 1488 ) ; this paper provides the first thorough documentation of a high quality digitization process applied to an early printed book from the incunabulum period ( 1450 - 1500 ). the entire ocr related workflow including preprocessing , layout analysis and text recognition is illustrated in detail using the example of ' der heiligen leben ', printed in nuremberg in 1488 . for each step the required time expenditure wa ←
→ learning fine - grained image similarity with deep ranking ; learning fine - grained image similarity is a challenging task . it needs to capture between - class and within - class image differences . this paper proposes a deep ranking model that employs deep learning techniques to learn similarity metric directly from images . it has higher learning capability than models based on hand - crafted features . a novel multiscale network structure has been developed to describe the images effectively . an efficient triplet sam ←
→ a hybrid loss for multiclass and structured prediction ; we propose a novel hybrid loss for multiclass and structured prediction problems that is a convex combination of a log loss for conditional random fields ( crfs ) and a multiclass hinge loss for support vector machines ( svms ). we provide a sufficient condition for when the hybrid loss is fisher consistent for classification . this condition depends on a measure of dominance between labels -- specifically , the gap between the probabilities of the best label ←
→ kernel - based structural equation models for topology identification of directed networks ; structural equation models ( sems ) have been widely adopted for inference of causal interactions in complex networks . recent examples include unveiling topologies of hidden causal networks over which processes such as spreading diseases , or rumors propagate . the appeal of sems in these settings stems from their simplicity and tractability , since they typically assume linear dependencies among observable variables . ac ←
→" did i say something wrong ?" a word - level analysis of wikipedia articles for deletion discussions ; this thesis focuses on gaining linguistic insights into textual discussions on a word level . it was of special interest to distinguish messages that constructively contribute to a discussion from those that are detrimental to them . thereby , we wanted to determine whether " i "- and " you "- messages are indicators for either of the two discussion styles . these messages are nowadays often used in guidelines for s ←
→ modeling multistage decision processes with reflexive game theory ; this paper introduces application of reflexive game theory to the matter of multistage decision making processes . the idea behind is that each decision making session has certain parameters like " when the session is taking place ", " who are the group members to make decision ", " how group members influence on each other ", etc . this study illustrates the consecutive or sequential decision making process , which consist of two stages . during the ←
→ the compressed model of residual cnds ; convolutional neural networks have achieved a great success in the recent years . although , the way to maximize the performance of the convolutional neural networks still in the beginning . furthermore , the optimization of the size and the time that need to train the convolutional neural networks is very far away from reaching the researcher ' s ambition . in this paper , we proposed a new convolutional neural network that combined several techniques to boost the optimizati ←
→ the static and stochastic vrptw with both random customers and reveal times : algorithms and recourse strategies ; unlike its deterministic counterpart , static and stochastic vehicle routing problems ( ss - vrp ) aim at modeling and solving real - life operational problems by considering uncertainty on data . we consider the ss - vrptw - cr introduced in saint - guillain et al . ( 2017 ). like the ss - vrp introduced by bertsimas ( 1992 ), we search for optimal first stage routes for a fleet of vehicles to handle a set of sto ←
→ adagio : fast data - aware near - isometric linear embeddings ; many important applications , including signal reconstruction , parameter estimation , and signal processing in a compressed domain , rely on a low - dimensional representation of the dataset that preserves {\ em all } pairwise distances between the data points and leverages the inherent geometric structure that is typically present . recently hedge , sankaranarayanan , yin and baraniuk \ cite { hedge2015 } proposed the first data - aware near - isometric linear embed ←
→ an empirical study of discriminative sequence labeling models for vietnamese text processing ; this paper presents an empirical study of two widely - used sequence prediction models , conditional random fields ( crfs ) and long short - term memory networks ( lstms ), on two fundamental tasks for vietnamese text processing , including part - of - speech tagging and named entity recognition . we show that a strong lower bound for labeling accuracy can be obtained by relying only on simple word - based features with minimal ←
→ the evolution of sex through the baldwin effect ; this paper suggests that the fundamental haploid - diploid cycle of eukaryotic sex exploits a rudimentary form of the baldwin effect . with this explanation for the basic cycle , the other associated phenomena can be explained as evolution tuning the amount and frequency of learning experienced by an organism . using the well - known nk model of fitness landscapes it is shown that varying landscape ruggedness varies the benefit of the haploid - diploid cycle , whether ←
→ new perspectives in sinographic language processing through the use of character structure ; chinese characters have a complex and hierarchical graphical structure carrying both semantic and phonetic information . we use this structure to enhance the text model and obtain better results in standard nlp operations . first of all , to tackle the problem of graphical variation we define allographic classes of characters . next , the relation of inclusion of a subcharacter in a characters , provides us with a direc ←
→ adversarial extreme multi - label classification ; the goal in extreme multi - label classification is to learn a classifier which can assign a small subset of relevant labels to an instance from an extremely large set of target labels . datasets in extreme classification exhibit a long tail of labels which have small number of positive training instances . in this work , we pose the learning task in extreme classification with large number of tail - labels as learning in the presence of adversarial perturbations . t ←
→ self - paced multitask learning with shared knowledge ; this paper introduces self - paced task selection to multitask learning , where instances from more closely related tasks are selected in a progression of easier - to - harder tasks , to emulate an effective human education strategy , but applied to multitask machine learning . we develop the mathematical foundation for the approach based on iterative selection of the most appropriate task , learning the task parameters , and updating the shared knowledge , optimizin ←
→ semantic segmentation of pathological lung tissue with dilated fully convolutional networks ; early and accurate diagnosis of interstitial lung diseases ( ilds ) is crucial for making treatment decisions , but can be challenging even for experienced radiologists . the diagnostic procedure is based on the detection and recognition of the different ild pathologies in thoracic ct scans , yet their manifestation often appears similar . in this study , we propose the use of a deep purely convolutional neural network ←
→ ieopf : an active contour model for image segmentation with inhomogeneities estimated by orthogonal primary functions ; image segmentation is still an open problem especially when intensities of the interested objects are overlapped due to the presence of intensity inhomogeneity ( also known as bias field ). to segment images with intensity inhomogeneities , a bias correction embedded level set model is proposed where inhomogeneities are estimated by orthogonal primary functions ( ieopf ). in the proposed model ←
→ fast sublinear sparse representation using shallow tree matching pursuit ; sparse approximations using highly over - complete dictionaries is a state - of - the - art tool for many imaging applications including denoising , super - resolution , compressive sensing , light - field analysis , and object recognition . unfortunately , the applicability of such methods is severely hampered by the computational burden of sparse approximation : these algorithms are linear or super - linear in both the data dimensionality and size of t ←
→ quantitative analyses of chinese poetry of tang and song dynasties : using changing colors and innovative terms as examples ; tang ( 618 - 907 ad ) and song ( 960 - 1279 ) dynasties are two very important periods in the development of chinese literary . the most influential forms of the poetry in tang and song were shi and ci , respectively . tang shi and song ci established crucial foundations of the chinese literature , and their influences in both literary works and daily lives of the chinese communities last until ←
→ using echo state networks for cryptography ; echo state networks are simple recurrent neural networks that are easy to implement and train . despite their simplicity , they show a form of memory and can predict or regenerate sequences of data . we make use of this property to realize a novel neural cryptography scheme . the key idea is to assume that alice and bob share a copy of an echo state network . if alice trains her copy to memorize a message , she can communicate the trained part of the network to bob who ←
→ principal component projection without principal component analysis ; we show how to efficiently project a vector onto the top principal components of a matrix , without explicitly computing these components . specifically , we introduce an iterative algorithm that provably computes the projection using few calls to any black - box routine for ridge regression . by avoiding explicit principal component analysis ( pca ), our algorithm is the first with no runtime dependence on the number of top principal component ←
→ machine comprehension by text - to - text neural question generation ; we propose a recurrent neural model that generates natural - language questions from documents , conditioned on answers . we show how to train the model using a combination of supervised and reinforcement learning . after teacher forcing for standard maximum likelihood training , we fine - tune the model using policy gradient techniques to maximize several rewards that measure question quality . most notably , one of these rewards is the performance o ←
→ deep learning for single - view instance recognition ; deep learning methods have typically been trained on large datasets in which many training examples are available . however , many real - world product datasets have only a small number of images available for each product . we explore the use of deep learning methods for recognizing object instances when we have only a single training example per class . we show that feedforward neural networks outperform state - of - the - art methods for recognizing objects from n ←
→ the empirical size of trained neural networks ; relu neural networks define piecewise linear functions of their inputs . however , initializing and training a neural network is very different from fitting a linear spline . in this paper , we expand empirically upon previous theoretical work to demonstrate features of trained neural networks . standard network initialization and training produce networks vastly simpler than a naive parameter count would suggest and can impart odd features to the trained network . ←
→ rates of uniform consistency for k - nn regression ; we derive high - probability finite - sample uniform rates of consistency for $ k $- nn regression that are optimal up to logarithmic factors under mild assumptions . we moreover show that $ k $- nn regression adapts to an unknown lower intrinsic dimension automatically . we then apply the $ k $- nn regression rates to establish new results about estimating the level sets and global maxima of a function from noisy observations .←
→ global convergence of policy gradient methods for linearized control problems ; direct policy gradient methods for reinforcement learning and continuous control problems are a popular approach for a variety of reasons : 1 ) they are easy to implement without explicit knowledge of the underlying model 2 ) they are an " end - to - end " approach , directly optimizing the performance metric of interest 3 ) they inherently allow for richly parameterized policies . a notable drawback is that even in the most basic continu ←
→ template - based active contours ; we develop a generalized active contour formalism for image segmentation based on shape templates . the shape template is subjected to a restricted affine transformation ( rat ) in order to segment the object of interest . rat allows for translation , rotation , and scaling , which give a total of five degrees of freedom . the proposed active contour comprises an inner and outer contour pair , which are closed and concentric . the active contour energy is a contrast function defined b ←
→ the steerable graph laplacian and its application to filtering image data - sets ; in recent years , improvements in various scientific image acquisition techniques gave rise to the need for adaptive processing methods aimed for large data - sets corrupted by noise and deformations . in this work , we consider data - sets of images sampled from an underlying low - dimensional manifold ( i . e . an image - valued manifold ), where the images are obtained through arbitrary planar rotations . to derive the mathematical framewo ←
→ extremeweather : a large - scale climate dataset for semi - supervised detection , localization , and understanding of extreme weather events ; then detection and identification of extreme weather events in large - scale climate simulations is an important problem for risk management , informing governmental policy decisions and advancing our basic understanding of the climate system . recent work has shown that fully supervised convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) can yield acceptable accuracy for classifying well -←
→ constructing long short - term memory based deep recurrent neural networks for large vocabulary speech recognition ; long short - term memory ( lstm ) based acoustic modeling methods have recently been shown to give state - of - the - art performance on some speech recognition tasks . to achieve a further performance improvement , in this research , deep extensions on lstm are investigated considering that deep hierarchical model has turned out to be more efficient than a shallow one . motivated by previous research on c ←
→ agent behavior prediction and its generalization analysis ; machine learning algorithms have been applied to predict agent behaviors in real - world dynamic systems , such as advertiser behaviors in sponsored search and worker behaviors in crowdsourcing . the behavior data in these systems are generated by live agents : once the systems change due to the adoption of the prediction models learnt from the behavior data , agents will observe and respond to these changes by changing their own behaviors accordingly . a ←
→ solving the problem of the k parameter in the knn classifier using an ensemble learning approach ; this paper presents a new solution for choosing the k parameter in the k - nearest neighbor ( knn ) algorithm , the solution depending on the idea of ensemble learning , in which a weak knn classifier is used each time with a different k , starting from one to the square root of the size of the training set . the results of the weak classifiers are combined using the weighted sum rule . the proposed solution was test ←
→ infinite - horizon policy - gradient estimation ; gradient - based approaches to direct policy search in reinforcement learning have received much recent attention as a means to solve problems of partial observability and to avoid some of the problems associated with policy degradation in value - function methods . in this paper we introduce gpomdp , a simulation - based algorithm for generating a biased estimate of the gradient of the average reward in partially observable markov decision processes pomdps controlled b ←
→ bayesian matrix completion via adaptive relaxed spectral regularization ; bayesian matrix completion has been studied based on a low - rank matrix factorization formulation with promising results . however , little work has been done on bayesian matrix completion based on the more direct spectral regularization formulation . we fill this gap by presenting a novel bayesian matrix completion method based on spectral regularization . in order to circumvent the difficulties of dealing with the orthonormality constrai ←
→ representation learning on large and small data ; deep learning owes its success to three key factors : scale of data , enhanced models to learn representations from data , and scale of computation . this book chapter presented the importance of the data - driven approach to learn good representations from both big data and small data . in terms of big data , it has been widely accepted in the research community that the more data the better for both representation and classification improvement . the question is th ←
→ object detection in videos by short and long range object linking ; we address the problem of detecting objects in videos with the interest in exploring temporal contexts . our core idea is to link objects in the short and long ranges for improving the classification quality . our approach first proposes a set of candidate spatio - temporal cuboids , each of which serves as a container associating the object across short range frames , for a short video segment . it then regresses the precise box locations in each ←
→ assessing the quality of mt systems for hindi to english translation ; evaluation plays a vital role in checking the quality of mt output . it is done either manually or automatically . manual evaluation is very time consuming and subjective , hence use of automatic metrics is done most of the times . this paper evaluates the translation quality of different mt engines for hindi - english ( hindi data is provided as input and english is obtained as output ) using various automatic metrics like bleu , meteor etc . fur ←
→ entity linking for queries by searching wikipedia sentences ; we present a simple yet effective approach for linking entities in queries . the key idea is to search sentences similar to a query from wikipedia articles and directly use the human - annotated entities in the similar sentences as candidate entities for the query . then , we employ a rich set of features , such as link - probability , context - matching , word embeddings , and relatedness among candidate entities as well as their related entities , to rank th ←
→ from image to text classification : a novel approach based on clustering word embeddings ; in this paper , we propose a novel approach for text classification based on clustering word embeddings , inspired by the bag of visual words model , which is widely used in computer vision . after each word in a collection of documents is represented as word vector using a pre - trained word embeddings model , a k - means algorithm is applied on the word vectors in order to obtain a fixed - size set of clusters . the centroid o ←
→ speckle reduction with trained nonlinear diffusion filtering ; speckle reduction is a prerequisite for many image processing tasks in synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) images , as well as all coherent images . in recent years , predominant state - of - the - art approaches for despeckling are usually based on nonlocal methods which mainly concentrate on achieving utmost image restoration quality , with relatively low computational efficiency . therefore , in this study we aim to propose an efficient despeckling model with ←
→ no fuss distance metric learning using proxies ; we address the problem of distance metric learning ( dml ), defined as learning a distance consistent with a notion of semantic similarity . traditionally , for this problem supervision is expressed in the form of sets of points that follow an ordinal relationship -- an anchor point $ x $ is similar to a set of positive points $ y $, and dissimilar to a set of negative points $ z $, and a loss defined over these distances is minimized . while the specifics of the optimi ←
→ understanding the learned iterative soft thresholding algorithm with matrix factorization ; sparse coding is a core building block in many data analysis and machine learning pipelines . typically it is solved by relying on generic optimization techniques , such as the iterative soft thresholding algorithm and its accelerated version ( ista , fista ). these methods are optimal in the class of first - order methods for non - smooth , convex functions . however , they do not exploit the particular structure of the probl ←
→ automatic breast cancer grading in lymph nodes using a deep neural network ; the progression of breast cancer can be quantified in lymph node whole - slide images ( wsis ). we describe a novel method for effectively performing classification of whole - slide images and patient level breast cancer grading . our method utilises a deep neural network . the method performs classification on small patches and uses model averaging for boosting . in the first step , region of interest patches are determined and cropped au ←
→ block - coordinate frank - wolfe optimization for structural svms ; we propose a randomized block - coordinate variant of the classic frank - wolfe algorithm for convex optimization with block - separable constraints . despite its lower iteration cost , we show that it achieves a similar convergence rate in duality gap as the full frank - wolfe algorithm . we also show that , when applied to the dual structural support vector machine ( svm ) objective , this yields an online algorithm that has the same low iteration complexit ←
→ modeling website workload using neural networks ; in this article , artificial neural networks ( ann ) are used for modeling the number of requests received by 1998 fifa world cup website . modeling is done by means of time - series forecasting . the log traces of the website , available through the internet traffic archive ( ita ), are processed to obtain two time - series data sets that are used for finding the following measurements : requests / day and requests / second . these are modeled by training and simulating ann .←
→ why pay more when you can pay less : a joint learning framework for active feature acquisition and classification ; we consider the problem of active feature acquisition , where we sequentially select the subset of features in order to achieve the maximum prediction performance in the most cost - effective way . in this work , we formulate this active feature acquisition problem as a reinforcement learning problem , and provide a novel framework for jointly learning both the rl agent and the classifier ( environm ←
→ foveanet : perspective - aware urban scene parsing ; parsing urban scene images benefits many applications , especially self - driving . most of the current solutions employ generic image parsing models that treat all scales and locations in the images equally and do not consider the geometry property of car - captured urban scene images . thus , they suffer from heterogeneous object scales caused by perspective projection of cameras on actual scenes and inevitably encounter parsing failures on distant objects as well ←
→ who killed albert einstein ? from open data to murder mystery games ; this paper presents a framework for generating adventure games from open data . focusing on the murder mystery type of adventure games , the generator is able to transform open data from wikipedia articles , openstreetmap and images from wikimedia commons into wikimysteries . every wikimystery game revolves around the murder of a person with a wikipedia article and populates the game with suspects who must be arrested by the player if guilty o ←
→ page stream segmentation with convolutional neural nets combining textual and visual features ; in recent years , ( retro -) digitizing paper - based files became a major undertaking for private and public archives as well as an important task in electronic mailroom applications . as a first step , the workflow involves scanning and optical character recognition ( ocr ) of documents . preservation of document contexts of single page scans is a major requirement in this context . to facilitate workflows involving very ←
→ limitations of cross - lingual learning from image search ; cross - lingual representation learning is an important step in making nlp scale to all the world ' s languages . recent work on bilingual lexicon induction suggests that it is possible to learn cross - lingual representations of words based on similarities between images associated with these words . however , that work focused on the translation of selected nouns only . in our work , we investigate whether the meaning of other parts - of - speech , in particular a ←
→ nonparametric sparsity and regularization ; in this work we are interested in the problems of supervised learning and variable selection when the input - output dependence is described by a nonlinear function depending on a few variables . our goal is to consider a sparse nonparametric model , hence avoiding linear or additive models . the key idea is to measure the importance of each variable in the model by making use of partial derivatives . based on this intuition we propose a new notion of nonparametric spar ←
→ entrenchment relations : a uniform approach to nonmonotonicity ; we show that gabbay ' s nonmonotonic consequence relations can be reduced to a new family of relations , called entrenchment relations . entrenchment relations provide a direct generalization of epistemic entrenchment and expectation ordering introduced by gardenfors and makinson for the study of belief revision and expectation inference , respectively .←
→ one - sided unsupervised domain mapping ; in unsupervised domain mapping , the learner is given two unmatched datasets $ a $ and $ b $. the goal is to learn a mapping $ g_ { ab }$ that translates a sample in $ a $ to the analog sample in $ b $. recent approaches have shown that when learning simultaneously both $ g_ { ab }$ and the inverse mapping $ g_ { ba }$, convincing mappings are obtained . in this work , we present a method of learning $ g_ { ab }$ without learning $ g_ { ba }$. this is done by learning a mapping that maintains the d ←
→ robot language learning , generation , and comprehension ; we present a unified framework which supports grounding natural - language semantics in robotic driving . this framework supports acquisition ( learning grounded meanings of nouns and prepositions from human annotation of robotic driving paths ), generation ( using such acquired meanings to generate sentential description of new robotic driving paths ), and comprehension ( using such acquired meanings to support automated driving to accomplish navigational go ←
→ what your username says about you ; usernames are ubiquitous on the internet , and they are often suggestive of user demographics . this work looks at the degree to which gender and language can be inferred from a username alone by making use of unsupervised morphology induction to decompose usernames into sub - units . experimental results on the two tasks demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed morphological features compared to a character n - gram baseline .←
→ classifier comparison using precision ; new proposed models are often compared to state - of - the - art using statistical significance testing . literature is scarce for classifier comparison using metrics other than accuracy . we present a survey of statistical methods that can be used for classifier comparison using precision , accounting for inter - precision correlation arising from use of same dataset . comparisons are made using per - class precision and methods presented to test global null hypothesis of an overa ←
→ evidence with uncertain likelihoods ; an agent often has a number of hypotheses , and must choose among them based on observations , or outcomes of experiments . each of these observations can be viewed as providing evidence for or against various hypotheses . all the attempts to formalize this intuition up to now have assumed that associated with each hypothesis h there is a likelihood function \ mu_h , which is a probability measure that intuitively describes how likely each observation is , conditional on h bei ←
→ a strategy for an uncompromising incremental learner ; multi - class supervised learning systems require the knowledge of the entire range of labels they predict . often when learnt incrementally , they suffer from catastrophic forgetting . to avoid this , generous leeways have to be made to the philosophy of incremental learning that either forces a part of the machine to not learn , or to retrain the machine again with a selection of the historic data . while these hacks work to various degrees , they do not adher ←
→ geometrical complexity of data approximators ; there are many methods developed to approximate a cloud of vectors embedded in high - dimensional space by simpler objects : starting from principal points and linear manifolds to self - organizing maps , neural gas , elastic maps , various types of principal curves and principal trees , and so on . for each type of approximators the measure of the approximator complexity was developed too . these measures are necessary to find the balance between accuracy and complexity ←
→ how insight emerges in a distributed , content - addressable memory ; we begin this chapter with the bold claim that it provides a neuroscientific explanation of the magic of creativity . creativity presents a formidable challenge for neuroscience . neuroscience generally involves studying what happens in the brain when someone engages in a task that involves responding to a stimulus , or retrieving information from memory and using it the right way , or at the right time . if the relevant information is not alread ←
→ linear versus non - linear acquisition of step - functions ; we address in this paper the following two closely related problems : 1 . how to represent functions with singularities ( up to a prescribed accuracy ) in a compact way ? 2 . how to reconstruct such functions from a small number of measurements ? the stress is on a comparison of linear and non - linear approaches . as a model case we use piecewise - constant functions on [ 0 , 1 ], in particular , the heaviside jump function . considered as a curve in the hilbert ←
→ trace lasso : a trace norm regularization for correlated designs ; using the $\ ell_1 $- norm to regularize the estimation of the parameter vector of a linear model leads to an unstable estimator when covariates are highly correlated . in this paper , we introduce a new penalty function which takes into account the correlation of the design matrix to stabilize the estimation . this norm , called the trace lasso , uses the trace norm , which is a convex surrogate of the rank , of the selected covariates as the criterio ←
→ events in property patterns ; a pattern - based approach to the presentation , codification and reuse of property specifications for finite - state verification was proposed by dwyer and his collegues . the patterns enable non - experts to read and write formal specifications for realistic systems and facilitate easy conversion of specifications between formalisms , such as ltl , ctl , qre . in this paper , we extend the pattern system with events - changes of values of variables in the context of ltl .←
→ discriminative optimization : theory and applications to computer vision problems ; many computer vision problems are formulated as the optimization of a cost function . this approach faces two main challenges : ( i ) designing a cost function with a local optimum at an acceptable solution , and ( ii ) developing an efficient numerical method to search for one ( or multiple ) of these local optima . while designing such functions is feasible in the noiseless case , the stability and location of local optima are mostl ←
→ learned versus hand - designed feature representations for 3d agglomeration ; for image recognition and labeling tasks , recent results suggest that machine learning methods that rely on manually specified feature representations may be outperformed by methods that automatically derive feature representations based on the data . yet for problems that involve analysis of 3d objects , such as mesh segmentation , shape retrieval , or neuron fragment agglomeration , there remains a strong reliance on hand - designed fe ←
→ web - scale responsive visual search at bing ; in this paper , we introduce a web - scale general visual search system deployed in microsoft bing . the system accommodates tens of billions of images in the index , with thousands of features for each image , and can respond in less than 200 ms . in order to overcome the challenges in relevance , latency , and scalability in such large scale of data , we employ a cascaded learning - to - rank framework based on various latest deep learning visual features , and deploy in a di ←
→ the munich rent advisor : a success for logic programming on the internet ; most cities in germany regularly publish a booklet called the {\ em mietspiegel }. it basically contains a verbal description of an expert system . it allows the calculation of the estimated fair rent for a flat . by hand , one may need a weekend to do so . with our computerized version , the {\ em munich rent advisor }, the user just fills in a form in a few minutes and the rent is calculated immediately . we also extended the functionality a ←
→ probabilistic saliency estimation ; in this paper , we model the salient object detection problem under a probabilistic framework encoding the boundary connectivity saliency cue and smoothness constraints in an optimization problem . we show that this problem has a closed form global optimum which estimates the salient object . we further show that along with the probabilistic framework , the proposed method also enjoys a wide range of interpretations , i . e . graph cut , diffusion maps and one - class classification ←
→ automated linear - time detection and quality assessment of superpixels in uncalibrated true - or false - color rgb images ; capable of automated near real time superpixel detection and quality assessment in an uncalibrated monitor typical red green blue ( rgb ) image , depicted in either true or false colors , an original low level computer vision ( cv ) lightweight computer program , called rgb image automatic mapper ( rgbiam ), is designed and implemented . constrained by the calibration validation ( calval ) requireme ←
→ improving fiber alignment in hardi by combining contextual pde flow with constrained spherical deconvolution ; we propose two strategies to improve the quality of tractography results computed from diffusion weighted magnetic resonance imaging ( dw - mri ) data . both methods are based on the same pde framework , defined in the coupled space of positions and orientations , associated with a stochastic process describing the enhancement of elongated structures while preserving crossing structures . in the first me ←
→ punny captions : witty wordplay in image descriptions ; wit is a quintessential form of rich inter - human interaction , and is often grounded in a specific situation ( e . g ., a comment in response to an event ). in this work , we attempt to build computational models that can produce witty descriptions for a given image . inspired by a cognitive account of humor appreciation , we employ linguistic wordplay , specifically puns . we compare our approach against meaningful baseline approaches via human studies . in a turi ←
→ information extraction from broadcast news ; this paper discusses the development of trainable statistical models for extracting content from television and radio news broadcasts . in particular we concentrate on statistical finite state models for identifying proper names and other named entities in broadcast speech . two models are presented : the first represents name class information as a word attribute ; the second represents both word - word and class - class transitions explicitly . a common n - gram based for ←
→ learning structured semantic embeddings for visual recognition ; numerous embedding models have been recently explored to incorporate semantic knowledge into visual recognition . existing methods typically focus on minimizing the distance between the corresponding images and texts in the embedding space but do not explicitly optimize the underlying structure . our key observation is that modeling the pairwise image - image relationship improves the discrimination ability of the embedding model . in this paper , w ←
→ binarsity : a penalization for one - hot encoded features ; this paper deals with the problem of large - scale linear supervised learning in settings where a large number of continuous features are available . we propose to combine the well - known trick of one - hot encoding of continuous features with a new penalization called binarsity . in each group of binary features coming from the one - hot encoding of a single raw continuous feature , this penalization uses total - variation regularization together with an extra l ←
→ incremental variational inference for latent dirichlet allocation ; we introduce incremental variational inference and apply it to latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ). incremental variational inference is inspired by incremental em and provides an alternative to stochastic variational inference . incremental lda can process massive document collections , does not require to set a learning rate , converges faster to a local optimum of the variational bound and enjoys the attractive property of monotonically incre ←
→ consistent kernel mean estimation for functions of random variables ; we provide a theoretical foundation for non - parametric estimation of functions of random variables using kernel mean embeddings . we show that for any continuous function $ f $, consistent estimators of the mean embedding of a random variable $ x $ lead to consistent estimators of the mean embedding of $ f ( x )$. for mat \' ern kernels and sufficiently smooth functions we also provide rates of convergence . our results extend to functions of multipl ←
→ a mood - based genre classification of television content ; the classification of television content helps users organise and navigate through the large list of channels and programs now available . in this paper , we address the problem of television content classification by exploiting text information extracted from program transcriptions . we present an analysis which adapts a model for sentiment that has been widely and successfully applied in other fields such as music or blog posts . we use a real - world da ←
→ lesion border detection in dermoscopy images using ensembles of thresholding methods ; dermoscopy is one of the major imaging modalities used in the diagnosis of melanoma and other pigmented skin lesions . due to the difficulty and subjectivity of human interpretation , automated analysis of dermoscopy images has become an important research area . border detection is often the first step in this analysis . in many cases , the lesion can be roughly separated from the background skin using a thresholding method ←
→ knowledge enhanced hybrid neural network for text matching ; long text brings a big challenge to semantic matching due to their complicated semantic and syntactic structures . to tackle the challenge , we consider using prior knowledge to help identify useful information and filter out noise to matching in long text . to this end , we propose a knowledge enhanced hybrid neural network ( kehnn ). the model fuses prior knowledge into word representations by knowledge gates and establishes three matching channels wi ←
→ certified connection tableaux proofs for hol light and tptp ; in the recent years , the metis prover based on ordered paramodulation and model elimination has replaced the earlier built - in methods for general - purpose proof automation in hol4 and isabelle / hol . in the annual casc competition , the leancop system based on connection tableaux has however performed better than metis . in this paper we show how the leancop ' s core algorithm can be implemented inside hollight . leancop ' s flagship feature , namely its mi ←
→ ω - net ( omega - net ): fully automatic , multi - view cardiac mr detection , orientation , and segmentation with deep neural networks ; pixelwise segmentation of the left ventricular ( lv ) myocardium and the four cardiac chambers in 2 - d steady state free precession ( ssfp ) cine sequences is an essential preprocessing step for a wide range of analyses . variability in contrast , appearance , orientation , and placement of the heart between patients , clinical views , scanners , and protocols makes fully automatic semantic s ←
→ emergent complexity via multi - agent competition ; reinforcement learning algorithms can train agents that solve problems in complex , interesting environments . normally , the complexity of the trained agent is closely related to the complexity of the environment . this suggests that a highly capable agent requires a complex environment for training . in this paper , we point out that a competitive multi - agent environment trained with self - play can produce behaviors that are far more complex than the environment ←
→ refining adverse drug reaction signals by incorporating interaction variables identified using emergent pattern mining ; purpose : to develop a framework for identifying and incorporating candidate confounding interaction terms into a regularised cox regression analysis to refine adverse drug reaction signals obtained via longitudinal observational data . methods : we considered six drug families that are commonly associated with myocardial infarction in observational healthcare data , but where the causal re ←
→ volumetric super - resolution of multispectral data ; most multispectral remote sensors ( e . g . quickbird , ikonos , and landsat 7 etm +) provide low - spatial high - spectral resolution multispectral ( ms ) or high - spatial low - spectral resolution panchromatic ( pan ) images , separately . in order to reconstruct a high - spatial / high - spectral resolution multispectral image volume , either the information in ms and pan images are fused ( i . e . pansharpening ) or super - resolution reconstruction ( srr ) is used with only ms images ca ←
→ deep reinforcement learning for sponsored search real - time bidding ; bidding optimization is one of the most critical problems in online advertising . sponsored search ( ss ) auction , due to the randomness of user query behavior and platform nature , usually adopts keyword - level bidding strategies . in contrast , the display advertising ( da ), as a relatively simpler scenario for auction , has taken advantage of real - time bidding ( rtb ) to boost the performance for advertisers . in this paper , we consider the rtb pro ←
→ towards radio astronomical imaging using an arbitrary basis ; the new generation of radio telescopes , such as the square kilometer array ( ska ), requires dramatic advances in computer hardware and software , in order to process the large amounts of produced data efficiently . in this document , we explore a new approach to wide - field imaging . by generalizing the image reconstruction , which is performed by an inverse fourier transform , to arbitrary transformations , we gain enormous new possibilities . in particul ←
→ better summarization evaluation with word embeddings for rouge ; rouge is a widely adopted , automatic evaluation measure for text summarization . while it has been shown to correlate well with human judgements , it is biased towards surface lexical similarities . this makes it unsuitable for the evaluation of abstractive summarization , or summaries with substantial paraphrasing . we study the effectiveness of word embeddings to overcome this disadvantage of rouge . specifically , instead of measuring lexical over ←
→ fo ( c ): a knowledge representation language of causality ; cause - effect relations are an important part of human knowledge . in real life , humans often reason about complex causes linked to complex effects . by comparison , existing formalisms for representing knowledge about causal relations are quite limited in the kind of specifications of causes and effects they allow . in this paper , we present the new language c - log , which offers a significantly more expressive representation of effects , including such fea ←
→ offline handwriting recognition using genetic algorithm ; handwriting recognition enables a person to scribble something on a piece of paper and then convert it into text . if we look into the practical reality there are enumerable styles in which a character may be written . these styles can be self combined to generate more styles . even if a small child knows the basic styles a character can be written , he would be able to recognize characters written in styles intermediate between them or formed by their m ←
→ finding significant combinations of continuous features ; we present an efficient feature selection method that can find all multiplicative combinations of continuous features that are statistically significantly associated with the class variable , while rigorously correcting for multiple testing . the key to overcome the combinatorial explosion in the number of candidates is to derive a lower bound on the $ p $- value for each feature combination , which enables us to massively prune combinations that can never ←
→ who is the best connected ec researcher ? centrality analysis of the complex network of authors in evolutionary computation ; co - authorship graphs ( that is , the graph of authors linked by co - authorship of papers ) are complex networks , which expresses the dynamics of a complex system . only recently its study has started to draw interest from the ec community , the first paper dealing with it having been published two years ago . in this paper we will study the co - authorship network of ec at a microscopic leve ←
→ bootstrapping a lexicon for emotional arousal in software engineering ; emotional arousal increases activation and performance but may also lead to burnout in software development . we present the first version of a software engineering arousal lexicon ( sea ) that is specifically designed to address the problem of emotional arousal in the software developer ecosystem . sea is built using a bootstrapping approach that combines word embedding model trained on issue - tracking data and manual scoring of items in th ←
→ multigrid neural architectures ; we propose a multigrid extension of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). rather than manipulating representations living on a single spatial grid , our network layers operate across scale space , on a pyramid of grids . they consume multigrid inputs and produce multigrid outputs ; convolutional filters themselves have both within - scale and cross - scale extent . this aspect is distinct from simple multiscale designs , which only process the input at different scales . viewed in term ←
→ temporal dynamic appearance modeling for online multi - person tracking ; robust online multi - person tracking requires the correct associations of online detection responses with existing trajectories . we address this problem by developing a novel appearance modeling approach to provide accurate appearance affinities to guide data association . in contrast to most existing algorithms that only consider the spatial structure of human appearances , we exploit the temporal dynamic characteristics within temporal a ←
→ generating machine - executable plans from end - user ' s natural - language instructions ; it is critical for advanced manufacturing machines to autonomously execute a task by following an end - user ' s natural language ( nl ) instructions . however , nl instructions are usually ambiguous and abstract so that the machines may misunderstand and incorrectly execute the task . to address this nl - based human - machine communication problem and enable the machines to appropriately execute tasks by following the end - user ' s nl i ←
→ learning and solving many - player games through a cluster - based representation ; in addressing the challenge of exponential scaling with the number of agents we adopt a cluster - based representation to approximately solve asymmetric games of very many players . a cluster groups together agents with a similar " strategic view " of the game . we learn the clustered approximation from data consisting of strategy profiles and payoffs , which may be obtained from observations of play or access to a simulator . using o ←
→ wider or deeper : revisiting the resnet model for visual recognition ; the trend towards increasingly deep neural networks has been driven by a general observation that increasing depth increases the performance of a network . recently , however , evidence has been amassing that simply increasing depth may not be the best way to increase performance , particularly given other limitations . investigations into deep residual networks have also suggested that they may not in fact be operating as a single deep networ ←
→ beyond word embeddings : learning entity and concept representations from large scale knowledge bases ; text representation using neural word embeddings has proven efficacy in many nlp applications . recently , a lot of research interest goes beyond word embeddings by adapting the traditional word embedding models to learn vectors of multiword expressions ( concepts / entities ). however , current methods are limited to textual knowledge bases only ( e . g ., wikipedia ). in this paper , we propose a novel approach for ←
→ a note on darwiche and pearl ; it is shown that darwiche and pearl ' s postulates imply an interesting property , not noticed by the authors .←
→ non deterministic logic programs ; non deterministic applications arise in many domains , including , stochastic optimization , multi - objectives optimization , stochastic planning , contingent stochastic planning , reinforcement learning , reinforcement learning in partially observable markov decision processes , and conditional planning . we present a logic programming framework called non deterministic logic programs , along with a declarative semantics and fixpoint semantics , to allow representing and reasoning ab ←
→ on convergence of emphatic temporal - difference learning ; we consider emphatic temporal - difference learning algorithms for policy evaluation in discounted markov decision processes with finite spaces . such algorithms were recently proposed by sutton , mahmood , and white ( 2015 ) as an improved solution to the problem of divergence of off - policy temporal - difference learning with linear function approximation . we present in this paper the first convergence proofs for two emphatic algorithms , etd ($\ lambda $) and e ←
→ learning fast and slow : propedeutica for real - time malware detection ; in this paper , we introduce and evaluate propedeutica , a novel methodology and framework for efficient and effective real - time malware detection , leveraging the best of conventional machine learning ( ml ) and deep learning ( dl ) algorithms . in propedeutica , all software processes in the system start execution subjected to a conventional ml detector for fast classification . if a piece of software receives a borderline classification , it is ←
→ generalizing boolean satisfiability iii : implementation ; this is the third of three papers describing zap , a satisfiability engine that substantially generalizes existing tools while retaining the performance characteristics of modern high - performance solvers . the fundamental idea underlying zap is that many problems passed to such engines contain rich internal structure that is obscured by the boolean representation used ; our goal has been to define a representation in which this structure is apparent and ←
→ combined modeling of sparse and dense noise for improvement of relevance vector machine ; using a bayesian approach , we consider the problem of recovering sparse signals under additive sparse and dense noise . typically , sparse noise models outliers , impulse bursts or data loss . to handle sparse noise , existing methods simultaneously estimate the sparse signal of interest and the sparse noise of no interest . for estimating the sparse signal , without the need of estimating the sparse noise , we construct a r ←
→ space - time representation of people based on 3d skeletal data : a review ; spatiotemporal human representation based on 3d visual perception data is a rapidly growing research area . based on the information sources , these representations can be broadly categorized into two groups based on rgb - d information or 3d skeleton data . recently , skeleton - based human representations have been intensively studied and kept attracting an increasing attention , due to their robustness to variations of viewpoint , human body ←
→ jatecs an open - source java text categorization system ; jatecs is an open source java library that supports research on automatic text categorization and other related problems , such as ordinal regression and quantification , which are of special interest in opinion mining applications . it covers all the steps of an experimental activity , from reading the corpus to the evaluation of the experimental results . as jatecs is focused on text as the main input data , it provides the user with many text - dedicated to ←
→ wavelet convolutional neural networks for texture classification ; texture classification is an important and challenging problem in many image processing applications . while convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) achieved significant successes for image classification , texture classification remains a difficult problem since textures usually do not contain enough information regarding the shape of object . in image processing , texture classification has been traditionally studied well with spectral analyses w ←
→ shootout - 89 : a comparative evaluation of knowledge - based systems that forecast severe weather ; during the summer of 1989 , the forecast systems laboratory of the national oceanic and atmospheric administration sponsored an evaluation of artificial intelligence - based systems that forecast severe convective storms . the evaluation experiment , called shootout - 89 , took place in boulder , and focussed on storms over the northeastern colorado foothills and plains ( moninger , et al ., 1990 ). six systems participated ←
→ ultrametric model of mind , i : review ; we mathematically model ignacio matte blanco ' s principles of symmetric and asymmetric being through use of an ultrametric topology . we use for this the highly regarded 1975 book of this chilean psychiatrist and pyschoanalyst ( born 1908 , died 1995 ). such an ultrametric model corresponds to hierarchical clustering in the empirical data , e . g . text . we show how an ultrametric topology can be used as a mathematical model for the structure of the logic that reflects or expre ←
→( more ) efficient reinforcement learning via posterior sampling ; most provably - efficient learning algorithms introduce optimism about poorly - understood states and actions to encourage exploration . we study an alternative approach for efficient exploration , posterior sampling for reinforcement learning ( psrl ). this algorithm proceeds in repeated episodes of known duration . at the start of each episode , psrl updates a prior distribution over markov decision processes and takes one sample from this posterior . ←
→ stdp as presynaptic activity times rate of change of postsynaptic activity ; we introduce a weight update formula that is expressed only in terms of firing rates and their derivatives and that results in changes consistent with those associated with spike - timing dependent plasticity ( stdp ) rules and biological observations , even though the explicit timing of spikes is not needed . the new rule changes a synaptic weight in proportion to the product of the presynaptic firing rate and the temporal rate of cha ←
→ composition of credal sets via polyhedral geometry ; recently introduced composition operator for credal sets is an analogy of such operators in probability , possibility , evidence and valuation - based systems theories . it was designed to construct multidimensional models ( in the framework of credal sets ) from a system of low - dimensional credal sets . in this paper we study its potential from the computational point of view utilizing methods of polyhedral geometry .←
→ outlier robust online learning ; we consider the problem of learning from noisy data in practical settings where the size of data is too large to store on a single machine . more challenging , the data coming from the wild may contain malicious outliers . to address the scalability and robustness issues , we present an online robust learning ( orl ) approach . orl is simple to implement and has provable robustness guarantee -- in stark contrast to existing online learning approaches that are generally fragile to o ←
→ extracting lifted mutual exclusion invariants from temporal planning domains ; we present a technique for automatically extracting mutual exclusion invariants from temporal planning instances . it first identifies a set of invariant templates by inspecting the lifted representation of the domain and then checks these templates against properties that assure invariance . our technique builds on other approaches to invariant synthesis presented in the literature , but departs from their limited focus on instan ←
→ topic segmentation via community detection in complex networks ; many real systems have been modelled in terms of network concepts , and written texts are a particular example of information networks . in recent years , the use of network methods to analyze language has allowed the discovery of several interesting findings , including the proposition of novel models to explain the emergence of fundamental universal patterns . while syntactical networks , one of the most prevalent networked models of written texts ←
→ selecting attributes for sport forecasting using formal concept analysis ; in order to address complex systems , apply pattern recongnition on their evolution could play an key role to understand their dynamics . global patterns are required to detect emergent concepts and trends , some of them with qualitative nature . formal concept analysis ( fca ) is a theory whose goal is to discover and to extract knowledge from qualitative data . it provides tools for reasoning with implication basis ( and association rules )←
→ general theory of image normalization ; we give a systematic , abstract formulation of the image normalization method as applied to a general group of image transformations , and then illustrate the abstract analysis by applying it to the hierarchy of viewing transformations of a planar object .←
→ fingerprint gender classification using wavelet transform and singular value decomposition ; a novel method of gender classification from fingerprint is proposed based on discrete wavelet transform ( dwt ) and singular value decomposition ( svd ). the classification is achieved by extracting the energy computed from all the sub - bands of dwt combined with the spatial features of non - zero singular values obtained from the svd of fingerprint images . k nearest neighbor ( knn ) used as a classifier . this method is e ←
→ predicting depression severity by multi - modal feature engineering and fusion ; we present our preliminary work to determine if patient ' s vocal acoustic , linguistic , and facial patterns could predict clinical ratings of depression severity , namely patient health questionnaire depression scale ( phq - 8 ). we proposed a multi modal fusion model that combines three different modalities : audio , video , and text features . by training over avec 2017 data set , our proposed model outperforms each single modality pred ←
→ ending - based strategies for part - of - speech tagging ; probabilistic approaches to part - of - speech tagging rely primarily on whole - word statistics about word / tag combinations as well as contextual information . but experience shows about 4 per cent of tokens encountered in test sets are unknown even when the training set is as large as a million words . unseen words are tagged using secondary strategies that exploit word features such as endings , capitalizations and punctuation marks . in this work , word - ending s ←
→ retrospective causal inference with machine learning ensembles : an application to anti - recidivism policies in colombia ; we present new methods to estimate causal effects retrospectively from micro data with the assistance of a machine learning ensemble . this approach overcomes two important limitations in conventional methods like regression modeling or matching : ( i ) ambiguity about the pertinent retrospective counterfactuals and ( ii ) potential misspecification , overfitting , and otherwise bias - prone or i ←
→ application of particle swarm optimization to microwave tapered microstrip lines ; application of metaheuristic algorithms has been of continued interest in the field of electrical engineering because of their powerful features . in this work special design is done for a tapered transmission line used for matching an arbitrary real load to a 50 {\ omega } line . the problem at hand is to match this arbitrary load to 50 {\ omega } line using three section tapered transmission line with impedances in decreasing or ←
→ complex - valued image denosing based on group - wise complex - domain sparsity ; phase imaging and wavefront reconstruction from noisy observations of complex exponent is a topic of this paper . it is a highly non - linear problem because the exponent is a 2 {\ pi }- periodic function of phase . the reconstruction of phase and amplitude is difficult . even with an additive gaussian noise in observations distributions of noisy components in phase and amplitude are signal dependent and non - gaussian . additional difficulti ←
→ the robust reading competition annotation and evaluation platform ; the icdar robust reading competition ( rrc ), initiated in 2003 and re - established in 2011 , has become the de - facto evaluation standard for the international community . concurrent with its second incarnation in 2011 , a continuous effort started to develop an online framework to facilitate the hosting and management of competitions . this short paper briefly outlines the robust reading competition annotation and evaluation platform , the bac ←
→ sharp finite - time iterated - logarithm martingale concentration ; we give concentration bounds for martingales that are uniform over finite times and extend classical hoeffding and bernstein inequalities . we also demonstrate our concentration bounds to be optimal with a matching anti - concentration inequality , proved using the same method . together these constitute a finite - time version of the law of the iterated logarithm , and shed light on the relationship between it and the central limit theorem .←
→ modeling activity tracker data using deep boltzmann machines ; commercial activity trackers are set to become an essential tool in health research , due to increasing availability in the general population . the corresponding vast amounts of mostly unlabeled data pose a challenge to statistical modeling approaches . to investigate the feasibility of deep learning approaches for unsupervised learning with such data , we examine weekly usage patterns of fitbit activity trackers with deep boltzmann machines ( dbms )←
→ predictive capacity of meteorological data - will it rain tomorrow ; with the availability of high precision digital sensors and cheap storage medium , it is not uncommon to find large amounts of data collected on almost all measurable attributes , both in nature and man - made habitats . weather in particular has been an area of keen interest for researchers to develop more accurate and reliable prediction models . this paper presents a set of experiments which involve the use of prevalent machine learning techn ←
→ language models for image captioning : the quirks and what works ; two recent approaches have achieved state - of - the - art results in image captioning . the first uses a pipelined process where a set of candidate words is generated by a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) trained on images , and then a maximum entropy ( me ) language model is used to arrange these words into a coherent sentence . the second uses the penultimate activation layer of the cnn as input to a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) that then generat ←
→ regret analysis of the finite - horizon gittins index strategy for multi - armed bandits ; i analyse the frequentist regret of the famous gittins index strategy for multi - armed bandits with gaussian noise and a finite horizon . remarkably it turns out that this approach leads to finite - time regret guarantees comparable to those available for the popular ucb algorithm . along the way i derive finite - time bounds on the gittins index that are asymptotically exact and may be of independent interest . i also discuss ←
→ investigation of commuting hamiltonian in quantum markov network ; graphical models have various applications in science and engineering which include physics , bioinformatics , telecommunication and etc . usage of graphical models needs complex computations in order to evaluation of marginal functions , so there are some powerful methods including mean field approximation , belief propagation algorithm and etc . quantum graphical models have been recently developed in context of quantum information and computatio ←
→ an electronic dictionary as a basis for nlp tools : the greek case ; the existence of a dictionary in electronic form for modern greek ( mg ) is mandatory if one is to process mg at the morphological and syntactic levels since mg is a highly inflectional language with marked stress and a spelling system with many characteristics carried over from ancient greek . moreover , such a tool becomes necessary if one is to create efficient and sophisticated nlp applications with substantial linguistic backing and covera ←
→ 3d pathfinding and collision avoidance using uneven search - space quantization and visual cone search ; pathfinding is a very popular area in computer game development . while two - dimensional ( 2d ) pathfinding is widely applied in most of the popular game engines , little implementation of real three - dimensional ( 3d ) pathfinding can be found . this research presents a dynamic search space optimization algorithm which can be applied to tessellate 3d search space unevenly , significantly reducing the total number ←
→ ibsead : - a self - evolving self - obsessed learning algorithm for machine learning ; we present ibsead or distributed autonomous entity systems based interaction - a learning algorithm for the computer to self - evolve in a self - obsessed manner . this learning algorithm will present the computer to look at the internal and external environment in series of independent entities , which will interact with each other , with and / or without knowledge of the computer ' s brain . when a learning algorithm interacts , it doe ←
→ neuro fuzzy modelling for prediction of consumer price index ; economic indicators such as consumer price index ( cpi ) have frequently used in predicting future economic wealth for financial policy makers of respective country . most central banks , on guidelines of research studies , have recently adopted an inflation targeting monetary policy regime , which accounts for high requirement for effective prediction model of consumer price index . however , prediction accuracy by numerous studies is still low , which ←
→ contextually guided semantic labeling and search for 3d point clouds ; rgb - d cameras , which give an rgb image to - gether with depths , are becoming increasingly popular for robotic perception . in this paper , we address the task of detecting commonly found objects in the 3d point cloud of indoor scenes obtained from such cameras . our method uses a graphical model that captures various features and contextual relations , including the local visual appearance and shape cues , object co - occurence relationships and ←
→ review of statistical shape spaces for 3d data with comparative analysis for human faces ; with systems for acquiring 3d surface data being evermore commonplace , it has become important to reliably extract specific shapes from the acquired data . in the presence of noise and occlusions , this can be done through the use of statistical shape models , which are learned from databases of clean examples of the shape in question . in this paper , we review , analyze and compare different statistical models : from tho ←
→ pre - processing of domain ontology graph generation system in punjabi ; this paper describes pre - processing phase of ontology graph generation system from punjabi text documents of different domains . this research paper focuses on pre - processing of punjabi text documents . pre - processing is structured representation of the input text . pre - processing of ontology graph generation includes allowing input restrictions to the text , removal of special symbols and punctuation marks , removal of duplicate terms , remov ←
→ variance reduction methods for sublinear reinforcement learning ; this work considers the problem of provably optimal reinforcement learning for ( episodic ) finite horizon mdps , i . e . how an agent learns to maximize his / her ( long term ) reward in an uncertain environment . the main contribution is in providing a novel algorithm --- variance - reduced upper confidence q - learning ( vucq ) --- which enjoys a regret bound of $\ widetilde { o }(\ sqrt { hsat } + h ^ 5sa )$, where the $ t $ is the number of time steps the agent acts ←
→ reinterpreting importance - weighted autoencoders ; the standard interpretation of importance - weighted autoencoders is that they maximize a tighter lower bound on the marginal likelihood than the standard evidence lower bound . we give an alternate interpretation of this procedure : that it optimizes the standard variational lower bound , but using a more complex distribution . we formally derive this result , present a tighter lower bound , and visualize the implicit importance - weighted distribution .←
→ maximum likelihood bounded tree - width markov networks ; chow and liu ( 1968 ) studied the problem of learning a maximumlikelihood markov tree . we generalize their work to more complexmarkov networks by considering the problem of learning a maximumlikelihood markov network of bounded complexity . we discuss howtree - width is in many ways the appropriate measure of complexity andthus analyze the problem of learning a maximum likelihood markovnetwork of bounded tree - width . similar to the work of chow and liu , we ar ←
→ be careful when assuming the obvious : commentary on " the placement of the head that minimizes online memory : a complex systems approach " ; ferrer - i - cancho ( 2015 ) presents a mathematical model of both the synchronic and diachronic nature of word order based on the assumption that memory costs are a never decreasing function of distance and a few very general linguistic assumptions . however , even these minimal and seemingly obvious assumptions are not as safe as they appear in light of recent typological an ←
→ sparse projections of medical images onto manifolds ; manifold learning has been successfully applied to a variety of medical imaging problems . its use in real - time applications requires fast projection onto the low - dimensional space . to this end , out - of - sample extensions are applied by constructing an interpolation function that maps from the input space to the low - dimensional manifold . commonly used approaches such as the nystr \"{ o } m extension and kernel ridge regression require using all training points .←
→ probabilistic constraint logic programming . formal foundations of quantitative and statistical inference in constraint - based natural language processing ; in this thesis , we present two approaches to a rigorous mathematical and algorithmic foundation of quantitative and statistical inference in constraint - based natural language processing . the first approach , called quantitative constraint logic programming , is conceptualized in a clear logical framework , and presents a sound and complete system of quan ←
→ on the approximation by single hidden layer feedforward neural networks with fixed weights ; feedforward neural networks have wide applicability in various disciplines of science due to their universal approximation property . some authors have shown that single hidden layer feedforward neural networks ( slfns ) with fixed weights still possess the universal approximation property provided that approximated functions are univariate . but this phenomenon does not lay any restrictions on the number of neurons i ←
→ fast marginalized block sparse bayesian learning algorithm ; the performance of sparse signal recovery from noise corrupted , underdetermined measurements can be improved if both sparsity and correlation structure of signals are exploited . one typical correlation structure is the intra - block correlation in block sparse signals . to exploit this structure , a framework , called block sparse bayesian learning ( bsbl ), has been proposed recently . algorithms derived from this framework showed superior performance bu ←
→ deep structured learning for mass segmentation from mammograms ; in this paper , we present a novel method for the segmentation of breast masses from mammograms exploring structured and deep learning . specifically , using structured support vector machine ( ssvm ), we formulate a model that combines different types of potential functions , including one that classifies image regions using deep learning . our main goal with this work is to show the accuracy and efficiency improvements that these relatively new tec ←
→ learning frame models using cnn filters ; the convolutional neural network ( convnet or cnn ) has proven to be very successful in many tasks such as those in computer vision . in this conceptual paper , we study the generative perspective of the discriminative cnn . in particular , we propose to learn the generative frame ( filters , random field , and maximum entropy ) model using the highly expressive filters pre - learned by the cnn at the convolutional layers . we show that the learning algorithm can generate realis ←
→ convolutional neural networks combined with runge - kutta methods ; a convolutional neural network for image classification can be constructed following some mathematical ways since it models the ventral stream in visual cortex which is regarded as a multi - period dynamical system . in this paper , a new point of view is proposed for constructing network models as well as providing a direction to get inspiration or explanation for neural network . if each period in ventral stream was deemed to be a dynamical syst ←
→ stability of matrix factorization for collaborative filtering ; we study the stability vis a vis adversarial noise of matrix factorization algorithm for matrix completion . in particular , our results include : ( i ) we bound the gap between the solution matrix of the factorization method and the ground truth in terms of root mean square error ; ( ii ) we treat the matrix factorization as a subspace fitting problem and analyze the difference between the solution subspace and the ground truth ; ( iii ) we analyze the p ←
→ occlusion aware unsupervised learning of optical flow ; it has been recently shown that a convolutional neural network can learn optical flow estimation with unsupervised learning . however , the performance of the unsupervised methods still has a relatively large gap compared to its supervised counterpart . occlusion and large motion are some of the major factors that limit the current unsupervised learning of optical flow methods . in this work we introduce a new method which models occlusion explicitly and a ←
→ topically driven neural language model ; language models are typically applied at the sentence level , without access to the broader document context . we present a neural language model that incorporates document context in the form of a topic model - like architecture , thus providing a succinct representation of the broader document context outside of the current sentence . experiments over a range of datasets demonstrate that our model outperforms a pure sentence - based model in terms of language model perplex ←
→ conditional adversarial synthesis of 3d facial action units ; employing deep learning - based approaches for fine - grained facial expression analysis , such as those involving the estimation of action unit ( au ) intensities , is difficult due to the lack of a large - scale dataset of real faces with sufficiently diverse au labels for training . in this paper , we consider how au - level facial image synthesis can be used to substantially augment such a dataset . we propose an au synthesis framework that combines the wel ←
→ context aware saliency map generation using semantic segmentation ; saliency map detection , as a method for detecting important regions of an image , is used in many applications such as image classification and recognition . we propose that context detection could have an essential role in image saliency detection . this requires extraction of high level features . in this paper a saliency map is proposed , based on image context detection using semantic segmentation as a high level feature . saliency map from s ←
→ method to detect eye position noise from video - oculography when detection of pupil or corneal reflection position fails ; we present software to detect noise in eye position signals from video - based eye - tracking systems that depend on accurate pupil and corneal reflection position estimation . when such systems transiently fail to properly detect the pupil or the corneal reflection due to occlusion from eyelids , eye lashes or various shadows , the estimated gaze position is false . this produces an artifactu ←
→ arabic character segmentation using projection based approach with profile ' s amplitude filter ; arabic is one of the languages that present special challenges to optical character recognition ( ocr ). the main challenge in arabic is that it is mostly cursive . therefore , a segmentation process must be carried out to determine where the character begins and where it ends . this step is essential for character recognition . this paper presents arabic character segmentation algorithm . the proposed algorithm uses ←
→ microstructure reconstruction using entropic descriptors ; a multi - scale approach to the inverse reconstruction of a pattern ' s microstructure is reported . instead of a correlation function , a pair of entropic descriptors ( eds ) is proposed for stochastic optimization method . the first of them measures a spatial inhomogeneity , for a binary pattern , or compositional one , for a greyscale image . the second one quantifies a spatial or compositional statistical complexity . the eds reveal structural information tha ←
→ instance - level salient object segmentation ; image saliency detection has recently witnessed rapid progress due to deep convolutional neural networks . however , none of the existing methods is able to identify object instances in the detected salient regions . in this paper , we present a salient instance segmentation method that produces a saliency mask with distinct object instance labels for an input image . our method consists of three steps , estimating saliency map , detecting salient object contours and id ←
→ analogue quantum computers for data analysis ; analogue computers use continuous properties of physical system for modeling . in the paper is described possibility of modeling by analogue quantum computers for some model of data analysis . it is analogue associative memory and a formal neural network . a particularity of the models is combination of continuous internal processes with discrete set of output states . the modeling of the system by classical analogue computers was offered long times ago , but now it ←
→ a giant with feet of clay : on the validity of the data that feed machine learning in medicine ; this paper considers the use of machine learning ( ml ) in medicine by focusing on the main problem that this computational approach has been aimed at solving or at least minimizing : uncertainty . to this aim , we point out how uncertainty is so ingrained in medicine that it biases also the representation of clinical phenomena , that is the very input of ml models , thus undermining the clinical significance of their ←
→ constrained convolutional - recurrent networks to improve speech quality with low impact on recognition accuracy ; for a speech - enhancement algorithm , it is highly desirable to simultaneously improve perceptual quality and recognition rate . thanks to computational costs and model complexities , it is challenging to train a model that effectively optimizes both metrics at the same time . in this paper , we propose a method for speech enhancement that combines local and global contextual structures information t ←
→ a review on automated brain tumor detection and segmentation from mri of brain ; tumor segmentation from magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) data is an important but time consuming manual task performed by medical experts . automating this process is a challenging task because of the high diversity in the appearance of tumor tissues among different patients and in many cases similarity with the normal tissues . mri is an advanced medical imaging technique providing rich information about the human soft - tissue ←
→ learning from labeled and unlabeled data : an empirical study across techniques and domains ; there has been increased interest in devising learning techniques that combine unlabeled data with labeled data ? i . e . semi - supervised learning . however , to the best of our knowledge , no study has been performed across various techniques and different types and amounts of labeled and unlabeled data . moreover , most of the published work on semi - supervised learning techniques assumes that the labeled and unlabeled d ←
→ reinforcement learning to rank in e - commerce search engine : formalization , analysis , and application ; in e - commerce platforms such as amazon and taobao , ranking items in a search session is a typical multi - step decision - making problem . learning to rank ( ltr ) methods have been widely applied to ranking problems . however , such methods often consider different ranking steps in a session to be independent , which conversely may be highly correlated to each other . for better utilizing the correlation between d ←
→ batched high - dimensional bayesian optimization via structural kernel learning ; optimization of high - dimensional black - box functions is an extremely challenging problem . while bayesian optimization has emerged as a popular approach for optimizing black - box functions , its applicability has been limited to low - dimensional problems due to its computational and statistical challenges arising from high - dimensional settings . in this paper , we propose to tackle these challenges by ( 1 ) assuming a latent additive ←
→ photographic dataset : playing cards ; this is a photographic dataset collected for testing image processing algorithms . the idea is to have images that can exploit the properties of total variation , therefore a set of playing cards was distributed on the scene . the dataset is made available at www . fips . fi / photographic_dataset2 . php ←
→ deblurgan : blind motion deblurring using conditional adversarial networks ; we present an end - to - end learning approach for motion deblurring , which is based on conditional gan and content loss . it improves the state - of - the art in terms of peak signal - to - noise ratio , structural similarity measure and by visual appearance . the quality of the deblurring model is also evaluated in a novel way on a real - world problem -- object detection on ( de -) blurred images . the method is 5 times faster than the closest comp ←
→ an extended framework for marginalized domain adaptation ; we propose an extended framework for marginalized domain adaptation , aimed at addressing unsupervised , supervised and semi - supervised scenarios . we argue that the denoising principle should be extended to explicitly promote domain - invariant features as well as help the classification task . therefore we propose to jointly learn the data auto - encoders and the target classifiers . first , in order to make the denoised features domain - invariant , we propos ←
→ structure from motion : theoretical foundations of a novel approach using custom built invariants ; we rephrase the problem of 3d reconstruction from images in terms of intersections of projections of orbits of custom built lie groups actions . we then use an algorithmic method based on moving frames " a la fels - olver " to obtain a fundamental set of invariants of these groups actions . the invariants are used to define a set of equations to be solved by the points of the 3d object , providing a new technique f ←
→ fearnet : brain - inspired model for incremental learning ; incremental class learning involves sequentially learning classes in bursts of examples from the same class . this violates the assumptions that underlie methods for training standard deep neural networks , and will cause them to suffer from catastrophic forgetting . arguably , the best method for incremental class learning is icarl , but it requires storing training examples for each class , making it challenging to scale . here , we propose fearnet for incr ←
→ problem solving and complex systems ; the observation and modeling of natural complex systems ( css ) like the human nervous system , the evolution or the weather , allows the definition of special abilities and models reusable to solve other problems . for instance , genetic algorithms or ant colony optimizations are inspired from natural css to solve optimization problems . this paper proposes the use of ant - based systems to solve various problems with a non assessing approach . this means that solutions to some ←
→ explosion prediction of oil gas using svm and logistic regression ; the prevention of dangerous chemical accidents is a primary problem of industrial manufacturing . in the accidents of dangerous chemicals , the oil gas explosion plays an important role . the essential task of the explosion prevention is to estimate the better explosion limit of a given oil gas . in this paper , support vector machines ( svm ) and logistic regression ( lr ) are used to predict the explosion of oil gas . lr can get the explicit probab ←
→ the convexity and design of composite multiclass losses ; we consider composite loss functions for multiclass prediction comprising a proper ( i . e ., fisher - consistent ) loss over probability distributions and an inverse link function . we establish conditions for their ( strong ) convexity and explore the implications . we also show how the separation of concerns afforded by using this composite representation allows for the design of families of losses with the same bayes risk .←
→ neural programmer : inducing latent programs with gradient descent ; deep neural networks have achieved impressive supervised classification performance in many tasks including image recognition , speech recognition , and sequence to sequence learning . however , this success has not been translated to applications like question answering that may involve complex arithmetic and logic reasoning . a major limitation of these models is in their inability to learn even simple arithmetic and logic operations . for exam ←
→ scalable multilabel prediction via randomized methods ; modeling the dependence between outputs is a fundamental challenge in multilabel classification . in this work we show that a generic regularized nonlinearity mapping independent predictions to joint predictions is sufficient to achieve state - of - the - art performance on a variety of benchmark problems . crucially , we compute the joint predictions without ever obtaining any independent predictions , while incorporating low - rank and smoothness regularization .←
→ analyzing first - person stories based on socializing , eating and sedentary patterns ; first - person stories can be analyzed by means of egocentric pictures acquired throughout the whole active day with wearable cameras . this manuscript presents an egocentric dataset with more than 45 , 000 pictures from four people in different environments such as working or studying . all the images were manually labeled to identify three patterns of interest regarding people ' s lifestyle : socializing , eating and sedentary . a ←
→ learning graph convolution filters from data manifold ; convolution neural network ( cnn ) has gained tremendous success in computer vision tasks with its outstanding ability to capture the local latent features . recently , there has been an increasing interest in extending cnns to the general spatial domain . although various types of graph and geometric convolution methods have been proposed , their connections to traditional 2d - convolution are not well - understood . in this paper , we show that depthwise separab ←
→ grammatical constraints on intra - sentential code - switching : from theories to working models ; we make one of the first attempts to build working models for intra - sentential code - switching based on the equivalence - constraint ( poplack 1980 ) and matrix - language ( myers - scotton 1993 ) theories . we conduct a detailed theoretical analysis , and a small - scale empirical study of the two models for hindi - english cs . our analyses show that the models are neither sound nor complete . taking insights from the errors made ←
→ distributed bayesian inference for consistent labeling of tracked objects in non - overlapping camera networks ; one of the fundamental requirements for visual surveillance using non - overlapping camera networks is the correct labeling of tracked objects on each camera in a consistent way , in the sense that the captured tracklets , or observations in this paper , of the same object at different cameras should be assigned with the same label . in this paper , we formulate this task as a bayesian inference problem ←
→ optimal transport for multi - source domain adaptation under target shift ; in this paper , we propose to tackle the problem of reducing discrepancies between multiple domains referred to as multi - source domain adaptation and consider it under the target shift assumption : in all domains we aim to solve a classification problem with the same output classes , but with labels ' proportions differing across them . we design a method based on optimal transport , a theory that is gaining momentum to tackle adaptation pr ←
→ shape estimation from defocus cue for microscopy images via belief propagation ; in recent years , the usefulness of 3d shape estimation is being realized in microscopic or close - range imaging , as the 3d information can further be used in various applications . due to limited depth of field at such small distances , the defocus blur induced in images can provide information about the 3d shape of the object . the task of ` shape from defocus ' ( sfd ), involves the problem of estimating good quality 3d shape estim ←
→ information theoretic model validation for clustering ; model selection in clustering requires ( i ) to specify a suitable clustering principle and ( ii ) to control the model order complexity by choosing an appropriate number of clusters depending on the noise level in the data . we advocate an information theoretic perspective where the uncertainty in the measurements quantizes the set of data partitionings and , thereby , induces uncertainty in the solution space of clusterings . a clustering model , which can to ←
→ thundervolt : enabling aggressive voltage underscaling and timing error resilience for energy efficient deep neural network accelerators ; hardware accelerators are being increasingly deployed to boost the performance and energy efficiency of deep neural network ( dnn ) inference . in this paper we propose thundervolt , a new framework that enables aggressive voltage underscaling of high - performance dnn accelerators without compromising classification accuracy even in the presence of high timing error rates . u ←
→ interactive submodular set cover ; we introduce a natural generalization of submodular set cover and exact active learning with a finite hypothesis class ( query learning ). we call this new problem interactive submodular set cover . applications include advertising in social networks with hidden information . we give an approximation guarantee for a novel greedy algorithm and give a hardness of approximation result which matches up to constant factors . we also discuss negative results for simpler approaches an ←
→ uniform semantic treatment of default and autoepistemic logics ; we revisit the issue of connections between two leading formalisms in nonmonotonic reasoning : autoepistemic logic and default logic . for each logic we develop a comprehensive semantic framework based on the notion of a belief pair . the set of all belief pairs together with the so called knowledge ordering forms a complete lattice . for each logic , we introduce several semantics by means of fixpoints of operators on the lattice of belief pairs . ←
→ bayesian optimal active search and surveying ; we consider two active binary - classification problems with atypical objectives . in the first , active search , our goal is to actively uncover as many members of a given class as possible . in the second , active surveying , our goal is to actively query points to ultimately predict the proportion of a given class . numerous real - world problems can be framed in these terms , and in either case typical model - based concerns such as generalization error are only of secon ←
→ stochastic privacy ; online services such as web search and e - commerce applications typically rely on the collection of data about users , including details of their activities on the web . such personal data is used to enhance the quality of service via personalization of content and to maximize revenues via better targeting of advertisements and deeper engagement of users on sites . to date , service providers have largely followed the approach of either requiring or requesting consent for opting - in to share ←
→ toward attribute efficient learning algorithms ; we make progress on two important problems regarding attribute efficient learnability . first , we give an algorithm for learning decision lists of length $ k $ over $ n $ variables using $ 2 ^{\ tilde { o }( k ^{ 1 / 3 })} \ log n $ examples and time $ n ^{\ tilde { o }( k ^{ 1 / 3 })}$. this is the first algorithm for learning decision lists that has both subexponential sample complexity and subexponential running time in the relevant parameters . our approach establishes a relationship ←
→ deep structure for end - to - end inverse rendering ; inverse rendering in a 3d format denoted to recovering the 3d properties of a scene given 2d input image ( s ) and is typically done using 3d morphable model ( 3dmm ) based methods from single view images . these models formulate each face as a weighted combination of some basis vectors extracted from the training data . in this paper a deep framework is proposed in which the coefficients and basis vectors are computed by training an autoencoder network and a convo ←
→ toward a robust sparse data representation for wireless sensor networks ; compressive sensing has been successfully used for optimized operations in wireless sensor networks . however , raw data collected by sensors may be neither originally sparse nor easily transformed into a sparse data representation . this paper addresses the problem of transforming source data collected by sensor nodes into a sparse representation with a few nonzero elements . our contributions that address three major issues include : 1 ) ←
→ convexity analysis of snake models based on hamiltonian formulation ; this paper presents a convexity analysis for the dynamic snake model based on the potential energy functional and the hamiltonian formulation of the classical mechanics . first we see the snake model as a dynamical system whose singular points are the borders we seek . next we show that a necessary condition for a singular point to be an attractor is that the energy functional is strictly convex in a neighborhood of it , that means , if the s ←
→ teleo - reactive programs for agent control ; a formalism is presented for computing and organizing actions for autonomous agents in dynamic environments . we introduce the notion of teleo - reactive ( t - r ) programs whose execution entails the construction of circuitry for the continuous computation of the parameters and conditions on which agent action is based . in addition to continuous feedback , t - r programs support parameter binding and recursion . a primary difference between t - r programs and many other circu ←
→ dynamic network models for forecasting ; we have developed a probabilistic forecasting methodology through a synthesis of belief network models and classical time - series analysis . we present the dynamic network model ( dnm ) and describe methods for constructing , refining , and performing inference with this representation of temporal probabilistic knowledge . the dnm representation extends static belief - network models to more general dynamic forecasting models by integrating and iteratively refining contempora ←
→ robust image sentiment analysis using progressively trained and domain transferred deep networks ; sentiment analysis of online user generated content is important for many social media analytics tasks . researchers have largely relied on textual sentiment analysis to develop systems to predict political elections , measure economic indicators , and so on . recently , social media users are increasingly using images and videos to express their opinions and share their experiences . sentiment analysis of such la ←
→ constructive setting of the density ratio estimation problem and its rigorous solution ; we introduce a general constructive setting of the density ratio estimation problem as a solution of a ( multidimensional ) integral equation . in this equation , not only its right hand side is known approximately , but also the integral operator is defined approximately . we show that this ill - posed problem has a rigorous solution and obtain the solution in a closed form . the key element of this solution is the novel v - ma ←
→ multi - attention recurrent network for human communication comprehension ; human face - to - face communication is a complex multimodal signal . we use words ( language modality ), gestures ( vision modality ) and changes in tone ( acoustic modality ) to convey our intentions . humans easily process and understand face - to - face communication , however , comprehending this form of communication remains a significant challenge for artificial intelligence ( ai ). ai must understand each modality and the interactions between the ←
→ a multi - horizon quantile recurrent forecaster ; we propose a framework for general probabilistic multi - step time series regression . specifically , we exploit the expressiveness and temporal nature of recurrent neural networks , the nonparametric nature of quantile regression and the efficiency of direct multi - horizon forecasting . a new training scheme for recurrent nets is designed to boost stability and performance . we show that the approach accommodates both temporal and static covariates , learning across m ←
→ object - centric sampling for fine - grained image classification ; this paper proposes to go beyond the state - of - the - art deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) by incorporating the information from object detection , focusing on dealing with fine - grained image classification . unfortunately , cnn suffers from over - fiting when it is trained on existing fine - grained image classification benchmarks , which typically only consist of less than a few tens of thousands training images . therefore , we first construct a la ←
→ an improved algorithm for eye corner detection ; in this paper , a modified algorithm for the detection of nasal and temporal eye corners is presented . the algorithm is a modification of the santos and proenka method . in the first step , we detect the face and the eyes using classifiers based on haar - like features . we then segment out the sclera , from the detected eye region . from the segmented sclera , we segment out an approximate eyelid contour . eye corner candidates are obtained using harris and stephens c ←
→ predicting the co - evolution of event and knowledge graphs ; embedding learning , a . k . a . representation learning , has been shown to be able to model large - scale semantic knowledge graphs . a key concept is a mapping of the knowledge graph to a tensor representation whose entries are predicted by models using latent representations of generalized entities . knowledge graphs are typically treated as static : a knowledge graph grows more links when more facts become available but the ground truth values associated ←
→ laplacian regularized low rank subspace clustering ; the problem of fitting a union of subspaces to a collection of data points drawn from multiple subspaces is considered in this paper . in the traditional low rank representation model , the dictionary used to represent the data points is chosen as the data points themselves and thus the dictionary is corrupted with noise . this problem is solved in the low rank subspace clustering model which decomposes the corrupted data matrix as the sum of a clean and sel ←
→ local minimax complexity of stochastic convex optimization ; we extend the traditional worst - case , minimax analysis of stochastic convex optimization by introducing a localized form of minimax complexity for individual functions . our main result gives function - specific lower and upper bounds on the number of stochastic subgradient evaluations needed to optimize either the function or its " hardest local alternative " to a given numerical precision . the bounds are expressed in terms of a localized and computat ←
→ towards faster rates and oracle property for low - rank matrix estimation ; we present a unified framework for low - rank matrix estimation with nonconvex penalties . we first prove that the proposed estimator attains a faster statistical rate than the traditional low - rank matrix estimator with nuclear norm penalty . moreover , we rigorously show that under a certain condition on the magnitude of the nonzero singular values , the proposed estimator enjoys oracle property ( i . e ., exactly recovers the true rank of the ←
→ feedback neural network for weakly supervised geo - semantic segmentation ; learning from weakly - supervised data is one of the main challenges in machine learning and computer vision , especially for tasks such as image semantic segmentation where labeling is extremely expensive and subjective . in this paper , we propose a novel neural network architecture to perform weakly - supervised learning by suppressing irrelevant neuron activations . it localizes objects of interest by learning from image - level categorical ←
→ a data mining approach to the diagnosis of tuberculosis by cascading clustering and classification ; in this paper , a methodology for the automated detection and classification of tuberculosis ( tb ) is presented . tuberculosis is a disease caused by mycobacterium which spreads through the air and attacks low immune bodies easily . our methodology is based on clustering and classification that classifies tb into two categories , pulmonary tuberculosis ( ptb ) and retroviral ptb ( rptb ) that is those with human immun ←
→ a question - focused multi - factor attention network for question answering ; neural network models recently proposed for question answering ( qa ) primarily focus on capturing the passage - question relation . however , they have minimal capability to link relevant facts distributed across multiple sentences which is crucial in achieving deeper understanding , such as performing multi - sentence reasoning , co - reference resolution , etc . they also do not explicitly focus on the question and answer type which often plays ←
→ research on bi - mode biometrics based on deep learning ; in view of the fact that biological characteristics have excellent independent distinguishing characteristics , biometric identification technology involves almost all the relevant areas of human distinction . fingerprints , iris , face , voice - print and other biological features have been widely used in the public security departments to detect detection , mobile equipment unlock , target tracking and other fields . with the use of electronic devices more and ←
→ centric selection : a way to tune the exploration / exploitation trade - off ; in this paper , we study the exploration / exploitation trade - off in cellular genetic algorithms . we define a new selection scheme , the centric selection , which is tunable and allows controlling the selective pressure with a single parameter . the equilibrium model is used to study the influence of the centric selection on the selective pressure and a new model which takes into account problem dependent statistics and selective pressure ←
→ non - parametric image registration of airborne lidar , hyperspectral and photographic imagery of forests ; there is much current interest in using multi - sensor airborne remote sensing to monitor the structure and biodiversity of forests . this paper addresses the application of non - parametric image registration techniques to precisely align images obtained from multimodal imaging , which is critical for the successful identification of individual trees using object recognition approaches . non - parametric image ←
→ on the letter frequencies and entropy of written marathi ; we carry out a comprehensive analysis of letter frequencies in contemporary written marathi . we determine sets of letters which statistically predominate any large generic marathi text , and use these sets to estimate the entropy of marathi .←
→ fast barcode retrieval for consensus contouring ; marking tumors and organs is a challenging task suffering from both inter - and intra - observer variability . the literature quantifies observer variability by generating consensus among multiple experts when they mark the same image . automatically building consensus contours to establish quality assurance for image segmentation is presently absent in the clinical practice . as the \ emph { big data } becomes more and more available , techniques to access a large num ←
→ fix your classifier : the marginal value of training the last weight layer ; neural networks are commonly used as models for classification for a wide variety of tasks . typically , a learned affine transformation is placed at the end of such models , yielding a per - class value used for classification . this classifier can have a vast number of parameters , which grows linearly with the number of possible classes , thus requiring increasingly more resources . in this work we argue that this classifier can be fixe ←
→ weighted last - step min - max algorithm with improved sub - logarithmic regret ; in online learning the performance of an algorithm is typically compared to the performance of a fixed function from some class , with a quantity called regret . forster proposed a last - step min - max algorithm which was somewhat simpler than the algorithm of vovk , yet with the same regret . in fact the algorithm he analyzed assumed that the choices of the adversary are bounded , yielding artificially only the two extreme cases . we fix ←
→ recent advances in convolutional neural networks ; in the last few years , deep learning has led to very good performance on a variety of problems , such as visual recognition , speech recognition and natural language processing . among different types of deep neural networks , convolutional neural networks have been most extensively studied . leveraging on the rapid growth in the amount of the annotated data and the great improvements in the strengths of graphics processor units , the research on convolutional ne ←
→ optimizing over a restricted policy class in markov decision processes ; we address the problem of finding an optimal policy in a markov decision process under a restricted policy class defined by the convex hull of a set of base policies . this problem is of great interest in applications in which a number of reasonably good ( or safe ) policies are already known and we are only interested in optimizing in their convex hull . we show that this problem is np - hard to solve exactly as well as to approximate to ar ←
→ universal sequential decisions in unknown environments ; we give a brief introduction to the aixi model , which unifies and overcomes the limitations of sequential decision theory and universal solomonoff induction . while the former theory is suited for active agents in known environments , the latter is suited for passive prediction of unknown environments .←
→ concrete sentence spaces for compositional distributional models of meaning ; coecke , sadrzadeh , and clark ( arxiv : 1003 . 4394v1 [ cs . cl ]) developed a compositional model of meaning for distributional semantics , in which each word in a sentence has a meaning vector and the distributional meaning of the sentence is a function of the tensor products of the word vectors . abstractly speaking , this function is the morphism corresponding to the grammatical structure of the sentence in the category of finite dimensi ←
→ on simulated annealing dedicated to maximin latin hypercube designs ; the goal of our research was to enhance local search heuristics used to construct latin hypercube designs . first , we introduce the \ textit { 1d - move } perturbation to improve the space exploration performed by these algorithms . second , we propose a new evaluation function $\ psi_ { p ,\ sigma }$ specifically targeting the maximin criterion . exhaustive series of experiments with simulated annealing , which we used as a typically well - behaving loca ←
→ fenchel duals for drifting adversaries ; we describe a primal - dual framework for the design and analysis of online convex optimization algorithms for {\ em drifting regret }. existing literature shows ( nearly ) optimal drifting regret bounds only for the $\ ell_2 $ and the $\ ell_1 $- norms . our work provides a connection between these algorithms and the online mirror descent ($\ omd $) updates ; one key insight that results from our work is that in order for these algorithms to succeed , it suffices to have the gradie ←
→ on the development of intelligent agents for moba games ; multiplayer online battle arena ( moba ) is one of the most played game genres nowadays . with the increasing growth of this genre , it becomes necessary to develop effective intelligent agents to play alongside or against human players . in this paper we address the problem of agent development for moba games . we implement a two - layered architecture agent that handles both navigation and game mechanics . this architecture relies on the use of influence ma ←
→ fiber - flux diffusion density for white matter tracts analysis : application to mild anomalies localization in contact sports players ; we present the concept of fiber - flux density for locally quantifying white matter ( wm ) fiber bundles . by combining scalar diffusivity measures ( e . g ., fractional anisotropy ) with fiber - flux measurements , we define new local descriptors called fiber - flux diffusion density ( ffdd ) vectors . applying each descriptor throughout fiber bundles allows along - tract coupling of a specif ←
→ visual passwords using automatic lip reading ; this paper presents a visual passwords system to increase security . the system depends mainly on recognizing the speaker using the visual speech signal alone . the proposed scheme works in two stages : setting the visual password stage and the verification stage . at the setting stage the visual passwords system request the user to utter a selected password , a video recording of the user face is captured , and processed by a special words - based vsr system which ext ←
→ pose embeddings : a deep architecture for learning to match human poses ; we present a method for learning an embedding that places images of humans in similar poses nearby . this embedding can be used as a direct method of comparing images based on human pose , avoiding potential challenges of estimating body joint positions . pose embedding learning is formulated under a triplet - based distance criterion . a deep architecture is used to allow learning of a representation capable of making distinctions between d ←
→ an empirical evaluation of four algorithms for multi - class classification : mart , abc - mart , robust logitboost , and abc - logitboost ; this empirical study is mainly devoted to comparing four tree - based boosting algorithms : mart , abc - mart , robust logitboost , and abc - logitboost , for multi - class classification on a variety of publicly available datasets . some of those datasets have been thoroughly tested in prior studies using a broad range of classification algorithms including svm , neural nets , and deep learn ←
→ online variance reduction for stochastic optimization ; modern stochastic optimization methods often rely on uniform sampling which is agnostic to the underlying characteristics of the data . this might degrade the convergence by yielding estimates that suffer from a high variance . a possible remedy is to employ non - uniform importance sampling techniques , which take the structure of the dataset into account . in this work , we investigate a recently proposed setting which poses variance reduction as an online ←
→ challenges in bayesian adaptive data analysis ; traditional statistical analysis requires that the analysis process and data are independent . by contrast , the new field of adaptive data analysis hopes to understand and provide algorithms and accuracy guarantees for research as it is commonly performed in practice , as an iterative process of interacting repeatedly with the same data set , such as repeated tests against a holdout set . previous work has defined a model with a rather strong lower bound on sample ←
→ interactive and scale invariant segmentation of the rectum / sigmoid via user - defined templates ; among all types of cancer , gynecological malignancies belong to the 4th most frequent type of cancer among women . besides chemotherapy and external beam radiation , brachytherapy is the standard procedure for the treatment of these malignancies . in the progress of treatment planning , localization of the tumor as the target volume and adjacent organs of risks by segmentation is crucial to accomplish an optimal ra ←
→ two methods for wild variational inference ; variational inference provides a powerful tool for approximate probabilistic in - ference on complex , structured models . typical variational inference methods , however , require to use inference networks with computationally tractable proba - bility density functions . this largely limits the design and implementation of vari - ational inference methods . we consider wild variational inference methods that do not require tractable density functions on the inference net ←
→ using deep q - learning to understand the tax evasion behavior of risk - averse firms ; designing tax policies that are effective in curbing tax evasion and maximize state revenues requires a rigorous understanding of taxpayer behavior . this work explores the problem of determining the strategy a self - interested , risk - averse tax entity is expected to follow , as it " navigates " - in the context of a markov decision process - a government - controlled tax environment that includes random audits , penalties and occa ←
→ handcrafted local features are convolutional neural networks ; image and video classification research has made great progress through the development of handcrafted local features and learning based features . these two architectures were proposed roughly at the same time and have flourished at overlapping stages of history . however , they are typically viewed as distinct approaches . in this paper , we emphasize their structural similarities and show how such a unified view helps us in designing features that ←
→ xml representation of constraint networks : format xcsp 2 . 1 ; we propose a new extended format to represent constraint networks using xml . this format allows us to represent constraints defined either in extension or in intension . it also allows us to reference global constraints . any instance of the problems csp ( constraint satisfaction problem ), qcsp ( quantified csp ) and wcsp ( weighted csp ) can be represented using this format .←
→ sensitivity analysis for probability assessments in bayesian networks ; when eliciting probability models from experts , knowledge engineers may compare the results of the model with expert judgment on test scenarios , then adjust model parameters to bring the behavior of the model more in line with the expert ' s intuition . this paper presents a methodology for analytic computation of sensitivity values to measure the impact of small changes in a network parameter on a target probability value or distribution .←
→ what is working memory and mental imagery ? a robot that learns to perform mental computations ; this paper goes back to turing ( 1936 ) and treats his machine as a cognitive model ( w , d , b ), where w is an " external world " represented by memory device ( the tape divided into squares ), and ( d , b ) is a simple robot that consists of the sensory - motor devices , d , and the brain , b . the robot ' s sensory - motor devices ( the " eye ", the " hand ", and the " organ of speech ") allow the robot to simulate the work of any turing m ←
→ a large dimensional analysis of least squares support vector machines ; in this article , a large dimensional performance analysis of kernel least squares support vector machines ( ls - svms ) is provided under the assumption of a two - class gaussian mixture model for the input data . building upon recent random matrix advances , when both the dimension of data $ p $ and their number $ n $ grow large at the same rate , we show that the ls - svm decision function converges to a normal - distributed variable , the mean and var ←
→ deepfeat : a bottom up and top down saliency model based on deep features of convolutional neural nets ; a deep feature based saliency model ( deepfeat ) is developed to leverage the understanding of the prediction of human fixations . traditional saliency models often predict the human visual attention relying on few level image cues . although such models predict fixations on a variety of image complexities , their approaches are limited to the incorporated features . in this study , we aim to provide an intuit ←
→ using a dynamic neural field model to explore a direct collicular inhibition account of inhibition of return ; when the interval between a transient ash of light ( a " cue ") and a second visual response signal ( a " target ") exceeds at least 200ms , responding is slowest in the direction indicated by the first signal . this phenomenon is commonly referred to as inhibition of return ( ior ). the dynamic neural field model ( dnf ) has proven to have broad explanatory power for ior , effectively capturing many empirica ←
→ segmentation of alzheimers disease in pet scan datasets using matlab ; positron emission tomography ( pet ) scan images are one of the bio medical imaging techniques similar to that of mri scan images but pet scan images are helpful in finding the development of tumors . the pet scan images requires expertise in the segmentation where clustering plays an important role in the automation process . the segmentation of such images is manual to automate the process clustering is used . clustering is commonly known as u ←
→ what it feels like to hear voices : fond memories of julian jaynes ; julian jaynes ' s profound humanitarian convictions not only prevented him from going to war , but would have prevented him from ever kicking a dog . yet according to his theory , not only are language - less dogs unconscious , but so too were the speaking / hearing greeks in the bicameral era , when they heard gods ' voices telling them what to do rather than thinking for themselves . i argue that to be conscious is to be able to feel , and that all mam ←
→ scale - invariant convolutional neural networks ; even though convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) has achieved near - human performance in various computer vision tasks , its ability to tolerate scale variations is limited . the popular practise is making the model bigger first , and then train it with data augmentation using extensive scale - jittering . in this paper , we propose a scaleinvariant convolutional neural network ( sicnn ), a modeldesigned to incorporate multi - scale feature exaction and classification into ←
→ discriminative localization in cnns for weakly - supervised segmentation of pulmonary nodules ; automated detection and segmentation of pulmonary nodules on lung computed tomography ( ct ) scans can facilitate early lung cancer diagnosis . existing supervised approaches for automated nodule segmentation on ct scans require voxel - based annotations for training , which are labor - and time - consuming to obtain . in this work , we propose a weakly - supervised method that generates accurate voxel - level nodule segmentati ←
→ efficient column generation for cell detection and segmentation ; we study the problem of instance segmentation in biological images with crowded and compact cells . we formulate this task as an integer program where variables correspond to cells and constraints enforce that cells do not overlap . to solve this integer program , we propose a column generation formulation where the pricing program is solved via exact optimization of very small scale integer programs . column generation is tightened using odd set ←
→ resbinnet : residual binary neural network ; recent efforts on training light - weight binary neural networks offer promising execution / memory efficiency . this paper introduces resbinnet , which is a composition of two interlinked methodologies aiming to address the slow convergence speed and limited accuracy of binary convolutional neural networks . the first method , called residual binarization , learns a multi - level binary representation for the features within a certain neural network layer . the second method ←
→ exploring the potential of combining time of flight and thermal infrared cameras for person detection ; combining new , low - cost thermal infrared and time - of - flight range sensors provides new opportunities . in this position paper we explore the possibilities of combining these sensors and using their fused data for person detection . the proposed calibration approach for this sensor combination differs from the traditional stereo camera calibration in two fundamental ways . a first distinction is that the sp ←
→ arabic call system based on pedagogically indexed text ; this article introduces the benefits of using computer as a tool for foreign language teaching and learning . it describes the effect of using natural language processing ( nlp ) tools for learning arabic . the technique explored in this particular case is the employment of pedagogically indexed corpora . this text - based method provides the teacher the advantage of building activities based on texts adapted to a particular pedagogical situation . this paper ←
→ loopy belief propagation as a basis for communication in sensor networks ; sensor networks are an exciting new kind of computer system . consisting of a large number of tiny , cheap computational devices physically distributed in an environment , they gather and process data about the environment in real time . one of the central questions in sensor networks is what to do with the data , i . e ., how to reason with it and how to communicate it . this paper argues that the lessons of the uai community , in particular ←
→ les entités nommées : usage et degrés de précision et de désambiguïsation ; the recognition and classification of named entities ( ner ) are regarded as an important component for many natural language processing ( nlp ) applications . the classification is usually made by taking into account the immediate context in which the ne appears . in some cases , this immediate context does not allow getting the right classification . we show in this paper that the use of an extended syntactic context and large - scale res ←
→ image provenance analysis at scale ; prior art has shown it is possible to estimate , through image processing and computer vision techniques , the types and parameters of transformations that have been applied to the content of individual images to obtain new images . given a large corpus of images and a query image , an interesting further step is to retrieve the set of original images whose content is present in the query image , as well as the detailed sequences of transformations that yield the query image ←
→ spatio - temporal backpropagation for training high - performance spiking neural networks ; compared with artificial neural networks ( anns ), spiking neural networks ( snns ) are promising to explore the brain - like behaviors since the spikes could encode more spatio - temporal information . although pre - training from ann or direct training based on backpropagation ( bp ) makes the supervised training of snns possible , these methods only exploit the networks ' spatial domain information which leads to the performance b ←
→ video object segmentation with joint re - identification and attention - aware mask propagation ; the problem of video object segmentation can become extremely challenging when multiple instances co - exist . while each instance may exhibit large scale and pose variations , the problem is compounded when instances occlude each other causing failures in tracking . in this study , we formulate a deep recurrent network that is capable of segmenting and tracking objects in video simultaneously by their temporal continu ←
→ speaker identification in each of the neutral and shouted talking environments based on gender - dependent approach using sphmms ; it is well known that speaker identification performs extremely well in the neutral talking environments ; however , the identification performance is declined sharply in the shouted talking environments . this work aims at proposing , implementing and testing a new approach to enhance the declined performance in the shouted talking environments . the new proposed approach is based o ←
→ breaking symmetries in graph search with canonizing sets ; there are many complex combinatorial problems which involve searching for an undirected graph satisfying given constraints . such problems are often highly challenging because of the large number of isomorphic representations of their solutions . this paper introduces effective and compact , complete symmetry breaking constraints for small graph search . enumerating with these symmetry breaks generates all and only non - isomorphic solutions . for small se ←
→" pale as death " or " pâle comme la mort " : frozen similes used as literary clichés ; the present study is focused on the automatic identification and description of frozen similes in british and french novels written between the 19 th century and the beginning of the 20 th century . two main patterns of frozen similes were considered : adjectival ground + simile marker + nominal vehicle ( e . g . happy as a lark ) and eventuality + simile marker + nominal vehicle ( e . g . sleep like a top ). all potential similes and ←
→ can network embedding of distributional thesaurus be combined with word vectors for better representation ? ; distributed representations of words learned from text have proved to be successful in various natural language processing tasks in recent times . while some methods represent words as vectors computed from text using predictive model ( word2vec ) or dense count based model ( glove ), others attempt to represent these in a distributional thesaurus network structure where the neighborhood of a word is a ←
→ structured output learning with abstention : application to accurate opinion prediction ; motivated by supervised opinion analysis , we propose a novel framework devoted to structured output learning with abstention ( sola ). the structure prediction model is able to abstain from predicting some labels in the structured output at a cost chosen by the user in a flexible way . for that purpose , we decompose the problem into the learning of a pair of predictors , one devoted to structured abstention and the other ,←
→ new solutions to the firing squad synchronization problems for neural and hyperdag p systems ; we propose two uniform solutions to an open question : the firing squad synchronization problem ( fssp ), for hyperdag and symmetric neural p systems , with anonymous cells . our solutions take e_c + 5 and 6e_c + 7 steps , respectively , where e_c is the eccentricity of the commander cell of the dag or digraph underlying these p systems . the first and fast solution is based on a novel proposal , which dynamically extends p ←
→ an efficient ant based qos aware intelligent temporally ordered routing algorithm for manets ; a mobile ad hoc network ( manet ) is a self configurable network connected by wireless links . this type of network is only suitable for temporary communication links as it is infrastructure - less and there is no centralised control . providing qos aware routing is a challenging task in this type of network due to dynamic topology and limited resources . the main purpose of qos aware routing is to find a feasible path ←
→ a scalable conditional independence test for nonlinear , non - gaussian data ; many relations of scientific interest are nonlinear , and even in linear systems distributions are often non - gaussian , for example in fmri bold data . a class of search procedures for causal relations in high dimensional data relies on sample derived conditional independence decisions . the most common applications rely on gaussian tests that can be systematically erroneous in nonlinear non - gaussian cases . recent work ( gretton et al .←
→ calibrated multivariate regression with application to neural semantic basis discovery ; we propose a calibrated multivariate regression method named cmr for fitting high dimensional multivariate regression models . compared with existing methods , cmr calibrates regularization for each regression task with respect to its noise level so that it simultaneously attains improved finite - sample performance and tuning insensitiveness . theoretically , we provide sufficient conditions under which cmr achieves the op ←
→ learning to attend via word - aspect associative fusion for aspect - based sentiment analysis ; aspect - based sentiment analysis ( absa ) tries to predict the polarity of a given document with respect to a given aspect entity . while neural network architectures have been successful in predicting the overall polarity of sentences , aspect - specific sentiment analysis still remains as an open problem . in this paper , we propose a novel method for integrating aspect information into the neural model . more specifically ←
→ fast $( 1 + ε )$- approximation of the löwner extremal matrices of high - dimensional symmetric matrices ; matrix data sets are common nowadays like in biomedical imaging where the diffusion tensor magnetic resonance imaging ( dt - mri ) modality produces data sets of 3d symmetric positive definite matrices anchored at voxel positions capturing the anisotropic diffusion properties of water molecules in biological tissues . the space of symmetric matrices can be partially ordered using the l \" owner ordering , and com ←
→ learning class - to - class selectional preferences ; selectional preference learning methods have usually focused on word - to - class relations , e . g ., a verb selects as its subject a given nominal class . this papers extends previous statistical models to class - to - class preferences , and presents a model that learns selectional preferences for classes of verbs . the motivation is twofold : different senses of a verb may have different preferences , and some classes of verbs can share preferences . the model is tested o ←
→ updating probabilities ; as examples such as the monty hall puzzle show , applying conditioning to update a probability distribution on a `` naive space ', which does not take into account the protocol used , can often lead to counterintuitive results . here we examine why . a criterion known as car ( coarsening at random ) in the statistical literature characterizes when `` naive ' conditioning in a naive space works . we show that the car condition holds rather infrequently . we then consider more generalized notions ←
→ convolutional low - resolution fine - grained classification ; successful fine - grained image classification methods learn subtle details between visually similar ( sub -) classes , but the problem becomes significantly more challenging if the details are missing due to low resolution . encouraged by the recent success of convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architectures in image classification , we propose a novel resolution - aware deep model which combines convolutional image super - resolution and convolutional fine - gr ←
→ merging real and virtual worlds : an analysis of the state of the art and practical evaluation of microsoft hololens ; achieving a symbiotic blending between reality and virtuality is a dream that has been lying in the minds of many people for a long time . advances in various domains constantly bring us closer to making that dream come true . augmented reality as well as virtual reality are in fact trending terms and are expected to further progress in the years to come . this master ' s thesis aims to explo ←
→ generation and comprehension of unambiguous object descriptions ; we propose a method that can generate an unambiguous description ( known as a referring expression ) of a specific object or region in an image , and which can also comprehend or interpret such an expression to infer which object is being described . we show that our method outperforms previous methods that generate descriptions of objects without taking into account other potentially ambiguous objects in the scene . our model is inspired by recen ←
→ graph theory and optimization problems for very large networks ; graph theory provides a primary tool for analyzing and designing computer communication networks . in the past few decades , graph theory has been used to study various types of networks , including the internet , wide area networks , local area networks , and networking protocols such as border gateway protocol , open shortest path protocol , and networking networks . in this paper , we present some key graph theory concepts used to represent different ←
→ predicting deep zero - shot convolutional neural networks using textual descriptions ; one of the main challenges in zero - shot learning of visual categories is gathering semantic attributes to accompany images . recent work has shown that learning from textual descriptions , such as wikipedia articles , avoids the problem of having to explicitly define these attributes . we present a new model that can classify unseen categories from their textual description . specifically , we use text features to predict the o ←
→ fitness inheritance in the bayesian optimization algorithm ; this paper describes how fitness inheritance can be used to estimate fitness for a proportion of newly sampled candidate solutions in the bayesian optimization algorithm ( boa ). the goal of estimating fitness for some candidate solutions is to reduce the number of fitness evaluations for problems where fitness evaluation is expensive . bayesian networks used in boa to model promising solutions and generate the new ones are extended to allow not only ←
→ the benefit of sex in noisy evolutionary search ; the benefit of sexual recombination is one of the most fundamental questions both in population genetics and evolutionary computation . it is widely believed that recombination helps solving difficult optimization problems . we present the first result , which rigorously proves that it is beneficial to use sexual recombination in an uncertain environment with a noisy fitness function . for this , we model sexual recombination with a simple estimation of distribut ←
→ towards cnn map compression for camera relocalisation ; this paper presents a study on the use of convolutional neural networks for camera relocalisation and its application to map compression . we follow state of the art visual relocalisation results and evaluate response to different data inputs -- namely , depth , grayscale , rgb , spatial position and combinations of these . we use a cnn map representation and introduce the notion of cnn map compression by using a smaller cnn architecture . we evaluate our pro ←
→ irregular convolutional neural networks ; convolutional kernels are basic and vital components of deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ). in this paper , we equip convolutional kernels with shape attributes to generate the deep irregular convolutional neural networks ( icnn ). compared to traditional cnn applying regular convolutional kernels like ${ 3 \ times3 }$, our approach trains irregular kernel shapes to better fit the geometric variations of input features . in other words , shapes are learnable parameters ←
→ topic discovery through data dependent and random projections ; we present algorithms for topic modeling based on the geometry of cross - document word - frequency patterns . this perspective gains significance under the so called separability condition . this is a condition on existence of novel - words that are unique to each topic . we present a suite of highly efficient algorithms based on data - dependent and random projections of word - frequency patterns to identify novel words and associated topics . we will also ←
→ im2fit : fast 3d model fitting and anthropometrics using single consumer depth camera and synthetic data ; recent advances in consumer depth sensors have created many opportunities for human body measurement and modeling . estimation of 3d body shape is particularly useful for fashion e - commerce applications such as virtual try - on or fit personalization . in this paper , we propose a method for capturing accurate human body shape and anthropometrics from a single consumer grade depth sensor . we first generate ←
→ traversing news with ant colony optimisation and negative pheromones ; the past decade has seen the rapid development of the online newsroom . news published online are the main outlet of news surpassing traditional printed newspapers . this poses challenges to the production and to the consumption of those news . with those many sources of information available it is important to find ways to cluster and organise the documents if one wants to understand this new system . a novel bio inspired approach to the pr ←
→ emulator vs real phone : android malware detection using machine learning ; the android operating system has become the most popular operating system for smartphones and tablets leading to a rapid rise in malware . sophisticated android malware employ detection avoidance techniques in order to hide their malicious activities from analysis tools . these include a wide range of anti - emulator techniques , where the malware programs attempt to hide their malicious activities by detecting the emulator . for this reas ←
→ revisiting classifier two - sample tests ; the goal of two - sample tests is to assess whether two samples , $ s_p \ sim p ^ n $ and $ s_q \ sim q ^ m $, are drawn from the same distribution . perhaps intriguingly , one relatively unexplored method to build two - sample tests is the use of binary classifiers . in particular , construct a dataset by pairing the $ n $ examples in $ s_p $ with a positive label , and by pairing the $ m $ examples in $ s_q $ with a negative label . if the null hypothesis "$ p = q $" is true , then the classifica ←
→ structure and parameter learning for causal independence and causal interaction models ; this paper discusses causal independence models and a generalization of these models called causal interaction models . causal interaction models are models that have independent mechanisms where a mechanism can have several causes . in addition to introducing several particular types of causal interaction models , we show how we can apply the bayesian approach to learning causal interaction models obtaining approximate ←
→ classification with scattering operators ; a scattering vector is a local descriptor including multiscale and multi - direction co - occurrence information . it is computed with a cascade of wavelet decompositions and complex modulus . this scattering representation is locally translation invariant and linearizes deformations . a supervised classification algorithm is computed with a pca model selection on scattering vectors . state of the art results are obtained for handwritten digit recognition and texture class ←
→ dynamic programming for structured continuous markov decision problems ; we describe an approach for exploiting structure in markov decision processes with continuous state variables . at each step of the dynamic programming , the state space is dynamically partitioned into regions where the value function is the same throughout the region . we first describe the algorithm for piecewise constant representations . we then extend it to piecewise linear representations , using techniques from pomdps to represent an ←
→ mt - spike : a multilayer time - based spiking neuromorphic architecture with temporal error backpropagation ; modern deep learning enabled artificial neural networks , such as deep neural network ( dnn ) and convolutional neural network ( cnn ), have achieved a series of breaking records on a broad spectrum of recognition applications . however , the enormous computation and storage requirements associated with such deep and complex neural network models greatly challenge their implementations on resource - limited pl ←
→ eigenspace method for spatiotemporal hotspot detection ; hotspot detection aims at identifying subgroups in the observations that are unexpected , with respect to the some baseline information . for instance , in disease surveillance , the purpose is to detect sub - regions in spatiotemporal space , where the count of reported diseases ( e . g . cancer ) is higher than expected , with respect to the population . the state - of - the - art method for this kind of problem is the space - time scan statistics ( stscan ), which exhaust ←
→ omniart : multi - task deep learning for artistic data analysis ; vast amounts of artistic data is scattered on - line from both museums and art applications . collecting , processing and studying it with respect to all accompanying attributes is an expensive process . with a motivation to speed up and improve the quality of categorical analysis in the artistic domain , in this paper we propose an efficient and accurate method for multi - task learning with a shared representation applied in the artistic domain . we co ←
→ austerity in mcmc land : cutting the metropolis - hastings budget ; can we make bayesian posterior mcmc sampling more efficient when faced with very large datasets ? we argue that computing the likelihood for n datapoints in the metropolis - hastings ( mh ) test to reach a single binary decision is computationally inefficient . we introduce an approximate mh rule based on a sequential hypothesis test that allows us to accept or reject samples with high confidence using only a fraction of the data required for the ex ←
→ development of hybrid intelligent systems and their applications from engineering systems to complex systems ; in this study , we introduce general frame of many connected intelligent particles systems ( macips ). connections and interconnections between particles get a complex behavior of such merely simple system ( system in system ). contribution of natural computing , under information granulation theory , are the main topic of this spacious skeleton . upon this clue , we organize different algorithms involved ←
→ overlapping and non - overlapping camera layouts for robot pose estimation ; we study the use of overlapping and non - overlapping camera layouts in estimating the ego - motion of a moving robot . to estimate the location and orientation of the robot , we investigate using four cameras as non - overlapping individuals , and as two stereo pairs . the pros and cons of the two approaches are elucidated . the cameras work independently and can have larger field of view in the non - overlapping layout . however , a scale factor ←
→ one permutation hashing for efficient search and learning ; recently , the method of b - bit minwise hashing has been applied to large - scale linear learning and sublinear time near - neighbor search . the major drawback of minwise hashing is the expensive preprocessing cost , as the method requires applying ( e . g .,) k = 200 to 500 permutations on the data . the testing time can also be expensive if a new data point ( e . g ., a new document or image ) has not been processed , which might be a significant issue in user - facin ←
→ sparsity in multivariate extremes with applications to anomaly detection ; capturing the dependence structure of multivariate extreme events is a major concern in many fields involving the management of risks stemming from multiple sources , e . g . portfolio monitoring , insurance , environmental risk management and anomaly detection . one convenient ( non - parametric ) characterization of extremal dependence in the framework of multivariate extreme value theory ( evt ) is the angular measure , which provides direct in ←
→ sentiment of emojis ; there is a new generation of emoticons , called emojis , that is increasingly being used in mobile communications and social media . in the past two years , over ten billion emojis were used on twitter . emojis are unicode graphic symbols , used as a shorthand to express concepts and ideas . in contrast to the small number of well - known emoticons that carry clear emotional contents , there are hundreds of emojis . but what are their emotional contents ? we provide the first emoji sentiment lexic ←
→ using a single rgb frame for real time 3d hand pose estimation in the wild ; we present a method for the real - time estimation of the full 3d pose of one or more human hands using a single commodity rgb camera . recent work in the area has displayed impressive progress using rgbd input . however , since the introduction of rgbd sensors , there has been little progress for the case of monocular color input . we capitalize on the latest advancements of deep learning , combining them with the power of generative ha ←
→ pattern recognition theory of mind ; i propose that pattern recognition , memorization and processing are key concepts that can be a principle set for the theoretical modeling of the mind function . most of the questions about the mind functioning can be answered by a descriptive modeling and definitions from these principles . an understandable consciousness definition can be drawn based on the assumption that a pattern recognition system can recognize its own patterns of activity . the principles , descriptive ←
→ compiling language models from a linguistically motivated unification grammar ; systems now exist which are able to compile unification grammars into language models that can be included in a speech recognizer , but it is so far unclear whether non - trivial linguistically principled grammars can be used for this purpose . we describe a series of experiments which investigate the question empirically , by incrementally constructing a grammar and discovering what problems emerge when successively larger version ←
→ monitoring a complez physical system using a hybrid dynamic bayes net ; the reverse water gas shift system ( rwgs ) is a complex physical system designed to produce oxygen from the carbon dioxide atmosphere on mars . if sent to mars , it would operate without human supervision , thus requiring a reliable automated system for monitoring and control . the rwgs presents many challenges typical of real - world systems , including : noisy and biased sensors , nonlinear behavior , effects that are manifested over different t ←
→ matconvnet - convolutional neural networks for matlab ; matconvnet is an implementation of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for matlab . the toolbox is designed with an emphasis on simplicity and flexibility . it exposes the building blocks of cnns as easy - to - use matlab functions , providing routines for computing linear convolutions with filter banks , feature pooling , and many more . in this manner , matconvnet allows fast prototyping of new cnn architectures ; at the same time , it supports efficient computa ←
→ a supervised neural autoregressive topic model for simultaneous image classification and annotation ; topic modeling based on latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) has been a framework of choice to perform scene recognition and annotation . recently , a new type of topic model called the document neural autoregressive distribution estimator ( docnade ) was proposed and demonstrated state - of - the - art performance for document modeling . in this work , we show how to successfully apply and extend this model to the cont ←
→ towards closed world reasoning in dynamic open worlds ( extended version ) ; the need for integration of ontologies with nonmonotonic rules has been gaining importance in a number of areas , such as the semantic web . a number of researchers addressed this problem by proposing a unified semantics for hybrid knowledge bases composed of both an ontology ( expressed in a fragment of first - order logic ) and nonmonotonic rules . these semantics have matured over the years , but only provide solutions for the static case ←
→ solving multiclass learning problems via error - correcting output codes ; multiclass learning problems involve finding a definition for an unknown function f ( x ) whose range is a discrete set containing k & gt 2 values ( i . e ., k `` classes ''). the definition is acquired by studying collections of training examples of the form [ x_i , f ( x_i )]. existing approaches to multiclass learning problems include direct application of multiclass algorithms such as the decision - tree algorithms c4 . 5 and cart , application of bi ←
→ neural wikipedian : generating textual summaries from knowledge base triples ; most people do not interact with semantic web data directly . unless they have the expertise to understand the underlying technology , they need textual or visual interfaces to help them make sense of it . we explore the problem of generating natural language summaries for semantic web data . this is non - trivial , especially in an open - domain context . to address this problem , we explore the use of neural networks . our system encodes ←
→ spectral modes of network dynamics reveal increased informational complexity near criticality ; what does the informational complexity of dynamical networked systems tell us about intrinsic mechanisms and functions of these complex systems ? recent complexity measures such as integrated information have sought to operationalize this problem taking a whole - versus - parts perspective , wherein one explicitly computes the amount of information generated by a network as a whole over and above that generated by th ←
→ deep lambertian networks ; visual perception is a challenging problem in part due to illumination variations . a possible solution is to first estimate an illumination invariant representation before using it for recognition . the object albedo and surface normals are examples of such representations . in this paper , we introduce a multilayer generative model where the latent variables include the albedo , surface normals , and the light source . combining deep belief nets with the lambertian reflectance assumpti ←
→ estimating maximally probable constrained relations by mathematical programming ; estimating a constrained relation is a fundamental problem in machine learning . special cases are classification ( the problem of estimating a map from a set of to - be - classified elements to a set of labels ), clustering ( the problem of estimating an equivalence relation on a set ) and ranking ( the problem of estimating a linear order on a set ). we contribute a family of probability measures on the set of all relations between t ←
→ deepstory : video story qa by deep embedded memory networks ; question - answering ( qa ) on video contents is a significant challenge for achieving human - level intelligence as it involves both vision and language in real - world settings . here we demonstrate the possibility of an ai agent performing video story qa by learning from a large amount of cartoon videos . we develop a video - story learning model , i . e . deep embedded memory networks ( demn ), to reconstruct stories from a joint scene - dialogue video stream usi ←
→ safe exploration in finite markov decision processes with gaussian processes ; in classical reinforcement learning , when exploring an environment , agents accept arbitrary short term loss for long term gain . this is infeasible for safety critical applications , such as robotics , where even a single unsafe action may cause system failure . in this paper , we address the problem of safely exploring finite markov decision processes ( mdp ). we define safety in terms of an , a priori unknown , safety constraint that ←
→ summarisation of short - term and long - term videos using texture and colour ; we present a novel approach to video summarisation that makes use of a bag - of - visual - textures ( bot ) approach . two systems are proposed , one based solely on the bot approach and another which exploits both colour information and bot features . on 50 short - term videos from the open video project we show that our bot and fusion systems both achieve state - of - the - art performance , obtaining an average f - measure of 0 . 83 and 0 . 86 respectiv ←
→ general latent feature models for heterogeneous datasets ; latent feature modeling allows capturing the latent structure responsible for generating the observed properties of a set of objects . it is often used to make predictions either for new values of interest or missing information in the original data , as well as to perform data exploratory analysis . however , although there is an extensive literature on latent feature models for homogeneous datasets , where all the attributes that describe each object a ←
→ nonlinear embedding transform for unsupervised domain adaptation ; the problem of domain adaptation ( da ) deals with adapting classifier models trained on one data distribution to different data distributions . in this paper , we introduce the nonlinear embedding transform ( net ) for unsupervised da by combining domain alignment along with similarity - based embedding . we also introduce a validation procedure to estimate the model parameters for the net algorithm using the source data . comprehensive evaluations o ←
→ extensions of simple conceptual graphs : the complexity of rules and constraints ; simple conceptual graphs are considered as the kernel of most knowledge representation formalisms built upon sowa ' s model . reasoning in this model can be expressed by a graph homomorphism called projection , whose semantics is usually given in terms of positive , conjunctive , existential fol . we present here a family of extensions of this model , based on rules and constraints , keeping graph homomorphism as the basic operation .←
→ creating causal embeddings for question answering with minimal supervision ; a common model for question answering ( qa ) is that a good answer is one that is closely related to the question , where relatedness is often determined using general - purpose lexical models such as word embeddings . we argue that a better approach is to look for answers that are related to the question in a relevant way , according to the information need of the question , which may be determined through task - specific embeddings . with ←
→ lide : language identification from text documents ; the increase in the use of microblogging came along with the rapid growth on short linguistic data . on the other hand deep learning is considered to be the new frontier to extract meaningful information out of large amount of raw data in an automated manner . in this study , we engaged these two emerging fields to come up with a robust language identifier on demand , namely language identification engine ( lide ). as a result , we achieved 95 . 12 % accuracy in dis ←
→ real - time machine learning : the missing pieces ; machine learning applications are increasingly deployed not only to serve predictions using static models , but also as tightly - integrated components of feedback loops involving dynamic , real - time decision making . these applications pose a new set of requirements , none of which are difficult to achieve in isolation , but the combination of which creates a challenge for existing distributed execution frameworks : computation with millisecond latency at high throu ←
→ intrinsic motivation and mental replay enable efficient online adaptation in stochastic recurrent networks ; autonomous robots need to interact with unknown , unstructured and changing environments , constantly facing novel challenges . therefore , continuous online adaptation for lifelong - learning and the need of sample - efficient mechanisms to adapt to changes in the environment , the constraints , the tasks , or the robot itself are crucial . in this work , we propose a novel framework for probabilistic online m ←
→ convolutional neural networks applied to house numbers digit classification ; we classify digits of real - world house numbers using convolutional neural networks ( convnets ). convnets are hierarchical feature learning neural networks whose structure is biologically inspired . unlike many popular vision approaches that are hand - designed , convnets can automatically learn a unique set of features optimized for a given task . we augmented the traditional convnet architecture by learning multi - stage features and b ←
→ attentional network for visual object detection ; we propose augmenting deep neural networks with an attention mechanism for the visual object detection task . as perceiving a scene , humans have the capability of multiple fixation points , each attended to scene content at different locations and scales . however , such a mechanism is missing in the current state - of - the - art visual object detection methods . inspired by the human vision system , we propose a novel deep network architecture that imitates this atten ←
→ bringing impressionism to life with neural style transfer in come swim ; neural style transfer is a striking , recently - developed technique that uses neural networks to artistically redraw an image in the style of a source style image . this paper explores the use of this technique in a production setting , applying neural style transfer to redraw key scenes in ' come swim ' in the style of the impressionistic painting that inspired the film . we document how the technique can be driven within the framework of an ←
→ pha *: finding the shortest path with a * in an unknown physical environment ; we address the problem of finding the shortest path between two points in an unknown real physical environment , where a traveling agent must move around in the environment to explore unknown territory . we introduce the physical - a * algorithm ( pha *) for solving this problem . pha * expands all the mandatory nodes that a * would expand and returns the shortest path between the two points . however , due to the physical nature of the prob ←
→ hindi to english transfer based machine translation system ; in large societies like india there is a huge demand to convert one human language into another . lots of work has been done in this area . many transfer based mts have developed for english to other languages , as mantra cdac pune , matra cdac pune , shakti iisc bangalore and iiit hyderabad . still there is a little work done for hindi to other languages . currently we are working on it . in this paper we focus on designing a system , that translate the d ←
→ contour completion around a fixation point ; the paper presents two edge grouping algorithms for finding a closed contour starting from a particular edge point and enclosing a fixation point . both algorithms search a shortest simple cycle in \ textit { an angularly ordered graph } derived from an edge image where a vertex is an end point of a contour fragment and an undirected arc is drawn between a pair of end - points whose visual angle from the fixation point is less than a threshold value , which is set to $\ p ←
→ deep neural network capacity ; in recent years , deep neural network exhibits its powerful superiority on information discrimination in many computer vision applications . however , the capacity of deep neural network architecture is still a mystery to the researchers . intuitively , larger capacity of neural network can always deposit more information to improve the discrimination ability of the model . but , the learnable parameter scale is not feasible to estimate the capacity of deep neural network . due to the ←
→ fixed point quantization of deep convolutional networks ; in recent years increasingly complex architectures for deep convolution networks ( dcns ) have been proposed to boost the performance on image recognition tasks . however , the gains in performance have come at a cost of substantial increase in computation and model storage resources . fixed point implementation of dcns has the potential to alleviate some of these complexities and facilitate potential deployment on embedded hardware . in this paper , we pro ←
→ word ordering without syntax ; recent work on word ordering has argued that syntactic structure is important , or even required , for effectively recovering the order of a sentence . we find that , in fact , an n - gram language model with a simple heuristic gives strong results on this task . furthermore , we show that a long short - term memory ( lstm ) language model is even more effective at recovering order , with our basic model outperforming a state - of - the - art syntactic model by 11 . 5 bleu points . additional data a ←
→ steering social activity : a stochastic optimal control point of view ; user engagement in online social networking depends critically on the level of social activity in the corresponding platform -- the number of online actions , such as posts , shares or replies , taken by their users . can we design data - driven algorithms to increase social activity ? at a user level , such algorithms may increase activity by helping users decide when to take an action to be more likely to be noticed by their peers . at a network ←
→ end - to - end people detection in crowded scenes ; current people detectors operate either by scanning an image in a sliding window fashion or by classifying a discrete set of proposals . we propose a model that is based on decoding an image into a set of people detections . our system takes an image as input and directly outputs a set of distinct detection hypotheses . because we generate predictions jointly , common post - processing steps such as non - maximum suppression are unnecessary . we use a recurrent lstm la ←
→ a telescopic binary learning machine for training neural networks ; this paper proposes a new algorithm based on multi - scale stochastic local search with binary representation for training neural networks . in particular , we study the effects of neighborhood evaluation strategies , the effect of the number of bits per weight and that of the maximum weight range used for mapping binary strings to real values . following this preliminary investigation , we propose a telescopic multi - scale version of local searc ←
→ multi - target tracking in multiple non - overlapping cameras using constrained dominant sets ; in this paper , a unified three - layer hierarchical approach for solving tracking problems in multiple non - overlapping cameras is proposed . given a video and a set of detections ( obtained by any person detector ), we first solve within - camera tracking employing the first two layers of our framework and , then , in the third layer , we solve across - camera tracking by merging tracks of the same person in all cameras in a s ←
→ cam : causal additive models , high - dimensional order search and penalized regression ; we develop estimation for potentially high - dimensional additive structural equation models . a key component of our approach is to decouple order search among the variables from feature or edge selection in a directed acyclic graph encoding the causal structure . we show that the former can be done with nonregularized ( restricted ) maximum likelihood estimation while the latter can be efficiently addressed using sparse regr ←
→ random forest models of the retention constants in the thin layer chromatography ; in the current study we examine an application of the machine learning methods to model the retention constants in the thin layer chromatography ( tlc ). this problem can be described with hundreds or even thousands of descriptors relevant to various molecular properties , most of them redundant and not relevant for the retention constant prediction . hence we employed feature selection to significantly reduce the number of att ←
→ a gap - based framework for chinese word segmentation via very deep convolutional networks ; most previous approaches to chinese word segmentation can be roughly classified into character - based and word - based methods . the former regards this task as a sequence - labeling problem , while the latter directly segments character sequence into words . however , if we consider segmenting a given sentence , the most intuitive idea is to predict whether to segment for each gap between two consecutive characters , which in ←
→ progression of decomposed local - effect action theories ; in many tasks related to reasoning about consequences of a logical theory , it is desirable to decompose the theory into a number of weakly - related or independent components . however , a theory may represent knowledge that is subject to change , as a result of executing actions that have effects on some of the initial properties mentioned in the theory . having once computed a decomposition of a theory , it is advantageous to know whether a decomposition h ←
→ arcface : additive angular margin loss for deep face recognition ; convolutional neural networks have significantly boosted the performance of face recognition in recent years due to its high capacity in learning discriminative features . to enhance the discriminative power of the softmax loss , multiplicative angular margin and additive cosine margin incorporate angular margin and cosine margin into the loss functions , respectively . in this paper , we propose a novel supervisor signal , additive angular margin ←
→ a limit theorem in singular regression problem ; in statistical problems , a set of parameterized probability distributions is used to estimate the true probability distribution . if fisher information matrix at the true distribution is singular , then it has been left unknown what we can estimate about the true distribution from random samples . in this paper , we study a singular regression problem and prove a limit theorem which shows the relation between the singular regression problem and two birational inv ←
→ an efficient k - means clustering algorithm for massive data ; the analysis of continously larger datasets is a task of major importance in a wide variety of scientific fields . in this sense , cluster analysis algorithms are a key element of exploratory data analysis , due to their easiness in the implementation and relatively low computational cost . among these algorithms , the k - means algorithm stands out as the most popular approach , besides its high dependency on the initial conditions , as well as to the f ←
→ an implementation of faster rcnn with study for region sampling ; we adapted the join - training scheme of faster rcnn framework from caffe to tensorflow as a baseline implementation for object detection . our code is made publicly available . this report documents the simplifications made to the original pipeline , with justifications from ablation analysis on both pascal voc 2007 and coco 2014 . we further investigated the role of non - maximal suppression ( nms ) in selecting regions - of - interest ( rois ) for region ←
→ analysis of stopping active learning based on stabilizing predictions ; within the natural language processing ( nlp ) community , active learning has been widely investigated and applied in order to alleviate the annotation bottleneck faced by developers of new nlp systems and technologies . this paper presents the first theoretical analysis of stopping active learning based on stabilizing predictions ( sp ). the analysis has revealed three elements that are central to the success of the sp method : ( 1 ) bounds on ←
→ a simple application of fic to model selection ; we have recently proposed a new information - based approach to model selection , the frequentist information criterion ( fic ), that reconciles information - based and frequentist inference . the purpose of this current paper is to provide a simple example of the application of this criterion and a demonstration of the natural emergence of model complexities with both aic - like ($ n ^ 0 $) and bic - like ($\ log n $) scaling with observation number $ n $. the application devel ←
→ identifying reasoning patterns in games ; we present an algorithm that identifies the reasoning patterns of agents in a game , by iteratively examining the graph structure of its multi - agent influence diagram ( maid ) representation . if the decision of an agent participates in no reasoning patterns , then we can effectively ignore that decision for the purpose of calculating a nash equilibrium for the game . in some cases , this can lead to exponential time savings in the process of equilibrium calculation . moreo ←
→ score and information for recursive exponential models with incomplete data ; recursive graphical models usually underlie the statistical modelling concerning probabilistic expert systems based on bayesian networks . this paper defines a version of these models , denoted as recursive exponential models , which have evolved by the desire to impose sophisticated domain knowledge onto local fragments of a model . besides the structural knowledge , as specified by a given model , the statistical modelling may also ←
→ polynomial constraints in causal bayesian networks ; we use the implicitization procedure to generate polynomial equality constraints on the set of distributions induced by local interventions on variables governed by a causal bayesian network with hidden variables . we show how we may reduce the complexity of the implicitization problem and make the problem tractable in certain causal bayesian networks . we also show some preliminary results on the algebraic structure of polynomial constraints . the results h ←
→ learning without mixing : towards a sharp analysis of linear system identification ; we prove that the ordinary least - squares ( ols ) estimator attains nearly minimax optimal performance for the identification of linear dynamical systems from a single observed trajectory . our upper bound relies on a generalization of mendelson ' s small - ball method to dependent data , eschewing the use of standard mixing - time arguments . our lower bounds reveal that these upper bounds match up to logarithmic factors . in particul ←
→ online least squares estimation with self - normalized processes : an application to bandit problems ; the analysis of online least squares estimation is at the heart of many stochastic sequential decision making problems . we employ tools from the self - normalized processes to provide a simple and self - contained proof of a tail bound of a vector - valued martingale . we use the bound to construct a new tighter confidence sets for the least squares estimate . we apply the confidence sets to several online decisi ←
→ freshman or fresher ? quantifying the geographic variation of internet language ; we present a new computational technique to detect and analyze statistically significant geographic variation in language . our meta - analysis approach captures statistical properties of word usage across geographical regions and uses statistical methods to identify significant changes specific to regions . while previous approaches have primarily focused on lexical variation between regions , our method identifies words that dem ←
→ a neural attention model for categorizing patient safety events ; medical errors are leading causes of death in the us and as such , prevention of these errors is paramount to promoting health care . patient safety event reports are narratives describing potential adverse events to the patients and are important in identifying and preventing medical errors . we present a neural network architecture for identifying the type of safety events which is the first step in understanding these narratives . our proposed ←
→ speech recognition challenge in the wild : arabic mgb - 3 ; this paper describes the arabic mgb - 3 challenge - arabic speech recognition in the wild . unlike last year ' s arabic mgb - 2 challenge , for which the recognition task was based on more than 1 , 200 hours broadcast tv news recordings from aljazeera arabic tv programs , mgb - 3 emphasises dialectal arabic using a multi - genre collection of egyptian youtube videos . seven genres were used for the data collection : comedy , cooking , family / kids , fashion , drama , sports ←
→ on the performance of forecasting models in the presence of input uncertainty ; nowadays , with the unprecedented penetration of renewable distributed energy resources ( ders ), the necessity of an efficient energy forecasting model is more demanding than before . generally , forecasting models are trained using observed weather data while the trained models are applied for energy forecasting using forecasted weather data . in this study , the performance of several commonly used forecasting methods in the prese ←
→ a permutation approach for selecting the penalty parameter in penalized model selection ; we describe a simple , efficient , permutation based procedure for selecting the penalty parameter in the lasso . the procedure , which is intended for applications where variable selection is the primary focus , can be applied in a variety of structural settings , including generalized linear models . we briefly discuss connections between permutation selection and existing theory for the lasso . in addition , we present a s ←
→ loss surfaces , mode connectivity , and fast ensembling of dnns ; the loss functions of deep neural networks are complex and their geometric properties are not well understood . we show that the optima of these complex loss functions are in fact connected by simple curves , such as a polygonal chain with only one bend , over which training and test accuracy are nearly constant . we introduce a training procedure to discover these high - accuracy pathways between modes . inspired by this new geometric insight , we als ←
→ web - based expert system for civil service regulations : rcses ; internet and expert systems have offered new ways of sharing and distributing knowledge , but there is a lack of researches in the area of web based expert systems . this paper introduces a development of a web - based expert system for the regulations of civil service in the kingdom of saudi arabia named as rcses . it is the first time to develop such system ( application of civil service regulations ) as well the development of it using web based app ←
→ bidirectional deep - readout echo state networks ; we propose a deep architecture for the classification of multivariate time series . by means of a recurrent and untrained reservoir we generate a vectorial representation that embeds temporal relationships in the data . to improve the memorization capability , we implement a bidirectional reservoir , whose last state captures also past dependencies in the input . we apply dimensionality reduction to the final reservoir states to obtain compressed fixed size repres ←
→ improving the quality of mt output using novel name entity translation scheme ; this paper presents a novel approach to machine translation by combining the state of art name entity translation scheme . improper translation of name entities lapse the quality of machine translated output . in this work , name entities are transliterated by using statistical rule based approach . this paper describes the translation and transliteration of name entities from english to punjabi . we have experimented on four types ←
→ investigation of " enhancing flexibility and robustness in multi - agent task scheduling " ; wilson et al . propose a measure of flexibility in project scheduling problems and propose several ways of distributing flexibility over tasks without overrunning the deadline . these schedules prove quite robust : delays of some tasks do not necessarily lead to delays of subsequent tasks . the number of tasks that finish late depends , among others , on the way of distributing flexibility . in this paper i study the diffe ←
→ automatic large - scale classification of bird sounds is strongly improved by unsupervised feature learning ; automatic species classification of birds from their sound is a computational tool of increasing importance in ecology , conservation monitoring and vocal communication studies . to make classification useful in practice , it is crucial to improve its accuracy while ensuring that it can run at big data scales . many approaches use acoustic measures based on spectrogram - type data , such as the mel - frequen ←
→ adaptive graph - based total variation for tomographic reconstructions ; sparsity exploiting image reconstruction ( ser ) methods have been extensively used with total variation ( tv ) regularization for tomographic reconstructions . local tv methods fail to preserve texture details and often create additional artefacts due to over - smoothing . non - local tv ( nltv ) methods have been proposed as a solution to this but they either lack continuous updates due to computational constraints or limit the locality to a small ←
→ light cascaded convolutional neural networks for accurate player detection ; vision based player detection is important in sports applications . accuracy , efficiency , and low memory consumption are desirable for real - time tasks such as intelligent broadcasting and automatic event classification . in this paper , we present a cascaded convolutional neural network ( cnn ) that satisfies all three of these requirements . our method first trains a binary ( player / non - player ) classification network from labeled image ←
→ sample efficient policy search for optimal stopping domains ; optimal stopping problems consider the question of deciding when to stop an observation - generating process in order to maximize a return . we examine the problem of simultaneously learning and planning in such domains , when data is collected directly from the environment . we propose gfse , a simple and flexible model - free policy search method that reuses data for sample efficiency by leveraging problem structure . we bound the sample complexity of o ←
→ defeasible inclusions in low - complexity dls ; some of the applications of owl and rdf ( e . g . biomedical knowledge representation and semantic policy formulation ) call for extensions of these languages with nonmonotonic constructs such as inheritance with overriding . nonmonotonic description logics have been studied for many years , however no practical such knowledge representation languages exist , due to a combination of semantic difficulties and high computational complexity . independently , low - complexity d ←
→ a machine learning approach for virtual flow metering and forecasting ; we are concerned with robust and accurate forecasting of multiphase flow rates in wells and pipelines during oil and gas production . in practice , the possibility to physically measure the rates is often limited ; besides , it is desirable to estimate future values of multiphase rates based on the previous behavior of the system . in this work , we demonstrate that a long short - term memory ( lstm ) recurrent artificial network is able not only ←
→ on pairwise costs for network flow multi - object tracking ; multi - object tracking has been recently approached with the min - cost network flow optimization techniques . such methods simultaneously resolve multiple object tracks in a video and enable modeling of dependencies among tracks . min - cost network flow methods also fit well within the " tracking - by - detection " paradigm where object trajectories are obtained by connecting per - frame outputs of an object detector . object detectors , however , often fail due to ←
→ statistics of deep generated images ; here , we explore the low - level statistics of images generated by state - of - the - art deep generative models . first , wasserstein generative adversarial network ( wgan ) and deep convolutional generative adversarial network ( dcgan ) are trained on the imagenet dataset and a large set of cartoon frames from animations . then , for images generated by these models as well as natural scenes and cartoons , statistics including mean power spectrum , the number of connected components in ←
→ diversification - based learning in computing and optimization ; diversification - based learning ( dbl ) derives from a collection of principles and methods introduced in the field of metaheuristics that have broad applications in computing and optimization . we show that the dbl framework goes significantly beyond that of the more recent opposition - based learning ( obl ) framework introduced in tizhoosh ( 2005 ), which has become the focus of numerous research initiatives in machine learning and metaheuristic optimi ←
→ towards a deep learning framework for unconstrained face detection ; robust face detection is one of the most important pre - processing steps to support facial expression analysis , facial landmarking , face recognition , pose estimation , building of 3d facial models , etc . although this topic has been intensely studied for decades , it is still challenging due to numerous variants of face images in real - world scenarios . in this paper , we present a novel approach named multiple scale faster region - based convoluti ←
→ cognitive aging as interplay between hebbian learning and criticality ; cognitive ageing seems to be a story of global degradation . as one ages there are a number of physical , chemical and biological changes that take place . therefore it is logical to assume that the brain is no exception to this phenomenon . the principle purpose of this project is to use models of neural dynamics and learning based on the underlying principle of self - organised criticality , to account for the age related cognitive effects . ←
→ on the approximation ability of evolutionary optimization with application to minimum set cover ; evolutionary algorithms ( eas ) are heuristic algorithms inspired by natural evolution . they are often used to obtain satisficing solutions in practice . in this paper , we investigate a largely underexplored issue : the approximation performance of eas in terms of how close the solution obtained is to an optimal solution . we study an ea framework named simple ea with isolated population ( seip ) that can be impleme ←
→ unsupervised learning layers for video analysis ; this paper presents two unsupervised learning layers ( ul layers ) for label - free video analysis : one for fully connected layers , and the other for convolutional ones . the proposed ul layers can play two roles : they can be the cost function layer for providing global training signal ; meanwhile they can be added to any regular neural network layers for providing local training signals and combined with the training signals backpropagated from upper layers for e ←
→ image denoising via collaborative support - agnostic recovery ; in this paper , we propose a novel image denoising algorithm using collaborative support - agnostic sparse reconstruction . an observed image is first divided into patches . similarly structured patches are grouped together to be utilized for collaborative processing . in the proposed collaborative schemes , similar patches are assumed to share the same support taps . for sparse reconstruction , the likelihood of a tap being active in a patch is computed ←
→ voxelnet : end - to - end learning for point cloud based 3d object detection ; accurate detection of objects in 3d point clouds is a central problem in many applications , such as autonomous navigation , housekeeping robots , and augmented / virtual reality . to interface a highly sparse lidar point cloud with a region proposal network ( rpn ), most existing efforts have focused on hand - crafted feature representations , for example , a bird ' s eye view projection . in this work , we remove the need of manual feature engineer ←
→ fast and accurate deep network learning by exponential linear units ( elus ) ; we introduce the " exponential linear unit " ( elu ) which speeds up learning in deep neural networks and leads to higher classification accuracies . like rectified linear units ( relus ), leaky relus ( lrelus ) and parametrized relus ( prelus ), elus alleviate the vanishing gradient problem via the identity for positive values . however , elus have improved learning characteristics compared to the units with other activation functions . in co ←
→ combinatorial penalties : which structures are preserved by convex relaxations ? ; we consider the homogeneous and the non - homogeneous convex relaxations for combinatorial penalty functions defined on support sets . our study identifies key differences in the tightness of the resulting relaxations through the notion of the lower combinatorial envelope of a set - function along with new necessary conditions for support identification . we then propose a general adaptive estimator for convex monotone regularizers ←
→ neural networks regularization through class - wise invariant representation learning ; training deep neural networks is known to require a large number of training samples . however , in many applications only few training samples are available . in this work , we tackle the issue of training neural networks for classification task when few training samples are available . we attempt to solve this issue by proposing a new regularization term that constrains the hidden layers of a network to learn class - wise inv ←
→ competitive coevolution through evolutionary complexification ; two major goals in machine learning are the discovery and improvement of solutions to complex problems . in this paper , we argue that complexification , i . e . the incremental elaboration of solutions through adding new structure , achieves both these goals . we demonstrate the power of complexification through the neuroevolution of augmenting topologies ( neat ) method , which evolves increasingly complex neural network architectures . neat is applied t ←
→ automatic classification of cancerous tissue in laserendomicroscopy images of the oral cavity using deep learning ; oral squamous cell carcinoma ( oscc ) is a common type of cancer of the oral epithelium . despite their high impact on mortality , sufficient screening methods for early diagnosis of oscc often lack accuracy and thus osccs are mostly diagnosed at a late stage . early detection and accurate outline estimation of osccs would lead to a better curative outcome and an reduction in recurrence rates aft ←
→ m - best solutions for a class of fuzzy constraint satisfaction problems ; the article considers one of the possible generalizations of constraint satisfaction problems where relations are replaced by multivalued membership functions . in this case operations of disjunction and conjunction are replaced by maximum and minimum , and consistency of a solution becomes multivalued rather than binary . the article studies the problem of finding d most admissible solutions for a given d . a tractable subclass of these p ←
→ scaling binarized neural networks on reconfigurable logic ; binarized neural networks ( bnns ) are gaining interest in the deep learning community due to their significantly lower computational and memory cost . they are particularly well suited to reconfigurable logic devices , which contain an abundance of fine - grained compute resources and can result in smaller , lower power implementations , or conversely in higher classification rates . towards this end , the finn framework was recently proposed for building f ←
→ building of networks of natural hierarchies of terms based on analysis of texts corpora ; the technique of building of networks of hierarchies of terms based on the analysis of chosen text corpora is offered . the technique is based on the methodology of horizontal visibility graphs . constructed and investigated language network , formed on the basis of electronic preprints arxiv on topics of information retrieval .←
→ visualization of hyperspectral images using moving least squares ; displaying the large number of bands in a hyper spectral image on a trichromatic monitor has been an active research topic . the visualized image shall convey as much information as possible form the original data and facilitate image interpretation . most existing methods display hsis in false colors which contradict with human ' s experience and expectation . in this paper , we propose a nonlinear approach to visualize an input hsi with natural ←
→ sparse nested markov models with log - linear parameters ; hidden variables are ubiquitous in practical data analysis , and therefore modeling marginal densities and doing inference with the resulting models is an important problem in statistics , machine learning , and causal inference . recently , a new type of graphical model , called the nested markov model , was developed which captures equality constraints found in marginals of directed acyclic graph ( dag ) models . some of these constraints , such as the so call ←
→ when ignorance is bliss ; it is commonly - accepted wisdom that more information is better , and that information should never be ignored . here we argue , using both a bayesian and a non - bayesian analysis , that in some situations you are better off ignoring information if your uncertainty is represented by a set of probability measures . these include situations in which the information is relevant for the prediction task at hand . in the non - bayesian analysis , we show how ignoring information avoids dilation , th ←
→ few - shot learning with metric - agnostic conditional embeddings ; learning high quality class representations from few examples is a key problem in metric - learning approaches to few - shot learning . to accomplish this , we introduce a novel architecture where class representations are conditioned for each few - shot trial based on a target image . we also deviate from traditional metric - learning approaches by training a network to perform comparisons between classes rather than relying on a static metric comparison ←
→ recognizing descriptive wikipedia categories for historical figures ; wikipedia is a useful knowledge source that benefits many applications in language processing and knowledge representation . an important feature of wikipedia is that of categories . wikipedia pages are assigned different categories according to their contents as human - annotated labels which can be used in information retrieval , ad hoc search improvements , entity ranking and tag recommendations . however , important pages are usually assigned ←
→ finding the true frequent itemsets ; frequent itemsets ( fis ) mining is a fundamental primitive in data mining . it requires to identify all itemsets appearing in at least a fraction $\ theta $ of a transactional dataset $\ mathcal { d }$. often though , the ultimate goal of mining $\ mathcal { d }$ is not an analysis of the dataset \ emph { per se }, but the understanding of the underlying process that generated it . specifically , in many applications $\ mathcal { d }$ is a collection of samples obtained from an unknown probabi ←
→ confidence - aware levenberg - marquardt optimization for joint motion estimation and super - resolution ; motion estimation across low - resolution frames and the reconstruction of high - resolution images are two coupled subproblems of multi - frame super - resolution . this paper introduces a new joint optimization approach for motion estimation and image reconstruction to address this interdependence . our method is formulated via non - linear least squares optimization and combines two principles of robust super - resol ←
→ e - swish : adjusting activations to different network depths ; activation functions have a notorious impact on neural networks on both training and testing the models against the desired problem . currently , the most used activation function is the rectified linear unit ( relu ). this paper introduces a new and novel activation function , closely related with the new activation $ swish = x * sigmoid ( x )$ ( ramachandran et al ., 2017 ) which generalizes it . we call the new activation $ e - swish = \ beta x * sigmoid ( x )$. w ←
→ hierarchical composition of memristive networks for real - time computing ; advances in materials science have led to physical instantiations of self - assembled networks of memristive devices and demonstrations of their computational capability through reservoir computing . reservoir computing is an approach that takes advantage of collective system dynamics for real - time computing . a dynamical system , called a reservoir , is excited with a time - varying signal and observations of its states are used to reconstru ←
→ credibility discounting in the theory of approximate reasoning ; we are concerned with the problem of introducing credibility type information into reasoning systems . the concept of credibility allows us to discount information provided by agents . an important characteristic of this kind of procedure is that a complete lack of credibility rather than resulting in the negation of the information provided results in the nullification of the information provided . we suggest a representational scheme for credib ←
→ a parallel genetic algorithm for three dimensional bin packing with heterogeneous bins ; this paper presents a parallel genetic algorithm for three dimensional bin packing with heterogeneous bins using hadoop map - reduce framework . the most common three dimensional bin packing problem which packs given set of boxes into minimum number of equal sized bins is proven to be np hard . the variation of three dimensional bin packing problem that allows heterogeneous bin sizes and rotation of boxes is computational ←
→ importance sampling with unequal support ; importance sampling is often used in machine learning when training and testing data come from different distributions . in this paper we propose a new variant of importance sampling that can reduce the variance of importance sampling - based estimates by orders of magnitude when the supports of the training and testing distributions differ . after motivating and presenting our new importance sampling estimator , we provide a detailed theoretical analysis that character ←
→ stochastic hyperparameter optimization through hypernetworks ; machine learning models are often tuned by nesting optimization of model weights inside the optimization of hyperparameters . we give a method to collapse this nested optimization into joint stochastic optimization of weights and hyperparameters . our process trains a neural network to output approximately optimal weights as a function of hyperparameters . we show that our technique converges to locally optimal weights and hyperparameters for suffi ←
→ lex - partitioning : a new option for bdd search ; for the exploration of large state spaces , symbolic search using binary decision diagrams ( bdds ) can save huge amounts of memory and computation time . state sets are represented and modified by accessing and manipulating their characteristic functions . bdd partitioning is used to compute the image as the disjunction of smaller subimages . in this paper , we propose a novel bdd partitioning option . the partitioning is lexicographical in the binary representatio ←
→ compositional semantic parsing on semi - structured tables ; two important aspects of semantic parsing for question answering are the breadth of the knowledge source and the depth of logical compositionality . while existing work trades off one aspect for another , this paper simultaneously makes progress on both fronts through a new task : answering complex questions on semi - structured tables using question - answer pairs as supervision . the central challenge arises from two compounding factors : the broader domai ←
→ abducing compliance of incomplete event logs ; the capability to store data about business processes execution in so - called event logs has brought to the diffusion of tools for the analysis of process executions and for the assessment of the goodness of a process model . nonetheless , these tools are often very rigid in dealing with with event logs that include incomplete information about the process execution . thus , while the ability of handling incomplete event data is one of the challenges mentioned in th ←
→ generating motion patterns using evolutionary computation in digital soccer ; dribbling an opponent player in digital soccer environment is an important practical problem in motion planning . it has special complexities which can be generalized to most important problems in other similar multi agent systems . in this paper , we propose a hybrid computational geometry and evolutionary computation approach for generating motion trajectories to avoid a mobile obstacle . in this case an opponent agent is not only ←
→ ranking biomarkers through mutual information ; we study information theoretic methods for ranking biomarkers . in clinical trials there are two , closely related , types of biomarkers : predictive and prognostic , and disentangling them is a key challenge . our first step is to phrase biomarker ranking in terms of optimizing an information theoretic quantity . this formalization of the problem will enable us to derive rankings of predictive / prognostic biomarkers , by estimating different , high dimensional , conditi ←
→ praaline : integrating tools for speech corpus research ; this paper presents praaline , an open - source software system for managing , annotating , analysing and visualising speech corpora . researchers working with speech corpora are often faced with multiple tools and formats , and they need to work with ever - increasing amounts of data in a collaborative way . praaline integrates and extends existing time - proven tools for spoken corpora analysis ( praat , sonic visualiser and a bridge to the r statistical package )←
→ deepvel : deep learning for the estimation of horizontal velocities at the solar surface ; many phenomena taking place in the solar photosphere are controlled by plasma motions . although the line - of - sight component of the velocity can be estimated using the doppler effect , we do not have direct spectroscopic access to the components that are perpendicular to the line - of - sight . these components are typically estimated using methods based on local correlation tracking . we have designed deepvel , an end - to - end ←
→ improving distant supervision using inference learning ; distant supervision is a widely applied approach to automatic training of relation extraction systems and has the advantage that it can generate large amounts of labelled data with minimal effort . however , this data may contain errors and consequently systems trained using distant supervision tend not to perform as well as those based on manually labelled data . this work proposes a novel method for detecting potential false negative training examples ←
→ do all fragments count ? ; we aim at finding the minimal set of fragments which achieves maximal parse accuracy in data oriented parsing . experiments with the penn wall street journal treebank show that counts of almost arbitrary fragments within parse trees are important , leading to improved parse accuracy over previous models tested on this treebank . we isolate a number of dependency relations which previous models neglect but which contribute to higher parse accuracy .←
→ note on the equivalence of hierarchical variational models and auxiliary deep generative models ; this note compares two recently published machine learning methods for constructing flexible , but tractable families of variational hidden - variable posteriors . the first method , called " hierarchical variational models " enriches the inference model with an extra variable , while the other , called " auxiliary deep generative models ", enriches the generative model instead . we conclude that the two methods are math ←
→ analysis of amoeba active contours ; subject of this paper is the theoretical analysis of structure - adaptive median filter algorithms that approximate curvature - based pdes for image filtering and segmentation . these so - called morphological amoeba filters are based on a concept introduced by lerallut et al . they achieve similar results as the well - known geodesic active contour and self - snakes pdes . in the present work , the pde approximated by amoeba active contours is derived for a general geometric situatio ←
→ shallow and deep convolutional networks for saliency prediction ; the prediction of salient areas in images has been traditionally addressed with hand - crafted features based on neuroscience principles . this paper , however , addresses the problem with a completely data - driven approach by training a convolutional neural network ( convnet ). the learning process is formulated as a minimization of a loss function that measures the euclidean distance of the predicted saliency map with the provided ground truth . the ←
→ empirical evaluation of abstract argumentation : supporting the need for bipolar and probabilistic approaches ; in dialogical argumentation it is often assumed that the involved parties always correctly identify the intended statements posited by each other , realize all of the associated relations , conform to the three acceptability states ( accepted , rejected , undecided ), adjust their views when new and correct information comes in , and that a framework handling only attack relations is sufficient to repre ←
→ graphical exponential screening ; in high dimensions we propose and analyze an aggregation estimator of the precision matrix for gaussian graphical models . this estimator , called graphical exponential screening ( ges ), linearly combines a suitable set of individual estimators with different underlying graphs , and balances the estimation error and sparsity . we study the risk of this aggregation estimator and show that it is comparable to that of the best estimator based on a single graph , chosen by an oracle .←
→ densenet : implementing efficient convnet descriptor pyramids ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) can provide accurate object classification . they can be extended to perform object detection by iterating over dense or selected proposed object regions . however , the runtime of such detectors scales as the total number and / or area of regions to examine per image , and training such detectors may be prohibitively slow . however , for some cnn classifier topologies , it is possible to share significant work among ←
→ transducers from rewrite rules with backreferences ; context sensitive rewrite rules have been widely used in several areas of natural language processing , including syntax , morphology , phonology and speech processing . kaplan and kay , karttunen , and mohri & sproat have given various algorithms to compile such rewrite rules into finite - state transducers . the present paper extends this work by allowing a limited form of backreferencing in such rules . the explicit use of backreferencing leads to more elegant a ←
→ practical algorithms for on - line sampling ; one of the core applications of machine learning to knowledge discovery consists on building a function ( a hypothesis ) from a given amount of data ( for instance a decision tree or a neural network ) such that we can use it afterwards to predict new instances of the data . in this paper , we focus on a particular situation where we assume that the hypothesis we want to use for prediction is very simple , and thus , the hypotheses class is of feasible size . we study the ←
→ learning robust object recognition using composed scenes from generative models ; recurrent feedback connections in the mammalian visual system have been hypothesized to play a role in synthesizing input in the theoretical framework of analysis by synthesis . the comparison of internally synthesized representation with that of the input provides a validation mechanism during perceptual inference and learning . inspired by these ideas , we proposed that the synthesis machinery can compose new , unobserved imag ←
→ indian buffet process deep generative models ; deep generative models ( dgms ) have brought about a major breakthrough , as well as renewed interest , in generative latent variable models . however , an issue current dgm formulations do not address concerns the data - driven inference of the number of latent features needed to represent the observed data . traditional linear formulations allow for addressing this issue by resorting to tools from the field of nonparametric statistics : indeed , nonparametric linear lat ←
→ wood species recognition based on sift keypoint histogram ; traditionally , only experts who are equipped with professional knowledge and rich experience are able to recognize different species of wood . applying image processing techniques for wood species recognition can not only reduce the expense to train qualified identifiers , but also increase the recognition accuracy . in this paper , a wood species recognition technique base on scale invariant feature transformation ( sift ) keypoint histogram is proposed ←
→ incorporation of speech duration information in score fusion of speaker recognition systems ; in recent years identity - vector ( i - vector ) based speaker verification ( sv ) systems have become very successful . nevertheless , environmental noise and speech duration variability still have a significant effect on degrading the performance of these systems . in many real - life applications , duration of recordings are very short ; as a result , extracted i - vectors cannot reliably represent the attributes of the speaker ←
→ modular tracking framework : a unified approach to registration based tracking ; this paper presents a modular , extensible and highly efficient open source framework for registration based tracking targeted at robotics applications . it is implemented entirely in c ++ and is designed from the ground up to easily integrate with systems that support any of several major vision and robotics libraries including opencv , ros , visp and eigen . it is also faster and more precise than other existing systems . to esta ←
→ active canny : edge detection and recovery with open active contour models ; we introduce an edge detection and recovery framework based on open active contour models ( snakelets ). this is motivated by the noisy or broken edges output by standard edge detection algorithms , like canny . the idea is to utilize the local continuity and smoothness cues provided by strong edges and grow them to recover the missing edges . this way , the strong edges are used to recover weak or missing edges by considering the local ←
→ fixed - rank representation for unsupervised visual learning ; subspace clustering and feature extraction are two of the most commonly used unsupervised learning techniques in computer vision and pattern recognition . state - of - the - art techniques for subspace clustering make use of recent advances in sparsity and rank minimization . however , existing techniques are computationally expensive and may result in degenerate solutions that degrade clustering performance in the case of insufficient data sampling . to pa ←
→ learning the structure of generative models without labeled data ; curating labeled training data has become the primary bottleneck in machine learning . recent frameworks address this bottleneck with generative models to synthesize labels at scale from weak supervision sources . the generative model ' s dependency structure directly affects the quality of the estimated labels , but selecting a structure automatically without any labeled data is a distinct challenge . we propose a structure estimation method that ←
→ sentence directed video object codetection ; we tackle the problem of video object codetection by leveraging the weak semantic constraint implied by sentences that describe the video content . unlike most existing work that focuses on codetecting large objects which are usually salient both in size and appearance , we can codetect objects that are small or medium sized . our method assumes no human pose or depth information such as is required by the most recent state - of - the - art method . we employ weak semantic ←
→ multiscale inference for high - frequency data ; this paper proposes a novel multiscale estimator for the integrated volatility of an ito process , in the presence of market microstructure noise ( observation error ). the multiscale structure of the observed process is represented frequency - by - frequency and the concept of the multiscale ratio is introduced to quantify the bias in the realized integrated volatility due to the observation error . the multiscale ratio is estimated from a single sample path , and a fr ←
→ large - scale automatic reconstruction of neuronal processes from electron microscopy images ; automated sample preparation and electron microscopy enables acquisition of very large image data sets . these technical advances are of special importance to the field of neuroanatomy , as 3d reconstructions of neuronal processes at the nm scale can provide new insight into the fine grained structure of the brain . segmentation of large - scale electron microscopy data is the main bottleneck in the analysis of these d ←
→ navigation objects extraction for better content structure understanding ; existing works for extracting navigation objects from webpages focus on navigation menus , so as to reveal the information architecture of the site . however , web 2 . 0 sites such as social networks , e - commerce portals etc . are making the understanding of the content structure in a web site increasingly difficult . dynamic and personalized elements such as top stories , recommended list in a webpage are vital to the understanding of the dy ←
→ unsynthesizable cores - minimal explanations for unsynthesizable high - level robot behaviors ; with the increasing ubiquity of multi - capable , general - purpose robots arises the need for enabling non - expert users to command these robots to perform complex high - level tasks . to this end , high - level robot control has seen the application of formal methods to automatically synthesize correct - by - construction controllers from user - defined specifications ; synthesis fails if and only if there exists no controller th ←
→ a practitioners ' guide to transfer learning for text classification using convolutional neural networks ; transfer learning ( tl ) plays a crucial role when a given dataset has insufficient labeled examples to train an accurate model . in such scenarios , the knowledge accumulated within a model pre - trained on a source dataset can be transferred to a target dataset , resulting in the improvement of the target model . though tl is found to be successful in the realm of image - based applications , its impact and pr ←
→ winner - relaxing self - organizing maps ; a new family of self - organizing maps , the winner - relaxing kohonen algorithm , is introduced as a generalization of a variant given by kohonen in 1991 . the magnification behaviour is calculated analytically . for the original variant a magnification exponent of 4 / 7 is derived ; the generalized version allows to steer the magnification in the wide range from exponent 1 / 2 to 1 in the one - dimensional case , thus provides optimal mapping in the sense of information theory . the ←
→ properties on n - dimensional convolution for image deconvolution ; convolution system is linear and time invariant , and can describe the optical imaging process . based on convolution system , many deconvolution techniques have been developed for optical image analysis , such as boosting the space resolution of optical images , image denoising , image enhancement and so on . here , we gave properties on n - dimensional convolution . by using these properties , we proposed image deconvolution method . this method uses a ←
→ a deep q - learning agent for the l - game with variable batch training ; we employ the deep q - learning algorithm with experience replay to train an agent capable of achieving a high - level of play in the l - game while self - learning from low - dimensional states . we also employ variable batch size for training in order to mitigate the loss of the rare reward signal and significantly accelerate training . despite the large action space due to the number of possible moves , the low - dimensional state space and the rarit ←
→ stochastic gradient mcmc with stale gradients ; stochastic gradient mcmc ( sg - mcmc ) has played an important role in large - scale bayesian learning , with well - developed theoretical convergence properties . in such applications of sg - mcmc , it is becoming increasingly popular to employ distributed systems , where stochastic gradients are computed based on some outdated parameters , yielding what are termed stale gradients . while stale gradients could be directly used in sg - mcmc , their impact on convergence properti ←
→ a data mining framework to model consumer indebtedness with psychological factors ; modelling consumer indebtedness has proven to be a problem of complex nature . in this work we utilise data mining techniques and methods to explore the multifaceted aspect of consumer indebtedness by examining the contribution of psychological factors , like impulsivity to the analysis of consumer debt . our results confirm the beneficial impact of psychological factors in modelling consumer indebtedness and suggest a new ap ←
→ modeling state in software debugging of vhdl - rtl designs -- a model - based diagnosis approach ; in this paper we outline an approach of applying model - based diagnosis to the field of automatic software debugging of hardware designs . we present our value - level model for debugging vhdl - rtl designs and show how to localize the erroneous component responsible for an observed misbehavior . furthermore , we discuss an extension of our model that supports the debugging of sequential circuits , not only at a given po ←
→ bounded planning in passive pomdps ; in passive pomdps actions do not affect the world state , but still incur costs . when the agent is bounded by information - processing constraints , it can only keep an approximation of the belief . we present a variational principle for the problem of maintaining the information which is most useful for minimizing the cost , and introduce an efficient and simple algorithm for finding an optimum .←
→ a greedy algorithm to cluster specialists ; several recent deep neural networks experiments leverage the generalist - specialist paradigm for classification . however , no formal study compared the performance of different clustering algorithms for class assignment . in this paper we perform such a study , suggest slight modifications to the clustering procedures , and propose a novel algorithm designed to optimize the performance of of the specialist - generalist classification system . our experiments on the cifar -←
→ learning to prune filters in convolutional neural networks ; many state - of - the - art computer vision algorithms use large scale convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) as basic building blocks . these cnns are known for their huge number of parameters , high redundancy in weights , and tremendous computing resource consumptions . this paper presents a learning algorithm to simplify and speed up these cnns . specifically , we introduce a " try - and - learn " algorithm to train pruning agents that remove unnecessary cnn filt ←
→ finite - sample and asymptotic analysis of generalization ability with an application to penalized regression ; in this paper , we study the performance of extremum estimators from the perspective of generalization ability ( ga ): the ability of a model to predict outcomes in new samples from the same population . by adapting the classical concentration inequalities , we derive upper bounds on the empirical out - of - sample prediction errors as a function of the in - sample errors , in - sample data size , heaviness in t ←
→ differentially private federated learning : a client level perspective ; federated learning is a recent advance in privacy protection . in this context , a trusted curator aggregates parameters optimized in decentralized fashion by multiple clients . the resulting model is then distributed back to all clients , ultimately converging to a joint representative model without explicitly having to share the data . however , the protocol is vulnerable to differential attacks , which could originate from any party contrib ←
→ an effective semi - supervised divisive clustering algorithm ; nowadays , data are generated massively and rapidly from scientific fields as bioinformatics , neuroscience and astronomy to business and engineering fields . cluster analysis , as one of the major data analysis tools , is therefore more significant than ever . we propose in this work an effective semi - supervised divisive clustering algorithm ( sdc ). data points are first organized by a minimal spanning tree . next , this tree structure is transitioned to ←
→ robust vertex classification ; for random graphs distributed according to stochastic blockmodels , a special case of latent position graphs , adjacency spectral embedding followed by appropriate vertex classification is asymptotically bayes optimal ; but this approach requires knowledge of and critically depends on the model dimension . in this paper , we propose a sparse representation vertex classifier which does not require information about the model dimension . this classifier represents a test vertex as a s ←
→ an empirical evaluation of similarity measures for time series classification ; time series are ubiquitous , and a measure to assess their similarity is a core part of many computational systems . in particular , the similarity measure is the most essential ingredient of time series clustering and classification systems . because of this importance , countless approaches to estimate time series similarity have been proposed . however , there is a lack of comparative studies using empirical , rigorous , quantitativ ←
→ bayesian and l1 approaches to sparse unsupervised learning ; the use of l1 regularisation for sparse learning has generated immense research interest , with successful application in such diverse areas as signal acquisition , image coding , genomics and collaborative filtering . while existing work highlights the many advantages of l1 methods , in this paper we find that l1 regularisation often dramatically underperforms in terms of predictive performance when compared with other methods for inferring sparsity . ←
→ a novel hopfield neural network approach for minimizing total weighted tardiness of jobs scheduled on identical machines ; this paper explores fast , polynomial time heuristic approximate solutions to the np - hard problem of scheduling jobs on n identical machines . the jobs are independent and are allowed to be stopped and restarted on another machine at a later time . they have well - defined deadlines , and relative priorities quantified by non - negative real weights . the objective is to find schedules which m ←
→ blockdrop : dynamic inference paths in residual networks ; very deep convolutional neural networks offer excellent recognition results , yet their computational expense limits their impact for many real - world applications . we introduce blockdrop , an approach that learns to dynamically choose which layers of a deep network to execute during inference so as to best reduce total computation without degrading prediction accuracy . exploiting the robustness of residual networks ( resnets ) to layer dropping , our fram ←
→ sample efficient deep reinforcement learning for dialogue systems with large action spaces ; in spoken dialogue systems , we aim to deploy artificial intelligence to build automated dialogue agents that can converse with humans . a part of this effort is the policy optimisation task , which attempts to find a policy describing how to respond to humans , in the form of a function taking the current state of the dialogue and returning the response of the system . in this paper , we investigate deep reinforcement ←
→ spatial as deep : spatial cnn for traffic scene understanding ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are usually built by stacking convolutional operations layer - by - layer . although cnn has shown strong capability to extract semantics from raw pixels , its capacity to capture spatial relationships of pixels across rows and columns of an image is not fully explored . these relationships are important to learn semantic objects with strong shape priors but weak appearance coherences , such as traffic lanes , which a ←
→ the impact of mutation rate on the computation time of evolutionary dynamic optimization ; mutation has traditionally been regarded as an important operator in evolutionary algorithms . in particular , there have been many experimental studies which showed the effectiveness of adapting mutation rates for various static optimization problems . given the perceived effectiveness of adaptive and self - adaptive mutation for static optimization problems , there have been speculations that adaptive and self - adaptive ←
→ the dendritic cell algorithm for intrusion detection ; as one of the solutions to intrusion detection problems , artificial immune systems ( ais ) have shown their advantages . unlike genetic algorithms , there is no one archetypal ais , instead there are four major paradigms . among them , the dendritic cell algorithm ( dca ) has produced promising results in various applications . the aim of this chapter is to demonstrate the potential for the dca as a suitable candidate for intrusion detection problems . we review s ←
→ variational inference for background subtraction in infrared imagery ; we propose a gaussian mixture model for background subtraction in infrared imagery . following a bayesian approach , our method automatically estimates the number of gaussian components as well as their parameters , while simultaneously it avoids over / under fitting . the equations for estimating model parameters are analytically derived and thus our method does not require any sampling algorithm that is computationally and memory inefficient ←
→ icnet for real - time semantic segmentation on high - resolution images ; we focus on the challenging task of realtime semantic segmentation in this paper . it finds many practical applications and yet is with fundamental difficulty of reducing a large portion of computation for pixel - wise label inference . we propose an compressed - pspnet - based image cascade network ( icnet ) that incorporates multi - resolution branches under proper label guidance to address this challenge . we provide in - depth analysis of our framew ←
→ discriminative parameter estimation for random walks segmentation ; the random walks ( rw ) algorithm is one of the most e - cient and easy - to - use probabilistic segmentation methods . by combining contrast terms with prior terms , it provides accurate segmentations of medical images in a fully automated manner . however , one of the main drawbacks of using the rw algorithm is that its parameters have to be hand - tuned . we propose a novel discriminative learning framework that estimates the parameters using a train ←
→ quotationfinder - searching for quotations and allusions in greek and latin texts and establishing the degree to which a quotation or allusion matches its source ; the software programs generally used with the tlg ( thesaurus linguae graecae ) and the clclt ( cetedoc library of christian latin texts ) cd - roms are not well suited for finding quotations and allusions . quotationfinder uses more sophisticated criteria as it ranks search results based on how closely they match the source text , listing search res ←
→ on the direct maximization of quadratic weighted kappa ; in recent years , quadratic weighted kappa has been growing in popularity in the machine learning community as an evaluation metric in domains where the target labels to be predicted are drawn from integer ratings , usually obtained from human experts . for example , it was the metric of choice in several recent , high profile machine learning contests hosted on kaggle : https :// www . kaggle . com / c / asap - aes , https :// www . kaggle . com / c / asap - sas , https :// www . ka ←
→ multi - view registration based on weighted low rank and sparse matrix decomposition of motions ; recently , the low rank and sparse ( lrs ) matrix decomposition has been introduced as an effective mean to solve the multi - view registration . however , this method presents two notable disadvantages : the registration result is quite sensitive to the sparsity of the lrs matrix ; besides , the decomposition process treats each block element equally in spite of their reliability . therefore , this paper firstly proposes ←
→ tcav : relative concept importance testing with linear concept activation vectors ; neural networks commonly offer high utility but remain difficult to interpret . developing methods to explain their decisions is challenging due to their large size , complex structure , and inscrutable internal representations . this work argues that the language of explanations should be expanded from that of input features ( e . g ., assigning importance weightings to pixels ) to include that of higher - level , human - friendly conce ←
→ residual lstm : design of a deep recurrent architecture for distant speech recognition ; in this paper , a novel architecture for a deep recurrent neural network , residual lstm is introduced . a plain lstm has an internal memory cell that can learn long term dependencies of sequential data . it also provides a temporal shortcut path to avoid vanishing or exploding gradients in the temporal domain . the residual lstm provides an additional spatial shortcut path from lower layers for efficient training of deep n ←
→ asymmetric learning vector quantization for efficient nearest neighbor classification in dynamic time warping spaces ; the nearest neighbor method together with the dynamic time warping ( dtw ) distance is one of the most popular approaches in time series classification . this method suffers from high storage and computation requirements for large training sets . as a solution to both drawbacks , this article extends learning vector quantization ( lvq ) from euclidean spaces to dtw spaces . the proposed lvq schem ←
→ analysis of named entity recognition and linking for tweets ; applying natural language processing for mining and intelligent information access to tweets ( a form of microblog ) is a challenging , emerging research area . unlike carefully authored news text and other longer content , tweets pose a number of new challenges , due to their short , noisy , context - dependent , and dynamic nature . information extraction from tweets is typically performed in a pipeline , comprising consecutive stages of language identifica ←
→ hidden markov random field iterative closest point ; when registering point clouds resolved from an underlying 2 - d pixel structure , such as those resulting from structured light and flash lidar sensors , or stereo reconstruction , it is expected that some points in one cloud do not have corresponding points in the other cloud , and that these would occur together , such as along an edge of the depth map . in this work , a hidden markov random field model is used to capture this prior within the framework of the i ←
→ batch based monocular slam for egocentric videos ; simultaneous localization and mapping ( slam ) from a monocular camera has been a well researched area . however , estimating camera pose and 3d geometry reliably for egocentric videos still remain a challenge . some of the common causes of failures are dominant 3d rotations and low parallax between successive frames , resulting in unreliable pose and 3d estimates . for forward moving cameras , with no opportunities for loop closures , the drift leads to eventual fa ←
→ training deep gaussian processes using stochastic expectation propagation and probabilistic backpropagation ; deep gaussian processes ( dgps ) are multi - layer hierarchical generalisations of gaussian processes ( gps ) and are formally equivalent to neural networks with multiple , infinitely wide hidden layers . dgps are probabilistic and non - parametric and as such are arguably more flexible , have a greater capacity to generalise , and provide better calibrated uncertainty estimates than alternative deep models . ←
→ expressing ethnicity through behaviors of a robot character ; achieving homophily , or association based on similarity , between a human user and a robot holds a promise of improved perception and task performance . however , no previous studies that address homophily via ethnic similarity with robots exist . in this paper , we discuss the difficulties of evoking ethnic cues in a robot , as opposed to a virtual agent , and an approach to overcome those difficulties based on using ethnically salient behaviors . we ou ←
→ accelerating convolutional neural networks for continuous mobile vision via cache reuse ; convolutional neural network ( cnn ) is the state - of - the - art algorithm of many mobile vision fields . it is also applied in many vision tasks such as face detection and augmented reality on mobile devices . though benefited from the high accuracy achieved via deep cnn models , nowadays commercial mobile devices are often short in processing capacity and battery to continuously carry out such cnn - driven vision applications ←
→ dealing with range anxiety in mean estimation via statistical queries ; we give algorithms for estimating the expectation of a given real - valued function $\ phi : x \ to {\ bf r }$ on a sample drawn randomly from some unknown distribution $ d $ over domain $ x $, namely ${\ bf e } _ {{\ bf x }\ sim d }[\ phi ({\ bf x })]$. our algorithms work in two well - studied models of restricted access to data samples . the first one is the statistical query ( sq ) model in which an algorithm has access to an sq oracle for the input distribution ←
→ unsupervised incremental learning and prediction of music signals ; a system is presented that segments , clusters and predicts musical audio in an unsupervised manner , adjusting the number of ( timbre ) clusters instantaneously to the audio input . a sequence learning algorithm adapts its structure to a dynamically changing clustering tree . the flow of the system is as follows : 1 ) segmentation by onset detection , 2 ) timbre representation of each segment by mel frequency cepstrum coefficients , 3 ) discretization ←
→ cnn - based joint clustering and representation learning with feature drift compensation for large - scale image data ; given a large unlabeled set of images , how to efficiently and effectively group them into clusters based on extracted visual representations remains a challenging problem . to address this problem , we propose a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to jointly solve clustering and representation learning in an iterative manner . in the proposed method , given an input image set , we first randomly p ←
→ the local optimality of reinforcement learning by value gradients , and its relationship to policy gradient learning ; in this theoretical paper we are concerned with the problem of learning a value function by a smooth general function approximator , to solve a deterministic episodic control problem in a large continuous state space . it is shown that learning the gradient of the value - function at every point along a trajectory generated by a greedy policy is a sufficient condition for the trajectory to be ←
→ optimistic semi - supervised least squares classification ; the goal of semi - supervised learning is to improve supervised classifiers by using additional unlabeled training examples . in this work we study a simple self - learning approach to semi - supervised learning applied to the least squares classifier . we show that a soft - label and a hard - label variant of self - learning can be derived by applying block coordinate descent to two related but slightly different objective functions . the resulting soft - label appr ←
→ detection of abnormal input - output associations ; we study a novel outlier detection problem that aims to identify abnormal input - output associations in data , whose instances consist of multi - dimensional input ( context ) and output ( responses ) pairs . we present our approach that works by analyzing data in the conditional ( input -- output ) relation space , captured by a decomposable probabilistic model . experimental results demonstrate the ability of our approach in identifying multivariate conditional outliers .←
→ discriminant chronicles mining : application to care pathways analytics ; pharmaco - epidemiology ( pe ) is the study of uses and effects of drugs in well defined populations . as medico - administrative databases cover a large part of the population , they have become very interesting to carry pe studies . such databases provide longitudinal care pathways in real condition containing timestamped care events , especially drug deliveries . temporal pattern mining becomes a strategic choice to gain valuable insights abou ←
→ a semantic framework for preference handling in answer set programming ; we provide a semantic framework for preference handling in answer set programming . to this end , we introduce preference preserving consequence operators . the resulting fixpoint characterizations provide us with a uniform semantic framework for characterizing preference handling in existing approaches . although our approach is extensible to other semantics by means of an alternating fixpoint theory , we focus here on the elaboration of p ←
→ learning a common substructure of multiple graphical gaussian models ; properties of data are frequently seen to vary depending on the sampled situations , which usually changes along a time evolution or owing to environmental effects . one way to analyze such data is to find invariances , or representative features kept constant over changes . the aim of this paper is to identify one such feature , namely interactions or dependencies among variables that are common across multiple datasets collected under diffe ←
→ photometric bundle adjustment for vision - based slam ; we propose a novel algorithm for the joint refinement of structure and motion parameters from image data directly without relying on fixed and known correspondences . in contrast to traditional bundle adjustment ( ba ) where the optimal parameters are determined by minimizing the reprojection error using tracked features , the proposed algorithm relies on maximizing the photometric consistency and estimates the correspondences implicitly . since the proposed ←
→ the rationale behind the concept of goal ; the paper proposes a fresh look at the concept of goal and advances that motivational attitudes like desire , goal and intention are just facets of the broader notion of ( acceptable ) outcome . we propose to encode the preferences of an agent as sequences of " alternative acceptable outcomes ". we then study how the agent ' s beliefs and norms can be used to filter the mental attitudes out of the sequences of alternative acceptable outcomes . finally , we formalise such int ←
→ entropy and belief networks ; the product expansion of conditional probabilities for belief nets is not maximum entropy . this appears to deny a desirable kind of assurance for the model . however , a kind of guarantee that is almost as strong as maximum entropy can be derived . surprisingly , a variant model also exhibits the guarantee , and for many cases obtains a higher performance score than the product expansion .←
→ deep learning a grasp function for grasping under gripper pose uncertainty ; this paper presents a new method for parallel - jaw grasping of isolated objects from depth images , under large gripper pose uncertainty . whilst most approaches aim to predict the single best grasp pose from an image , our method first predicts a score for every possible grasp pose , which we denote the grasp function . with this , it is possible to achieve grasping robust to the gripper ' s pose uncertainty , by smoothing the grasp funct ←
→ operation frames and clubs in kidney exchange ; a kidney exchange is a centrally - administered barter market where patients swap their willing yet incompatible donors . modern kidney exchanges use 2 - cycles , 3 - cycles , and chains initiated by non - directed donors ( altruists who are willing to give a kidney to anyone ) as the means for swapping . we propose significant generalizations to kidney exchange . we allow more than one donor to donate in exchange for their desired patient receiving a kidney . we also allow ←
→ language modeling with power low rank ensembles ; we present power low rank ensembles ( plre ), a flexible framework for n - gram language modeling where ensembles of low rank matrices and tensors are used to obtain smoothed probability estimates of words in context . our method can be understood as a generalization of n - gram modeling to non - integer n , and includes standard techniques such as absolute discounting and kneser - ney smoothing as special cases . plre training is efficient and our approach outperforms s ←
→ truecluster : robust scalable clustering with model selection ; data - based classification is fundamental to most branches of science . while recent years have brought enormous progress in various areas of statistical computing and clustering , some general challenges in clustering remain : model selection , robustness , and scalability to large datasets . we consider the important problem of deciding on the optimal number of clusters , given an arbitrary definition of space and clusteriness . we show how to construc ←
→ hybrid approach of relation network and localized graph convolutional filtering for breast cancer subtype classification ; network biology has been successfully used to help reveal complex mechanisms of disease , especially cancer . on the other hand , network biology requires in - depth knowledge to construct disease - specific networks , but our current knowledge is very limited even with the recent advances in human cancer biology . deep learning has shown a great potential to address the difficult situation li ←
→ using simulation and domain adaptation to improve efficiency of deep robotic grasping ; instrumenting and collecting annotated visual grasping datasets to train modern machine learning algorithms can be extremely time - consuming and expensive . an appealing alternative is to use off - the - shelf simulators to render synthetic data for which ground - truth annotations are generated automatically . unfortunately , models trained purely on simulated data often fail to generalize to the real world . we study how random ←
→ unsupervised deconvolution of dynamic imaging reveals intratumor vascular heterogeneity ; intratumor heterogeneity is often manifested by vascular compartments with distinct pharmacokinetics that cannot be resolved directly by in vivo dynamic imaging . we developed tissue - specific compartment modeling ( tscm ), an unsupervised computational method of deconvolving dynamic imaging series from heterogeneous tumors that can improve vascular phenotyping in many biological contexts . applying tscm to dynamic contra ←
→ a simple and effective approach to the story cloze test ; in the story cloze test , a system is presented with a 4 - sentence prompt to a story , and must determine which one of two potential endings is the ' right ' ending to the story . previous work has shown that ignoring the training set and training a model on the validation set can achieve high accuracy on this task due to stylistic differences between the story endings in the training set and validation and test sets . following this approach , we present a ←
→ weakly supervised object detection with pointwise mutual information ; in this work a novel approach for weakly supervised object detection that incorporates pointwise mutual information is presented . a fully convolutional neural network architecture is applied in which the network learns one filter per object class . the resulting feature map indicates the location of objects in an image , yielding an intuitive representation of a class activation map . while traditionally such networks are learned by a softm ←
→ recovery of missing samples using sparse approximation via a convex similarity measure ; in this paper , we study the missing sample recovery problem using methods based on sparse approximation . in this regard , we investigate the algorithms used for solving the inverse problem associated with the restoration of missed samples of image signal . this problem is also known as inpainting in the context of image processing and for this purpose , we suggest an iterative sparse recovery algorithm based on constrain ←
→ nature - inspired mateheuristic algorithms : success and new challenges ; despite the increasing popularity of metaheuristics , many crucially important questions remain unanswered . there are two important issues : theoretical framework and the gap between theory and applications . at the moment , the practice of metaheuristics is like heuristic itself , to some extent , by trial and error . mathematical analysis lags far behind , apart from a few , limited , studies on convergence analysis and stability , there is no th ←
→ intelligent fault analysis in electrical power grids ; power grids are one of the most important components of infrastructure in today ' s world . every nation is dependent on the security and stability of its own power grid to provide electricity to the households and industries . a malfunction of even a small part of a power grid can cause loss of productivity , revenue and in some cases even life . thus , it is imperative to design a system which can detect the health of the power grid and take protective measu ←
→ classification via tensor decompositions of echo state networks ; this work introduces a tensor - based method to perform supervised classification on spatiotemporal data processed in an echo state network . typically when performing supervised classification tasks on data processed in an echo state network , the entire collection of hidden layer node states from the training dataset is shaped into a matrix , allowing one to use standard linear algebra techniques to train the output layer . however , the collectio ←
→ multi - layer perceptrons and symbolic data ; in some real world situations , linear models are not sufficient to represent accurately complex relations between input variables and output variables of a studied system . multilayer perceptrons are one of the most successful non - linear regression tool but they are unfortunately restricted to inputs and outputs that belong to a normed vector space . in this chapter , we propose a general recoding method that allows to use symbolic data both as inputs and outputs to ←
→ building a reordering system using tree - to - string hierarchical model ; this paper describes our submission to the first workshop on reordering for statistical machine translation . we have decided to build a reordering system based on tree - to - string model , using only publicly available tools to accomplish this task . with the provided training data we have built a translation model using moses toolkit , and then we applied a chart decoder , implemented in moses , to reorder the sentences . even though our submiss ←
→ an $\ mathcal { o }( n \ log n )$ projection operator for weighted $\ ell_1 $- norm regularization with sum constraint ; we provide a simple and efficient algorithm for the projection operator for weighted $\ ell_1 $- norm regularization subject to a sum constraint , together with an elementary proof . the implementation of the proposed algorithm can be downloaded from the author ' s homepage .←
→ using simulated annealing to calculate the trembles of trembling hand perfection ; within the literature on non - cooperative game theory , there have been a number of attempts to propose logorithms which will compute nash equilibria . rather than derive a new algorithm , this paper shows that the family of algorithms known as markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) can be used to calculate nash equilibria . mcmc is a type of monte carlo simulation that relies on markov chains to ensure its regularity conditions . mcmc ←
→ evaluating real - time anomaly detection algorithms - the numenta anomaly benchmark ; much of the world ' s data is streaming , time - series data , where anomalies give significant information in critical situations ; examples abound in domains such as finance , it , security , medical , and energy . yet detecting anomalies in streaming data is a difficult task , requiring detectors to process data in real - time , not batches , and learn while simultaneously making predictions . there are no benchmarks to adequately test a ←
→ associative adversarial networks ; we propose a higher - level associative memory for learning adversarial networks . generative adversarial network ( gan ) framework has a discriminator and a generator network . the generator ( g ) maps white noise ( z ) to data samples while the discriminator ( d ) maps data samples to a single scalar . to do so , g learns how to map from high - level representation space to data space , and d learns to do the opposite . we argue that higher - level representation spaces need not necessarily ←
→ a sub - character architecture for korean language processing ; we introduce a novel sub - character architecture that exploits a unique compositional structure of the korean language . our method decomposes each character into a small set of primitive phonetic units called jamo letters from which character - and word - level representations are induced . the jamo letters divulge syntactic and semantic information that is difficult to access with conventional character - level units . they greatly alleviate the data sp ←
→ ordonnancement d ' entités pour la rencontre du web des documents et du web des données ; the advances of the linked open data ( lod ) initiative are giving rise to a more structured web of data . indeed , a few datasets act as hubs ( e . g ., dbpedia ) connecting many other datasets . they also made possible new web services for entity detection inside plain text ( e . g ., dbpedia spotlight ), thus allowing for new applications that will benefit from a combination of the web of documents and the web of data . to ease the ←
→ hawkes processes with stochastic excitations ; we propose an extension to hawkes processes by treating the levels of self - excitation as a stochastic differential equation . our new point process allows better approximation in application domains where events and intensities accelerate each other with correlated levels of contagion . we generalize a recent algorithm for simulating draws from hawkes processes whose levels of excitation are stochastic processes , and propose a hybrid markov chain monte carlo appr ←
→ fast rhetorical structure theory discourse parsing ; in recent years , there has been a variety of research on discourse parsing , particularly rst discourse parsing . most of the recent work on rst parsing has focused on implementing new types of features or learning algorithms in order to improve accuracy , with relatively little focus on efficiency , robustness , or practical use . also , most implementations are not widely available . here , we describe an rst segmentation and parsing system that adapts models an ←
→ transductive multi - label zero - shot learning ; zero - shot learning has received increasing interest as a means to alleviate the often prohibitive expense of annotating training data for large scale recognition problems . these methods have achieved great success via learning intermediate semantic representations in the form of attributes and more recently , semantic word vectors . however , they have thus far been constrained to the single - label case , in contrast to the growing popularity and importance of more r ←
→ bayes ' bluff : opponent modelling in poker ; poker is a challenging problem for artificial intelligence , with non - deterministic dynamics , partial observability , and the added difficulty of unknown adversaries . modelling all of the uncertainties in this domain is not an easy task . in this paper we present a bayesian probabilistic model for a broad class of poker games , separating the uncertainty in the game dynamics from the uncertainty of the opponent ' s strategy . we then describe approaches to two key subpro ←
→ provable inductive robust pca via iterative hard thresholding ; the robust pca problem , wherein , given an input data matrix that is the superposition of a low - rank matrix and a sparse matrix , we aim to separate out the low - rank and sparse components , is a well - studied problem in machine learning . one natural question that arises is that , as in the inductive setting , if features are provided as input as well , can we hope to do better ? answering this in the affirmative , the main goal of this paper is to study ←
→ attention - aware generative adversarial networks ( ata - gans ) ; in this work , we present a novel approach for training generative adversarial networks ( gans ). using the attention maps produced by a teacher - network we are able to improve the quality of the generated images as well as perform weakly object localization on the generated images . to this end , we generate images of hep - 2 cells captured with indirect imunofluoresence ( iif ) and study the ability of our network to perform a weakly localization of the ←
→ network traffic decomposition for anomaly detection ; in this paper we focus on the detection of network anomalies like denial of service ( dos ) attacks and port scans in a unified manner . while there has been an extensive amount of research in network anomaly detection , current state of the art methods are only able to detect one class of anomalies at the cost of others . the key tool we will use is based on the spectral decomposition of a trajectory / hankel matrix which is able to detect deviations from both ←
→ lavan : localized and visible adversarial noise ; most works on adversarial examples for deep - learning based image classifiers use noise that , while small , covers the entire image . we explore the case where the noise is allowed to be visible but confined to a small , localized patch of the image , without covering any of the main object ( s ) in the image . we show that it is possible to generate localized adversarial noises that cover only 2 % of the pixels in the image , none of them over the main object , and that ←
→ synthesis of recurrent neural networks for dynamical system simulation ; we review several of the most widely used techniques for training recurrent neural networks to approximate dynamical systems , then describe a novel algorithm for this task . the algorithm is based on an earlier theoretical result that guarantees the quality of the network approximation . we show that a feedforward neural network can be trained on the vector field representation of a given dynamical system using backpropagation , then reca ←
→ rank persistence : assessing the temporal performance of real - world person re - identification ; designing useful person re - identification systems for real - world applications requires attention to operational aspects not typically considered in academic research . here , we focus on the temporal aspect of re - identification ; that is , instead of finding a match to a probe person of interest in a fixed candidate gallery , we consider the more realistic scenario in which the gallery is continuously populated by new ←
→ efficient active learning of halfspaces : an aggressive approach ; we study pool - based active learning of half - spaces . we revisit the aggressive approach for active learning in the realizable case , and show that it can be made efficient and practical , while also having theoretical guarantees under reasonable assumptions . we further show , both theoretically and experimentally , that it can be preferable to mellow approaches . our efficient aggressive active learner of half - spaces has formal approximation guaran ←
→ learning first - order definitions of functions ; first - order learning involves finding a clause - form definition of a relation from examples of the relation and relevant background information . in this paper , a particular first - order learning system is modified to customize it for finding definitions of functional relations . this restriction leads to faster learning times and , in some cases , to definitions that have higher predictive accuracy . other first - order learning systems might benefit from similar spec ←
→ translation memory retrieval methods ; translation memory ( tm ) systems are one of the most widely used translation technologies . an important part of tm systems is the matching algorithm that determines what translations get retrieved from the bank of available translations to assist the human translator . although detailed accounts of the matching algorithms used in commercial systems can ' t be found in the literature , it is widely believed that edit distance algorithms are used . this paper investigates and ←
→ short - term time series prediction using hilbert space embeddings of autoregressive processes ; linear autoregressive models serve as basic representations of discrete time stochastic processes . different attempts have been made to provide non - linear versions of the basic autoregressive process , including different versions based on kernel methods . motivated by the powerful framework of hilbert space embeddings of distributions , in this paper we apply this methodology for the kernel embedding of an autoreg ←
→ skill - based differences in spatio - temporal team behavior in defence of the ancients 2 ; multiplayer online battle arena ( moba ) games are among the most played digital games in the world . in these games , teams of players fight against each other in arena environments , and the gameplay is focused on tactical combat . mastering mobas requires extensive practice , as is exemplified in the popular moba defence of the ancients 2 ( dota 2 ). in this paper , we present three data - driven measures of spatio - temporal beh ←
→ knowledge transfer for melanoma screening with deep learning ; knowledge transfer impacts the performance of deep learning -- the state of the art for image classification tasks , including automated melanoma screening . deep learning ' s greed for large amounts of training data poses a challenge for medical tasks , which we can alleviate by recycling knowledge from models trained on different tasks , in a scheme called transfer learning . although much of the best art on automated melanoma screening employs some ←
→ robust and precise vehicle localization based on multi - sensor fusion in diverse city scenes ; we present a robust and precise localization system that achieves centimeter - level localization accuracy in disparate city scenes . our system adaptively uses information from complementary sensors such as gnss , lidar , and imu to achieve high localization accuracy and resilience in challenging scenes , such as urban downtown , highways , and tunnels . rather than relying only on lidar intensity or 3d geometry , we make ←
→ towards a calculus of echo state networks ; reservoir computing is a recent trend in neural networks which uses the dynamical perturbations on the phase space of a system to compute a desired target function . we present how one can formulate an expectation of system performance in a simple class of reservoir computing called echo state networks . in contrast with previous theoretical frameworks , which only reveal an upper bound on the total memory in the system , we analytically calculate the entire memory cu ←
→ simulation of optical flow and fuzzy based obstacle avoidance system for mobile robots ; honey bees use optical flow to avoid obstacles effectively . in this research work similar methodology was tested on a simulated mobile robot . simulation framework was based on vrml and simulink in a 3d world . optical flow vectors were calculated from a video scene captured by a virtual camera which was used as inputs to a fuzzy logic controller . fuzzy logic controller decided the locomotion of the robot . different fuz ←
→ history based coalition formation in hedonic context using trust ; in this paper we address the problem of coalition formation in hedonic context . our modelling tries to be as realistic as possible . in previous models , once an agent joins a coalition it would not be able to leave the coalition and join the new one ; in this research we made it possible to leave a coalition but put some restrictions to control the behavior of agents . leaving or staying of an agent in a coalition will affect on the trust of th ←
→ minimally invasive randomization for collecting unbiased preferences from clickthrough logs ; clickthrough data is a particularly inexpensive and plentiful resource to obtain implicit relevance feedback for improving and personalizing search engines . however , it is well known that the probability of a user clicking on a result is strongly biased toward documents presented higher in the result set irrespective of relevance . we introduce a simple method to modify the presentation of search results that prov ←
→ on the difficulty of nearest neighbor search ; fast approximate nearest neighbor ( nn ) search in large databases is becoming popular . several powerful learning - based formulations have been proposed recently . however , not much attention has been paid to a more fundamental question : how difficult is ( approximate ) nearest neighbor search in a given data set ? and which data properties affect the difficulty of nearest neighbor search and how ? this paper introduces the first concrete measure called relative contra ←
→ convergence of value aggregation for imitation learning ; value aggregation is a general framework for solving imitation learning problems . based on the idea of data aggregation , it generates a policy sequence by iteratively interleaving policy optimization and evaluation in an online learning setting . while the existence of a good policy in the policy sequence can be guaranteed non - asymptotically , little is known about the convergence of the sequence or the performance of the last policy . in this paper , we ←
→ interpretable two - level boolean rule learning for classification ; as a contribution to interpretable machine learning research , we develop a novel optimization framework for learning accurate and sparse two - level boolean rules . we consider rules in both conjunctive normal form ( and - of - ors ) and disjunctive normal form ( or - of - ands ). a principled objective function is proposed to trade classification accuracy and interpretability , where we use hamming loss to characterize accuracy and sparsity to characterize ←
→ multi - temporal land cover classification with sequential recurrent encoders ; earth observation ( eo ) sensors deliver data with daily or weekly temporal resolution . most land use and land cover ( lulc ) approaches , however , expect cloud - free and mono - temporal observations . the increasing temporal capabilities of today ' s sensors enables the use of temporal , along with spectral and spatial features . domains , such as speech recognition or neural machine translation , work with inherently temporal data and , today ←
→ tree - gram parsing : lexical dependencies and structural relations ; this paper explores the kinds of probabilistic relations that are important in syntactic disambiguation . it proposes that two widely used kinds of relations , lexical dependencies and structural relations , have complementary disambiguation capabilities . it presents a new model based on structural relations , the tree - gram model , and reports experiments showing that structural relations should benefit from enrichment by lexical dependencies .←
→ sensitivity sampling over dynamic geometric data streams with applications to $ k $- clustering ; sensitivity based sampling is crucial for constructing nearly - optimal coreset for $ k $- means / median clustering . in this paper , we provide a novel data structure that enables sensitivity sampling over a dynamic data stream , where points from a high dimensional discrete euclidean space can be either inserted or deleted . based on this data structure , we provide a one - pass coreset construction for $ k $- means % and m -←
→ a novel clustering algorithm based on a modified model of random walk ; we introduce a modified model of random walk , and then develop two novel clustering algorithms based on it . in the algorithms , each data point in a dataset is considered as a particle which can move at random in space according to the preset rules in the modified model . further , this data point may be also viewed as a local control subsystem , in which the controller adjusts its transition probability vector in terms of the feedbacks of ←
→ real - time 6dof pose relocalization for event cameras with stacked spatial lstm networks ; we present a new method to relocalize the 6dof pose of an event camera solely based on the event stream . our method first creates the event image from a list of events that occurs in a very short time interval , then a stacked spatial lstm network ( sp - lstm ) is used to learn the camera pose . our sp - lstm is composed of a cnn to learn deep features from the event images and a stack of lstm to learn spatial dependencies i ←
→ wrpn : training and inference using wide reduced - precision networks ; for computer vision applications , prior works have shown the efficacy of reducing the numeric precision of model parameters ( network weights ) in deep neural networks but also that reducing the precision of activations hurts model accuracy much more than reducing the precision of model parameters . we study schemes to train networks from scratch using reduced - precision activations without hurting the model accuracy . we reduce the precision o ←
→" i wanted to predict elections with twitter and all i got was this lousy paper " -- a balanced survey on election prediction using twitter data ; predicting x from twitter is a popular fad within the twitter research subculture . it seems both appealing and relatively easy . among such kind of studies , electoral prediction is maybe the most attractive , and at this moment there is a growing body of literature on such a topic . this is not only an interesting research problem but , above all , it is extremely dif ←
→ a theoretical framework for robustness of ( deep ) classifiers against adversarial examples ; most machine learning classifiers , including deep neural networks , are vulnerable to adversarial examples . such inputs are typically generated by adding small but purposeful modifications that lead to incorrect outputs while imperceptible to human eyes . the goal of this paper is not to introduce a single method , but to make theoretical steps towards fully understanding adversarial examples . by using concepts from t ←
→ rule extraction algorithm for deep neural networks : a review ; despite the highest classification accuracy in wide varieties of application areas , artificial neural network has one disadvantage . the way this network comes to a decision is not easily comprehensible . the lack of explanation ability reduces the acceptability of neural network in data mining and decision system . this drawback is the reason why researchers have proposed many rule extraction algorithms to solve the problem . recently , deep neural ←
→ learning to remember translation history with a continuous cache ; existing neural machine translation ( nmt ) models generally translate sentences in isolation , missing the opportunity to take advantage of document - level information . in this work , we propose to augment nmt models with a very light - weight cache - like memory network , which stores recent hidden representations as translation history . the probability distribution over generated words is updated online depending on the translation history retrieve ←
→ asymptotic generalization bound of fisher ' s linear discriminant analysis ; fisher ' s linear discriminant analysis ( flda ) is an important dimension reduction method in statistical pattern recognition . it has been shown that flda is asymptotically bayes optimal under the homoscedastic gaussian assumption . however , this classical result has the following two major limitations : 1 ) it holds only for a fixed dimensionality $ d $, and thus does not apply when $ d $ and the training sample size $ n $ are proportionally la ←
→ ladar - based mover detection from moving vehicles ; detecting moving vehicles and people is crucial for safe operation of ugvs but is challenging in cluttered , real world environments . we propose a registration technique that enables objects to be robustly matched and tracked , and hence movers to be detected even in high clutter . range data are acquired using a 2d scanning ladar from a moving platform . these are automatically clustered into objects and modeled using a surface density function . a bhattacharya ←
→ doppler - radar based hand gesture recognition system using convolutional neural networks ; hand gesture recognition has long been a hot topic in human computer interaction . traditional camera - based hand gesture recognition systems cannot work properly under dark circumstances . in this paper , a doppler radar based hand gesture recognition system using convolutional neural networks is proposed . a cost - effective doppler radar sensor with dual receiving channels at 5 . 8ghz is used to acquire a big database of f ←
→ improved parameter identification method based on moving rate ; to improve the problem that the parameter identification for fuzzy neural network has many time complexities in calculating , an improved t - s fuzzy inference method and an parameter identification method for fuzzy neural network are proposed . it mainly includes three parts . first , improved fuzzy inference method based on production term for t - s fuzzy model is explained . then , compared with existing sugeno fuzzy inference based on compositional r ←
→ on gobbledygook and mood of the philippine senate : an exploratory study on the readability and sentiment of selected philippine senators ' microposts ; this paper presents the findings of a readability assessment and sentiment analysis of selected six philippine senators ' microposts over the popular twitter microblog . using the simple measure of gobbledygook ( smog ), tweets of senators cayetano , defensor - santiago , pangilinan , marcos , guingona , and escudero were assessed . a sentiment analysis was also done t ←
→ towards continuous control of flippers for a multi - terrain robot using deep reinforcement learning ; in this paper we focus on developing a control algorithm for multi - terrain tracked robots with flippers using a reinforcement learning ( rl ) approach . the work is based on the deep deterministic policy gradient ( ddpg ) algorithm , proven to be very successful in simple simulation environments . the algorithm works in an end - to - end fashion in order to control the continuous position of the flippers . this end - to ←
→ the effectiveness of data augmentation in image classification using deep learning ; in this paper , we explore and compare multiple solutions to the problem of data augmentation in image classification . previous work has demonstrated the effectiveness of data augmentation through simple techniques , such as cropping , rotating , and flipping input images . we artificially constrain our access to data to a small subset of the imagenet dataset , and compare each data augmentation technique in turn . one of the mo ←
→ a joint framework for argumentative text analysis incorporating domain knowledge ; for argumentation mining , there are several sub - tasks such as argumentation component type classification , relation classification . existing research tends to solve such sub - tasks separately , but ignore the close relation between them . in this paper , we present a joint framework incorporating logical relation between sub - tasks to improve the performance of argumentation structure generation . we design an objective function ←
→ action recognition in videos : from motion capture labs to the web ; this paper presents a survey of human action recognition approaches based on visual data recorded from a single video camera . we propose an organizing framework which puts in evidence the evolution of the area , with techniques moving from heavily constrained motion capture scenarios towards more challenging , realistic , " in the wild " videos . the proposed organization is based on the representation used as input for the recognition task , emph ←
→ optimal release time decision from fuzzy mathematical programming perspective ; demand for high software reliability requires rigorous testing followed by requirement of robust modeling techniques for software quality prediction . on one side , firms have to steadily manage the reliability by testing it vigorously , the optimal release time determination is their biggest concern . in past many models have been developed and much research has been devoted towards assessment of release time of software . however ←
→ analogical dissimilarity : definition , algorithms and two experiments in machine learning ; this paper defines the notion of analogical dissimilarity between four objects , with a special focus on objects structured as sequences . firstly , it studies the case where the four objects have a null analogical dissimilarity , i . e . are in analogical proportion . secondly , when one of these objects is unknown , it gives algorithms to compute it . thirdly , it tackles the problem of defining analogical dissimilarity , whic ←
→ weakly supervised salient object detection using image labels ; deep learning based salient object detection has recently achieved great success with its performance greatly outperforms any other unsupervised methods . however , annotating per - pixel saliency masks is a tedious and inefficient procedure . in this paper , we note that superior salient object detection can be obtained by iteratively mining and correcting the labeling ambiguity on saliency maps from traditional unsupervised methods . we propose to u ←
→ shape recognition of volcanic ash by simple convolutional neural network ; shape analyses of tephra grains result in understanding eruption mechanism of volcanoes . however , we have to define and select parameter set such as convexity for the precise discrimination of tephra grains . selection of the best parameter set for the recognition of tephra shapes is complicated . actually , many shape parameters have been suggested . recently , neural network has made a great success in the field of machine learning . con ←
→ a flexible fitness function for community detection in complex networks ; most community detection algorithms from the literature work as optimization tools that minimize a given \ textit { fitness function }, while assuming that each node belongs to a single community . since there is no hard concept of what a community is , most proposed fitness functions focus on a particular definition . as such , these functions do not always lead to partitions that correspond to those observed in practice . this paper proposes ←
→ faster monte - carlo algorithms for fixation probability of the moran process on undirected graphs ; evolutionary graph theory studies the evolutionary dynamics in a population structure given as a connected graph . each node of the graph represents an individual of the population , and edges determine how offspring are placed . we consider the classical birth - death moran process where there are two types of individuals , namely , the residents with fitness 1 and mutants with fitness r . the fitness indicates the ←
→ evolutionary distances in the twilight zone -- a rational kernel approach ; phylogenetic tree reconstruction is traditionally based on multiple sequence alignments ( msas ) and heavily depends on the validity of this information bottleneck . with increasing sequence divergence , the quality of msas decays quickly . alignment - free methods , on the other hand , are based on abstract string comparisons and avoid potential alignment problems . however , in general they are not biologically motivated and ignore our kno ←
→ aggregating frame - level features for large - scale video classification ; this paper introduces the system we developed for the google cloud & youtube - 8m video understanding challenge , which can be considered as a multi - label classification problem defined on top of the large scale youtube - 8m dataset . we employ a large set of techniques to aggregate the provided frame - level feature representations and generate video - level predictions , including several variants of recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) and generaliz ←
→ generalized non - orthogonal joint diagonalization with lu decomposition and successive rotations ; non - orthogonal joint diagonalization ( njd ) free of prewhitening has been widely studied in the context of blind source separation ( bss ) and array signal processing , etc . however , njd is used to retrieve the jointly diagonalizable structure for a single set of target matrices which are mostly formulized with a single dataset , and thus is insufficient to handle multiple datasets with inter - set dependences , a sc ←
→ training convolutional neural networks with limited training data for ear recognition in the wild ; identity recognition from ear images is an active field of research within the biometric community . the ability to capture ear images from a distance and in a covert manner makes ear recognition technology an appealing choice for surveillance and security applications as well as related application domains . in contrast to other biometric modalities , where large datasets captured in uncontrolled settings are ←
→ scaling up greedy causal search for continuous variables ; as standardly implemented in r or the tetrad program , causal search algorithms used most widely or effectively by scientists have severe dimensionality constraints that make them inappropriate for big data problems without sacrificing accuracy . however , implementation improvements are possible . we explore optimizations for the greedy equivalence search that allow search on 50 , 000 - variable problems in 13 minutes for sparse models with 1000 samples on ←
→ learn to evaluate image perceptual quality blindly from statistics of self - similarity ; among the various image quality assessment ( iqa ) tasks , blind iqa ( biqa ) is particularly challenging due to the absence of knowledge about the reference image and distortion type . features based on natural scene statistics ( nss ) have been successfully used in biqa , while the quality relevance of the feature plays an essential role to the quality prediction performance . motivated by the fact that the early processing st ←
→ optimistic simulated exploration as an incentive for real exploration ; many reinforcement learning exploration techniques are overly optimistic and try to explore every state . such exploration is impossible in environments with the unlimited number of states . i propose to use simulated exploration with an optimistic model to discover promising paths for real exploration . this reduces the needs for the real exploration .←
→ learning one - hidden - layer neural networks with landscape design ; we consider the problem of learning a one - hidden - layer neural network : we assume the input $ x \ in \ mathbb { r }^ d $ is from gaussian distribution and the label $ y = a ^\ top \ sigma ( bx ) + \ xi $, where $ a $ is a nonnegative vector in $\ mathbb { r }^ m $ with $ m \ le d $, $ b \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ m \ times d }$ is a full - rank weight matrix , and $\ xi $ is a noise vector . we first give an analytic formula for the population risk of the standard squared loss and demonstrate t ←
→ teaching compositionality to cnns ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have shown great success in computer vision , approaching human - level performance when trained for specific tasks via application - specific loss functions . in this paper , we propose a method for augmenting and training cnns so that their learned features are compositional . it encourages networks to form representations that disentangle objects from their surroundings and from each other , thereby promoting better generalization . our metho ←
→ co - occurrence filter ; co - occurrence filter ( cof ) is a boundary preserving filter . it is based on the bilateral filter ( bf ) but instead of using a gaussian on the range values to preserve edges it relies on a co - occurrence matrix . pixel values that co - occur frequently in the image ( i . e ., inside textured regions ) will have a high weight in the co - occurrence matrix . this , in turn , means that such pixel pairs will be averaged and hence smoothed , regardless of their intensity differences . on the other hand , pix ←
→ structured black box variational inference for latent time series models ; continuous latent time series models are prevalent in bayesian modeling ; examples include the kalman filter , dynamic collaborative filtering , or dynamic topic models . these models often benefit from structured , non mean field variational approximations that capture correlations between time steps . black box variational inference with reparameterization gradients ( bbvi ) allows us to explore a rich new class of bayesian non - conjugate l ←
→ employing fuzzy intervals and loop - based methodology for designing structural signature : an application to symbol recognition ; motivation of our work is to present a new methodology for symbol recognition . we support structural methods for representing visual associations in graphic documents . the proposed method employs a structural approach for symbol representation and a statistical classifier for recognition . we vectorize a graphic symbol , encode its topological and geometrical information by an arg ←
→ improving active learning in systematic reviews ; systematic reviews are essential to summarizing the results of different clinical and social science studies . the first step in a systematic review task is to identify all the studies relevant to the review . the task of identifying relevant studies for a given systematic review is usually performed manually , and as a result , involves substantial amounts of expensive human resource . lately , there have been some attempts to reduce this manual effort using acti ←
→ the scope and limits of simulation in cognitive models ; it has been proposed that human physical reasoning consists largely of running " physics engines in the head " in which the future trajectory of the physical system under consideration is computed precisely using accurate scientific theories . in such models , uncertainty and incomplete knowledge is dealt with by sampling probabilistically over the space of possible trajectories (" monte carlo simulation "). we argue that such simulation - based models are to ←
→ robust spectral detection of global structures in the data by learning a regularization ; spectral methods are popular in detecting global structures in the given data that can be represented as a matrix . however when the data matrix is sparse or noisy , classic spectral methods usually fail to work , due to localization of eigenvectors ( or singular vectors ) induced by the sparsity or noise . in this work , we propose a general method to solve the localization problem by learning a regularization matrix from ←
→ on move pattern trends in a large go games corpus ; we process a large corpus of game records of the board game of go and propose a way of extracting summary information on played moves . we then apply several basic data - mining methods on the summary information to identify the most differentiating features within the summary information , and discuss their correspondence with traditional go knowledge . we show statistically significant mappings of the features to player attributes such as playing strength or ←
→ training with confusion for fine - grained visual classification ; research in fine - grained visual classification has focused on tackling the variations in pose , lighting , and viewpoint using sophisticated localization and segmentation techniques , and the usage of robust texture features to improve performance . in this work , we look at the fundamental optimization of neural network training for fine - grained classification tasks with minimal inter - class variance , and attempt to learn features with increased ge ←
→ using eigenvectors of the bigram graph to infer morpheme identity ; this paper describes the results of some experiments exploring statistical methods to infer syntactic behavior of words and morphemes from a raw corpus in an unsupervised fashion . it shares certain points in common with brown et al ( 1992 ) and work that has grown out of that : it employs statistical techniques to analyze syntactic behavior based on what words occur adjacent to a given word . however , we use an eigenvector decomposition of a ne ←
→ on generation of time - based label refinements ; process mining is a research field focused on the analysis of event data with the aim of extracting insights in processes . applying process mining techniques on data from smart home environments has the potential to provide valuable insights in ( un ) healthy habits and to contribute to ambient assisted living solutions . finding the right event labels to enable application of process mining techniques is however far from trivial , as simply using the triggering se ←
→ on the complexity of optimization problems based on compiled nnf representations ; optimization is a key task in a number of applications . when the set of feasible solutions under consideration is of combinatorial nature and described in an implicit way as a set of constraints , optimization is typically np - hard . fortunately , in many problems , the set of feasible solutions does not often change and is independent from the user ' s request . in such cases , compiling the set of constraints describing the set of ←
→ learning a unified control policy for safe falling ; being able to fall safely is a necessary motor skill for humanoids performing highly dynamic tasks , such as running and jumping . we propose a new method to learn a policy that minimizes the maximal impulse during the fall . the optimization solves for both a discrete contact planning problem and a continuous optimal control problem . once trained , the policy can compute the optimal next contacting body part ( e . g . left foot , right foot , or hands ), contact lo ←
→ thompson sampling for 1 - dimensional exponential family bandits ; thompson sampling has been demonstrated in many complex bandit models , however the theoretical guarantees available for the parametric multi - armed bandit are still limited to the bernoulli case . here we extend them by proving asymptotic optimality of the algorithm using the jeffreys prior for 1 - dimensional exponential family bandits . our proof builds on previous work , but also makes extensive use of closed forms for kullback - leibler divergence ←
→ shop2 : an htn planning system ; the shop2 planning system received one of the awards for distinguished performance in the 2002 international planning competition . this paper describes the features of shop2 which enabled it to excel in the competition , especially those aspects of shop2 that deal with temporal and metric planning domains .←
→ designing competent mutation operators via probabilistic model building of neighborhoods ; this paper presents a competent selectomutative genetic algorithm ( ga ), that adapts linkage and solves hard problems quickly , reliably , and accurately . a probabilistic model building process is used to automatically identify key building blocks ( bbs ) of the search problem . the mutation operator uses the probabilistic model of linkage groups to find the best among competing building blocks . the competent selectomutat ←
→ learning features for offline handwritten signature verification using deep convolutional neural networks ; verifying the identity of a person using handwritten signatures is challenging in the presence of skilled forgeries , where a forger has access to a person ' s signature and deliberately attempt to imitate it . in offline ( static ) signature verification , the dynamic information of the signature writing process is lost , and it is difficult to design good feature extractors that can distinguish genuine si ←
→ random hinge forest for differentiable learning ; we propose random hinge forests , a simple , efficient , and novel variant of decision forests . importantly , random hinge forests can be readily incorporated as a general component within arbitrary computation graphs that are optimized end - to - end with stochastic gradient descent or variants thereof . we derive random hinge forest and ferns , focusing on their sparse and efficient nature , their min - max margin property , strategies to initialize them for arbitrary n ←
→ methods to integrate a language model with semantic information for a word prediction component ; most current word prediction systems make use of n - gram language models ( lm ) to estimate the probability of the following word in a phrase . in the past years there have been many attempts to enrich such language models with further syntactic or semantic information . we want to explore the predictive powers of latent semantic analysis ( lsa ), a method that has been shown to provide reliable information on long -←
→ sgpn : similarity group proposal network for 3d point cloud instance segmentation ; we introduce similarity group proposal network ( sgpn ), a simple and intuitive deep learning framework for 3d object instance segmentation on point clouds . sgpn uses a single network to predict point grouping proposals and a corresponding semantic class for each proposal , from which we can directly extract instance segmentation results . important to the effectiveness of sgpn is its novel representation of 3d instance segment ←
→ an unsupervised approach for overlapping cervical cell cytoplasm segmentation ; the poor contrast and the overlapping of cervical cell cytoplasm are the major issues in the accurate segmentation of cervical cell cytoplasm . this paper presents an automated unsupervised cytoplasm segmentation approach which can effectively find the cytoplasm boundaries in overlapping cells . the proposed approach first segments the cell clumps from the cervical smear image and detects the nuclei in each cell clump . a modifie ←
→ structured parallel programming for monte carlo tree search ; in this paper , we present a new algorithm for parallel monte carlo tree search ( mcts ). it is based on the pipeline pattern and allows flexible management of the control flow of the operations in parallel mcts . the pipeline pattern provides for the first structured parallel programming approach to mcts . moreover , we propose a new lock - free tree data structure for parallel mcts which removes synchronization overhead . the pipeline pattern for parall ←
→ stein variational gradient descent : a general purpose bayesian inference algorithm ; we propose a general purpose variational inference algorithm that forms a natural counterpart of gradient descent for optimization . our method iteratively transports a set of particles to match the target distribution , by applying a form of functional gradient descent that minimizes the kl divergence . empirical studies are performed on various real world models and datasets , on which our method is competitive with existin ←
→ a fully end - to - end deep learning approach for real - time simultaneous 3d reconstruction and material recognition ; this paper addresses the problem of simultaneous 3d reconstruction and material recognition and segmentation . enabling robots to recognise different materials ( concrete , metal etc .) in a scene is important for many tasks , e . g . robotic interventions in nuclear decommissioning . previous work on 3d semantic reconstruction has predominantly focused on recognition of everyday domestic objects ( tabl ←
→ towards a heuristic categorization of prepositional phrases in english with wordnet ; this document discusses an approach and its rudimentary realization towards automatic classification of pps ; the topic , that has not received as much attention in nlp as nps and vps . the approach is a rule - based heuristics outlined in several levels of our research . there are 7 semantic categories of pps considered in this document that we are able to classify from an annotated corpus .←
→ pca - based out - of - sample extension for dimensionality reduction ; dimensionality reduction methods are very common in the field of high dimensional data analysis . typically , algorithms for dimensionality reduction are computationally expensive . therefore , their applications for the analysis of massive amounts of data are impractical . for example , repeated computations due to accumulated data are computationally prohibitive . in this paper , an out - of - sample extension scheme , which is used as a complementary me ←
→ constrained approximate maximum entropy learning of markov random fields ; parameter estimation in markov random fields ( mrfs ) is a difficult task , in which inference over the network is run in the inner loop of a gradient descent procedure . replacing exact inference with approximate methods such as loopy belief propagation ( lbp ) can suffer from poor convergence . in this paper , we provide a different approach for combining mrf learning and bethe approximation . we consider the dual of maximum likelihood mark ←
→ geometry of graph edit distance spaces ; in this paper we study the geometry of graph spaces endowed with a special class of graph edit distances . the focus is on geometrical results useful for statistical pattern recognition . the main result is the graph representation theorem . it states that a graph is a point in some geometrical space , called orbit space . orbit spaces are well investigated and easier to explore than the original graph space . we derive a number of geometrical results from the orbit space ←
→ spatial and angular resolution enhancement of light fields using convolutional neural networks ; light field imaging extends the traditional photography by capturing both spatial and angular distribution of light , which enables new capabilities , including post - capture refocusing , post - capture aperture control , and depth estimation from a single shot . micro - lens array ( mla ) based light field cameras offer a cost - effective approach to capture light field . a major drawback of mla based light field cameras is ←
→ genegan : learning object transfiguration and attribute subspace from unpaired data ; object transfiguration replaces an object in an image with another object from a second image . for example it can perform tasks like " putting exactly those eyeglasses from image a on the nose of the person in image b ". usage of exemplar images allows more precise specification of desired modifications and improves the diversity of conditional image generation . however , previous methods that rely on feature space operation ←
→ marginal likelihood based model comparison in fuzzy bayesian learning ; in a recent paper [ 1 ] we introduced the fuzzy bayesian learning ( fbl ) paradigm where expert opinions can be encoded in the form of fuzzy rule bases and the hyper - parameters of the fuzzy sets can be learned from data using a bayesian approach . the present paper extends this work for selecting the most appropriate rule base among a set of competing alternatives , which best explains the data , by calculating the model evidence or marginal l ←
→ ansig - an analytic signature for arbitrary 2d shapes ( or bags of unlabeled points ) ; in image analysis , many tasks require representing two - dimensional ( 2d ) shape , often specified by a set of 2d points , for comparison purposes . the challenge of the representation is that it must not only capture the characteristics of the shape but also be invariant to relevant transformations . invariance to geometric transformations , such as translation , rotation , and scale , has received attention in the past , usually u ←
→ flexible high - dimensional classification machines and their asymptotic properties ; classification is an important topic in statistics and machine learning with great potential in many real applications . in this paper , we investigate two popular large margin classification methods , support vector machine ( svm ) and distance weighted discrimination ( dwd ), under two contexts : the high - dimensional , low - sample size data and the imbalanced data . a unified family of classification machines , the flexible assortme ←
→ algorithmic theories of everything ; the probability distribution p from which the history of our universe is sampled represents a theory of everything or toe . we assume p is formally describable . since most ( uncountably many ) distributions are not , this imposes a strong inductive bias . we show that p ( x ) is small for any universe x lacking a short description , and study the spectrum of toes spanned by two ps , one reflecting the most compact constructive descriptions , the other the fastest way of computing e ←
→ automatic detection of cyberbullying in social media text ; while social media offer great communication opportunities , they also increase the vulnerability of young people to threatening situations online . recent studies report that cyberbullying constitutes a growing problem among youngsters . successful prevention depends on the adequate detection of potentially harmful messages and the information overload on the web requires intelligent systems to identify potential risks automatically . the focus of thi ←
→ fly out - smarts man ; precopulatory courtship is a high - cost , non - well understood animal world mystery . drosophila ' s (= d .' s ) precopulatory courtship not only shows marked structural similarities with mammalian courtship , but also with human spoken language . this suggests the study of purpose , modalities and in particular of the power of this language and to compare it to human language . following a mathematical symbolic dynamics approach , we translate courtship videos of d .' s body language into a formal lang ←
→ sparse estimation with strongly correlated variables using ordered weighted l1 regularization ; this paper studies ordered weighted l1 ( owl ) norm regularization for sparse estimation problems with strongly correlated variables . we prove sufficient conditions for clustering based on the correlation / colinearity of variables using the owl norm , of which the so - called oscar is a particular case . our results extend previous ones for oscar in several ways : for the squared error loss , our conditions hold for the ←
→ learning hawkes processes from short doubly - censored event sequences ; many real - world applications require robust algorithms to learn point processes based on a type of incomplete data --- the so - called short doubly - censored ( sdc ) event sequences . we study this critical problem of quantitative asynchronous event sequence analysis under the framework of hawkes processes by leveraging the idea of data synthesis . given sdc event sequences observed in a variety of time intervals , we propose a sampling - stitchin ←
→ the lifted matrix - space model for semantic composition ; recent advances in tree structured sentence encoding models have shown that explicitly modeling syntax can help handle compositionality . more specifically , recent works by \ citetext { socher2012 }, \ citetext { socher2013 }, and \ citetext { chen2013 } have shown that using more powerful composition functions with multiplicative interactions within tree - structured models can yield significant improvements in model performance . however , existing compositional app ←
→ linear dimensionality reduction : survey , insights , and generalizations ; linear dimensionality reduction methods are a cornerstone of analyzing high dimensional data , due to their simple geometric interpretations and typically attractive computational properties . these methods capture many data features of interest , such as covariance , dynamical structure , correlation between data sets , input - output relationships , and margin between data classes . methods have been developed with a variety of names and motiv ←
→ ideas by statistical mechanics ( ism ) ; ideas by statistical mechanics ( ism ) is a generic program to model evolution and propagation of ideas / patterns throughout populations subjected to endogenous and exogenous interactions . the program is based on the author ' s work in statistical mechanics of neocortical interactions ( smni ), and uses the author ' s adaptive simulated annealing ( asa ) code for optimizations of training sets , as well as for importance - sampling to apply the author ' s copula financial risk - managem ←
→ using machine learning to make constraint solver implementation decisions ; programs to solve so - called constraint problems are complex pieces of software which require many design decisions to be made more or less arbitrarily by the implementer . these decisions affect the performance of the finished solver significantly . once a design decision has been made , it cannot easily be reversed , although a different decision may be more appropriate for a particular problem . we investigate using machine learnin ←
→ approximate cross - validation formula for bayesian linear regression ; cross - validation ( cv ) is a technique for evaluating the ability of statistical models / learning systems based on a given data set . despite its wide applicability , the rather heavy computational cost can prevent its use as the system size grows . to resolve this difficulty in the case of bayesian linear regression , we develop a formula for evaluating the leave - one - out cv error approximately without actually performing cv . the usefulness of t ←
→ learning rational stochastic languages ; given a finite set of words w1 ,..., wn independently drawn according to a fixed unknown distribution law p called a stochastic language , an usual goal in grammatical inference is to infer an estimate of p in some class of probabilistic models , such as probabilistic automata ( pa ). here , we study the class of rational stochastic languages , which consists in stochastic languages that can be generated by multiplicity automata ( ma ) and which strictly includes the class of ←
→ reducing over - clustering via the powered chinese restaurant process ; dirichlet process mixture ( dpm ) models tend to produce many small clusters regardless of whether they are needed to accurately characterize the data - this is particularly true for large data sets . however , interpretability , parsimony , data storage and communication costs all are hampered by having overly many clusters . we propose a powered chinese restaurant process to limit this kind of problem and penalize over clustering . the method i ←
→ exploring heritability of functional brain networks with inexact graph matching ; data - driven brain parcellations aim to provide a more accurate representation of an individual ' s functional connectivity , since they are able to capture individual variability that arises due to development or disease . this renders comparisons between the emerging brain connectivity networks more challenging , since correspondences between their elements are not preserved . unveiling these correspondences is of major importanc ←
→ numerical sensitivity and efficiency in the treatment of epistemic and aleatory uncertainty ; the treatment of both aleatory and epistemic uncertainty by recent methods often requires an high computational effort . in this abstract , we propose a numerical sampling method allowing to lighten the computational burden of treating the information by means of so - called fuzzy random variables .←
→ learned watershed : end - to - end learning of seeded segmentation ; learned boundary maps are known to outperform hand - crafted ones as a basis for the watershed algorithm . we show , for the first time , how to train watershed computation jointly with boundary map prediction . the estimator for the merging priorities is cast as a neural network that is con - volutional ( over space ) and recurrent ( over iterations ). the latter allows learning of complex shape priors . the method gives the best known seeded segmentatio ←
→ a morphology - aware network for morphological disambiguation ; agglutinative languages such as turkish , finnish and hungarian require morphological disambiguation before further processing due to the complex morphology of words . a morphological disambiguator is used to select the correct morphological analysis of a word . morphological disambiguation is important because it generally is one of the first steps of natural language processing and its performance affects subsequent analyses . in this paper , we pro ←
→ online learning : sufficient statistics and the burkholder method ; we uncover a fairly general principle in online learning : if regret can be ( approximately ) expressed as a function of certain " sufficient statistics " for the data sequence , then there exists a special burkholder function that 1 ) can be used algorithmically to achieve the regret bound and 2 ) only depends on these sufficient statistics , not the entire data sequence , so that the online strategy is only required to keep the sufficient statistics ←
→ to drop or not to drop : robustness , consistency and differential privacy properties of dropout ; training deep belief networks ( dbns ) requires optimizing a non - convex function with an extremely large number of parameters . naturally , existing gradient descent ( gd ) based methods are prone to arbitrarily poor local minima . in this paper , we rigorously show that such local minima can be avoided ( upto an approximation error ) by using the dropout technique , a widely used heuristic in this domain . in particular ,←
→ dense rgb - d semantic mapping with pixel - voxel neural network ; for intelligent robotics applications , extending 3d mapping to 3d semantic mapping enables robots to , not only localize themselves with respect to the scene ' s geometrical features but also simultaneously understand the higher level meaning of the scene contexts . most previous methods focus on geometric 3d reconstruction and scene understanding independently notwithstanding the fact that joint estimation can boost the accuracy of the semantic map ←
→ provable algorithms for inference in topic models ; recently , there has been considerable progress on designing algorithms with provable guarantees -- typically using linear algebraic methods -- for parameter learning in latent variable models . but designing provable algorithms for inference has proven to be more challenging . here we take a first step towards provable inference in topic models . we leverage a property of topic models that enables us to construct simple linear estimators for the unknown topic ←
→ eclectic extraction of propositional rules from neural networks ; artificial neural network is among the most popular algorithm for supervised learning . however , neural networks have a well - known drawback of being a " black box " learner that is not comprehensible to the users . this lack of transparency makes it unsuitable for many high risk tasks such as medical diagnosis that requires a rational justification for making a decision . rule extraction methods attempt to curb this limitation by extracting compre ←
→ approximate deduction in single evidential bodies ; results on approximate deduction in the context of the calculus of evidence of dempster - shafer and the theory of interval probabilities are reported . approximate conditional knowledge about the truth of conditional propositions was assumed available and expressed as sets of possible values ( actually numeric intervals ) of conditional probabilities . under different interpretations of this conditional knowledge , several formulas were produced to integrate unc ←
→ disagreement - based combinatorial pure exploration : efficient algorithms and an analysis with localization ; we design new algorithms for the combinatorial pure exploration problem in the multi - arm bandit framework . in this problem , we are given k distributions and a collection of subsets $\ mathcal { v } \ subset 2 ^ k $ of these distributions , and we would like to find the subset $ v \ in \ mathcal { v }$ that has largest cumulative mean , while collecting , in a sequential fashion , as few samples from the distributions ←
→ conditional image - text embedding networks ; this paper presents an approach for grounding phrases in images which jointly learns multiple text - conditioned embeddings in a single end - to - end model . in order to differentiate text phrases into semantically distinct subspaces , we propose a concept weight branch that automatically assigns phrases to embeddings , whereas prior works predefine such assignments . our proposed solution simplifies the representation requirements for individual embeddings and allows the ←
→ handwritten bangla alphabet recognition using an mlp based classifier ; the work presented here involves the design of a multi layer perceptron ( mlp ) based classifier for recognition of handwritten bangla alphabet using a 76 element feature set bangla is the second most popular script and language in the indian subcontinent and the fifth most popular language in the world . the feature set developed for representing handwritten characters of bangla alphabet includes 24 shadow features , 16 centroid features a ←
→ introduction to formal concept analysis and its applications in information retrieval and related fields ; this paper is a tutorial on formal concept analysis ( fca ) and its applications . fca is an applied branch of lattice theory , a mathematical discipline which enables formalisation of concepts as basic units of human thinking and analysing data in the object - attribute form . originated in early 80s , during the last three decades , it became a popular human - centred tool for knowledge representation and dat ←
→ general phase regularized reconstruction using phase cycling ; purpose : to develop a general phase regularized image reconstruction method , with applications to partial fourier imaging , water - fat imaging and flow imaging . theory and methods : the problem of enforcing phase constraints in reconstruction was studied under a regularized inverse problem framework . a general phase regularized reconstruction algorithm was proposed to enable various joint reconstruction of partial fourier imaging , water - fat imagi ←
→ a neural architecture for generating natural language descriptions from source code changes ; we propose a model to automatically describe changes introduced in the source code of a program using natural language . our method receives as input a set of code commits , which contains both the modifications and message introduced by an user . these two modalities are used to train an encoder - decoder architecture . we evaluated our approach on twelve real world open source projects from four different programming ←
→ a dataset for computer - aided detection of pulmonary embolism in cta images ; todays , researchers in the field of pulmonary embolism ( pe ) analysis need to use a publicly available dataset to assess and compare their methods . different systems have been designed for the detection of pulmonary embolism ( pe ), but none of them have used any public datasets . all papers have used their own private dataset . in order to fill this gap , we have collected 5160 slices of computed tomography angiography ( cta ) images ac ←
→ temporal logic programs with variables ; in this note we consider the problem of introducing variables in temporal logic programs under the formalism of " temporal equilibrium logic " ( tel ), an extension of answer set programming ( asp ) for dealing with linear - time modal operators . to this aim , we provide a definition of a first - order version of tel that shares the syntax of first - order linear - time temporal logic ( ltl ) but has a different semantics , selecting some ltl models we call " temporal stable models ". t ←
→ a hybrid both filter and wrapper feature selection method for microarray classification ; gene expression data is widely used in disease analysis and cancer diagnosis . however , since gene expression data could contain thousands of genes simultaneously , successful microarray classification is rather difficult . feature selection is an important pre - treatment for any classification process . selecting a useful gene subset as a classifier not only decreases the computational time and cost , but also increases c ←
→ toward an integrated framework for automated development and optimization of online advertising campaigns ; creating and monitoring competitive and cost - effective pay - per - click advertisement campaigns through the web - search channel is a resource demanding task in terms of expertise and effort . assisting or even automating the work of an advertising specialist will have an unrivaled commercial value . in this paper we propose a methodology , an architecture , and a fully functional framework for semi - and ful ←
→ learning the correction for multi - path deviations in time - of - flight cameras ; the multipath effect in time - of - flight ( tof ) cameras still remains to be a challenging problem that hinders further processing of 3d data information . based on the evidence from previous literature , we explored the possibility of using machine learning techniques to correct this effect . firstly , we created two new datasets of of tof images rendered via tof simulator of luxrender . these two datasets contain corners in multiple ori ←
→ finding consensus bayesian network structures ; suppose that multiple experts ( or learning algorithms ) provide us with alternative bayesian network ( bn ) structures over a domain , and that we are interested in combining them into a single consensus bn structure . specifically , we are interested in that the consensus bn structure only represents independences all the given bn structures agree upon and that it has as few parameters associated as possible . in this paper , we prove that there may exist several non ←
→ experiment segmentation in scientific discourse as clause - level structured prediction using recurrent neural networks ; we propose a deep learning model for identifying structure within experiment narratives in scientific literature . we take a sequence labeling approach to this problem , and label clauses within experiment narratives to identify the different parts of the experiment . our dataset consists of paragraphs taken from open access pubmed papers labeled with rhetorical information as a result of o ←
→ balancing two - player stochastic games with soft q - learning ; within the context of video games the notion of perfectly rational agents can be undesirable as it leads to uninteresting situations , where humans face tough adversarial decision makers . current frameworks for stochastic games and reinforcement learning prohibit tuneable strategies as they seek optimal performance . in this paper , we enable such tuneable behaviour by generalising soft q - learning to stochastic games , where more than one agent intera ←
→ sldnfa - system ; the sldnfa - system results from the lp + project at the k . u . leuven , which investigates logics and proof procedures for these logics for declarative knowledge representation . within this project inductive definition logic ( id - logic ) is used as representation logic . different solvers are being developed for this logic and one of these is sldnfa . a prototype of the system is available and used for investigating how to solve efficiently problems represented in id - logic .←
→ an iterative shrinkage approach to total - variation image restoration ; the problem of restoration of digital images from their degraded measurements plays a central role in a multitude of practically important applications . a particularly challenging instance of this problem occurs in the case when the degradation phenomenon is modeled by an ill - conditioned operator . in such a case , the presence of noise makes it impossible to recover a valuable approximation of the image of interest without using some a pr ←
→ efficient gradient - based inference through transformations between bayes nets and neural nets ; hierarchical bayesian networks and neural networks with stochastic hidden units are commonly perceived as two separate types of models . we show that either of these types of models can often be transformed into an instance of the other , by switching between centered and differentiable non - centered parameterizations of the latent variables . the choice of parameterization greatly influences the efficiency of grad ←
→ affine differential invariants for invariant feature point detection ; image feature points are detected as pixels which locally maximize a detector function , two commonly used examples of which are the ( euclidean ) image gradient and the harris - stephens corner detector . a major limitation of these feature detectors are that they are only euclidean - invariant . in this work we demonstrate the application of a 2d affine - invariant image feature point detector based on differential invariants as derived through t ←
→ a comprehensive survey of deep learning in remote sensing : theories , tools and challenges for the community ; in recent years , deep learning ( dl ), a re - branding of neural networks ( nns ), has risen to the top in numerous areas , namely computer vision ( cv ), speech recognition , natural language processing , etc . whereas remote sensing ( rs ) possesses a number of unique challenges , primarily related to sensors and applications , inevitably rs draws from many of the same theories as cv ; e . g ., statistics , fusion , ←
→ a tutorial on conformal prediction ; conformal prediction uses past experience to determine precise levels of confidence in new predictions . given an error probability $\ epsilon $, together with a method that makes a prediction $\ hat { y }$ of a label $ y $, it produces a set of labels , typically containing $\ hat { y }$, that also contains $ y $ with probability $ 1 -\ epsilon $. conformal prediction can be applied to any method for producing $\ hat { y }$: a nearest - neighbor method , a support - vector machine , ridge regression ←
→ the ibm 2016 english conversational telephone speech recognition system ; we describe a collection of acoustic and language modeling techniques that lowered the word error rate of our english conversational telephone lvcsr system to a record 6 . 6 % on the switchboard subset of the hub5 2000 evaluation testset . on the acoustic side , we use a score fusion of three strong models : recurrent nets with maxout activations , very deep convolutional nets with 3x3 kernels , and bidirectional long short - term memory nets w ←
→ matrix factorisation with linear filters ; this text investigates relations between two well - known family of algorithms , matrix factorisations and recursive linear filters , by describing a probabilistic model in which approximate inference corresponds to a matrix factorisation algorithm . using the probabilistic model , we derive a matrix factorisation algorithm as a recursive linear filter . more precisely , we derive a matrix - variate recursive linear filter in order to perform efficient inference in high dime ←
→ dual - reference face retrieval ; face retrieval has received much attention over the past few decades , and many efforts have been made in retrieving face images against pose , illumination , and expression variations . however , the conventional works fail to meet the requirements of a potential and novel task --- retrieving a person ' s face image at a specific age , especially when the specific ' age ' is not given as a numeral , i . e . ' retrieving someone ' s image at the similar age period shown by another person ' s im ←
→ stage 4 validation of the satellite image automatic mapper lightweight computer program for earth observation level 2 product generation , part 1 theory ; the european space agency ( esa ) defines an earth observation ( eo ) level 2 product as a multispectral ( ms ) image corrected for geometric , atmospheric , adjacency and topographic effects , stacked with its scene classification map ( scm ), whose legend includes quality layers such as cloud and cloud - shadow . no esa eo level 2 product has ever been systematica ←
→ dynamic time - aware attention to speaker roles and contexts for spoken language understanding ; spoken language understanding ( slu ) is an essential component in conversational systems . most slu component treats each utterance independently , and then the following components aggregate the multi - turn information in the separate phases . in order to avoid error propagation and effectively utilize contexts , prior work leveraged history for contextual slu . however , the previous model only paid attention to the c ←
→ mcmc assisted by belief propagaion ; markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) and belief propagation ( bp ) are the most popular algorithms for computational inference in graphical models ( gm ). in principle , mcmc is an exact probabilistic method which , however , often suffers from exponentially slow mixing . in contrast , bp is a deterministic method , which is typically fast , empirically very successful , however in general lacking control of accuracy over loopy graphs . in this paper , we introduce mcmc algorithms correcti ←
→ a fuzzy relation - based extension of reggia ' s relational model for diagnosis handling uncertain and incomplete information ; relational models for diagnosis are based on a direct description of the association between disorders and manifestations . this type of model has been specially used and developed by reggia and his co - workers in the late eighties as a basic starting point for approaching diagnosis problems . the paper proposes a new relational model which includes reggia ' s model as a particular case a ←
→ predicting popularity of online videos using support vector regression ; in this work , we propose a regression method to predict the popularity of an online video based on temporal and visual cues . our method uses support vector regression with gaussian radial basis functions . we show that modelling popularity patterns with this approach provides higher and more stable prediction results , mainly thanks to the non - linearity character of the proposed method as well as its resistance against overfitting . we co ←
→ on the benefit of combining neural , statistical and external features for fake news identification ; identifying the veracity of a news article is an interesting problem while automating this process can be a challenging task . detection of a news article as fake is still an open question as it is contingent on many factors which the current state - of - the - art models fail to incorporate . in this paper , we explore a subtask to fake news identification , and that is stance detection . given a news article , the t ←
→ show and tell : a neural image caption generator ; automatically describing the content of an image is a fundamental problem in artificial intelligence that connects computer vision and natural language processing . in this paper , we present a generative model based on a deep recurrent architecture that combines recent advances in computer vision and machine translation and that can be used to generate natural sentences describing an image . the model is trained to maximize the likelihood of the target descrip ←
→ full - page text recognition : learning where to start and when to stop ; text line detection and localization is a crucial step for full page document analysis , but still suffers from heterogeneity of real life documents . in this paper , we present a new approach for full page text recognition . localization of the text lines is based on regressions with fully convolutional neural networks and multidimensional long short - term memory as contextual layers . in order to increase the efficiency of this localization ←
→ 3d planar patch extraction from stereo using probabilistic region growing ; this article presents a novel 3d planar patch extraction method using a probabilistic region growing algorithm . our method works by simultaneously initiating multiple planar patches from seed points , the latter determined by an intensity - based 2d segmentation algorithm in the stereo - pair images . the patches are grown incrementally and in parallel as 3d scene points are considered for membership , using a probabilistic distance like ←
→ a novel scheme for generating secure face templates using bda ; in identity management system , frequently used biometric recognition system needs awareness towards issue of protecting biometric template as far as more reliable solution is apprehensive . in sight of this biometric template protection algorithm should gratify the basic requirements viz . security , discriminability and cancelability . as no single template protection method is capable of satisfying these requirements , a novel scheme for face temp ←
→ fast and simple optimization for poisson likelihood models ; poisson likelihood models have been prevalently used in imaging , social networks , and time series analysis . we propose fast , simple , theoretically - grounded , and versatile , optimization algorithms for poisson likelihood modeling . the poisson log - likelihood is concave but not lipschitz - continuous . since almost all gradient - based optimization algorithms rely on lipschitz - continuity , optimizing poisson likelihood models with a guarantee of convergence ←
→ asymmetric minwise hashing ; minwise hashing ( minhash ) is a widely popular indexing scheme in practice . minhash is designed for estimating set resemblance and is known to be suboptimal in many applications where the desired measure is set overlap ( i . e ., inner product between binary vectors ) or set containment . minhash has inherent bias towards smaller sets , which adversely affects its performance in applications where such a penalization is not desirable . in this paper , we propose asymmetric minwise hashing ←
→ asr context - sensitive error correction based on microsoft n - gram dataset ; at the present time , computers are employed to solve complex tasks and problems ranging from simple calculations to intensive digital image processing and intricate algorithmic optimization problems to computationally - demanding weather forecasting problems . asr short for automatic speech recognition is yet another type of computational problem whose purpose is to recognize human spoken speech and convert it into text that can be proc ←
→ bargaining for revenue shares on tree trading networks ; we study trade networks with a tree structure , where a seller with a single indivisible good is connected to buyers , each with some value for the good , via a unique path of intermediaries . agents in the tree make multiplicative revenue share offers to their parent nodes , who choose the best offer and offer part of it to their parent , and so on ; the winning path is determined by who finally makes the highest offer to the seller . in this paper , we inves ←
→ relevant knowledge first - reinforcement learning and forgetting in knowledge based configuration ; in order to solve complex configuration tasks in technical domains , various knowledge based methods have been developed . however their applicability is often unsuccessful due to their low efficiency . one of the reasons for this is that ( parts of the ) problems have to be solved again and again , instead of being " learnt " from preceding processes . however , learning processes bring with them the problem of cons ←
→ desat : an ssw tool for sdo / aia image de - saturation ; saturation affects a significant rate of images recorded by the atmospheric imaging assembly on the solar dynamics observatory . this paper describes a computational method and a technological pipeline for the de - saturation of such images , based on several mathematical ingredients like expectation maximization , image correlation and interpolation . an analysis of the computational properties and demands of the pipeline , together with an assessment of its re ←
→ learning classifiers from synthetic data using a multichannel autoencoder ; we propose a method for using synthetic data to help learning classifiers . synthetic data , even is generated based on real data , normally results in a shift from the distribution of real data in feature space . to bridge the gap between the real and synthetic data , and jointly learn from synthetic and real data , this paper proposes a multichannel autoencoder ( mcae ). we show that by suing mcae , it is possible to learn a better featur ←
→ a feature - based classification technique for answering multi - choice world history questions ; our frdc_qa team participated in the qa - lab english subtask of the ntcir - 11 . in this paper , we describe our system for solving real - world university entrance exam questions , which are related to world history . wikipedia is used as the main external resource for our system . since problems with choosing right / wrong sentence from multiple sentence choices account for about two - thirds of the total , we individually de ←
→ flow segmentation in dense crowds ; a framework is proposed in this paper that is used to segment flow of dense crowds . the flow field that is generated by the movement in the crowd is treated just like an aperiodic dynamic system . on this flow field a grid of particles is put over for particle advection by the use of a numerical integration scheme . then flow maps are generated which associates the initial position of the particles with final position . the gradient of the flow maps gives the amount of diver ←
→ high order structure descriptors for scene images ; structure information is ubiquitous in natural scene images and it plays an important role in scene representation . in this paper , third order structure statistics ( toss ) and fourth order structure statistics ( foss ) are exploited to encode higher order structure information . afterwards , based on the radial and normal slice of toss and foss , we propose the high order structure feature : third order structure feature ( tosf ) and fourth order structure feature ←
→ streaming kernel principal component analysis ; kernel principal component analysis ( kpca ) provides a concise set of basis vectors which capture non - linear structures within large data sets , and is a central tool in data analysis and learning . to allow for non - linear relations , typically a full $ n \ times n $ kernel matrix is constructed over $ n $ data points , but this requires too much space and time for large values of $ n $. techniques such as the nystr \" om method and random feature maps can help towards this ←
→ filter characteristics in image decomposition with singular spectrum analysis ; singular spectrum analysis is developed as a nonparametric spectral decomposition of a time series . it can be easily extended to the decomposition of multidimensional lattice - like data through the filtering interpretation . in this viewpoint , the singular spectrum analysis can be understood as the adaptive and optimal generation of the filters and their two - step point - symmetric operation to the original data . in this paper , we ←
→ on optimistic versus randomized exploration in reinforcement learning ; we discuss the relative merits of optimistic and randomized approaches to exploration in reinforcement learning . optimistic approaches presented in the literature apply an optimistic boost to the value estimate at each state - action pair and select actions that are greedy with respect to the resulting optimistic value function . randomized approaches sample from among statistically plausible value functions and select actions that are gre ←
→ network morphism ; we present in this paper a systematic study on how to morph a well - trained neural network to a new one so that its network function can be completely preserved . we define this as \ emph { network morphism } in this research . after morphing a parent network , the child network is expected to inherit the knowledge from its parent network and also has the potential to continue growing into a more powerful one with much shortened training time . the first requirement for this network morphism is it ←
→ is hamming distance the only way for matching binary image feature descriptors ? ; brute force matching of binary image feature descriptors is conventionally performed using the hamming distance . this paper assesses the use of alternative metrics in order to see whether they can produce feature correspondences that yield more accurate homography matrices . two statistical tests , namely anova ( analysis of variance ) and mcnemar ' s test were employed for evaluation . results show that jackard - needham and dice me ←
→ dimension correction for hierarchical latent class models ; model complexity is an important factor to consider when selecting among graphical models . when all variables are observed , the complexity of a model can be measured by its standard dimension , i . e . the number of independent parameters . when hidden variables are present , however , standard dimension might no longer be appropriate . one should instead use effective dimension ( geiger et al . 1996 ). this paper is concerned with the computation of effectiv ←
→ easy - setup eye movement recording system for human - computer interaction ; tracking the movement of human eyes is expected to yield natural and convenient applications based on human - computer interaction ( hci ). to implement an effective eye - tracking system , eye movements must be recorded without placing any restriction on the user ' s behavior or user discomfort . this paper describes an eye movement recording system that offers free - head , simple configuration . it does not require the user to wear anything on h ←
→ multi - task learning for contextual bandits ; contextual bandits are a form of multi - armed bandit in which the agent has access to predictive side information ( known as the context ) for each arm at each time step , and have been used to model personalized news recommendation , ad placement , and other applications . in this work , we propose a multi - task learning framework for contextual bandit problems . like multi - task learning in the batch setting , the goal is to leverage similarities in contexts for different ←
→ recurrent neural networks for polyphonic sound event detection in real life recordings ; in this paper we present an approach to polyphonic sound event detection in real life recordings based on bi - directional long short term memory ( blstm ) recurrent neural networks ( rnns ). a single multilabel blstm rnn is trained to map acoustic features of a mixture signal consisting of sounds from multiple classes , to binary activity indicators of each event class . our method is tested on a large database of real - life ←
→ label distribution based facial attractiveness computation by deep residual learning ; two challenges lie in the facial attractiveness computation research : the lack of true attractiveness labels ( scores ), and the lack of an accurate face representation . in order to address the first challenge , this paper recasts facial attractiveness computation as a label distribution learning ( ldl ) problem rather than a traditional single - label supervised learning task . in this way , the negative influence of the label ←
→ horn : a system for parallel training and regularizing of large - scale neural networks ; i introduce a new distributed system for effective training and regularizing of large - scale neural networks on distributed computing architectures . the experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of flexible model partitioning and parallelization strategies based on neuron - centric computation model , with an implementation of the collective and parallel dropout neural networks training . experiments are performed on mnist h ←
→ a step towards procedural terrain generation with gans ; procedural terrain generation for video games has been traditionally been done with smartly designed but handcrafted algorithms that generate heightmaps . we propose a first step toward the learning and synthesis of these using recent advances in deep generative modelling with openly available satellite imagery from nasa .←
→ look who ' s talking : bipartite networks as representations of a topic model of new zealand parliamentary speeches ; quantitative methods to measure the participation to parliamentary debate and discourse of elected members of parliament ( mps ) and the parties they belong to are lacking . this is an exploratory study in which we propose the development of a new approach for a quantitative analysis of such participation . we utilize the new zealand government ' s digital hansard database to construct a topic mode ←
→ deep nonparametric estimation of discrete conditional distributions via smoothed dyadic partitioning ; we present an approach to deep estimation of discrete conditional probability distributions . such models have several applications , including generative modeling of audio , image , and video data . our approach combines two main techniques : dyadic partitioning and graph - based smoothing of the discrete space . by recursively decomposing each dimension into a series of binary splits and smoothing over the resu ←
→ churn prediction in mobile social games : towards a complete assessment using survival ensembles ; reducing user attrition , i . e . churn , is a broad challenge faced by several industries . in mobile social games , decreasing churn is decisive to increase player retention and rise revenues . churn prediction models allow to understand player loyalty and to anticipate when they will stop playing a game . thanks to these predictions , several initiatives can be taken to retain those players who are more likely to ch ←
→ identifying metaphor hierarchies in a corpus analysis of finance articles ; using a corpus of over 17 , 000 financial news reports ( involving over 10m words ), we perform an analysis of the argument - distributions of the up - and down - verbs used to describe movements of indices , stocks , and shares . using measures of the overlap in the argument distributions of these verbs and k - means clustering of their distributions , we advance evidence for the proposal that the metaphors referred to by these verbs are organi ←
→ deep spectral descriptors : learning the point - wise correspondence metric via siamese deep neural networks ; a robust and informative local shape descriptor plays an important role in mesh registration . in this regard , spectral descriptors that are based on the spectrum of the laplace - beltrami operator have gained a spotlight among the researchers for the last decade due to their desirable properties , such as isometry invariance . despite such , however , spectral descriptors often fail to give a correct simi ←
→ isometric multi - manifolds learning ; isometric feature mapping ( isomap ) is a promising manifold learning method . however , isomap fails to work on data which distribute on clusters in a single manifold or manifolds . many works have been done on extending isomap to multi - manifolds learning . in this paper , we first proposed a new multi - manifolds learning algorithm ( m - isomap ) with help of a general procedure . the new algorithm preserves intra - manifold geodesics and multiple inter - manifolds edges precisely . comp ←
→ non - normal mixtures of experts ; mixture of experts ( moe ) is a popular framework for modeling heterogeneity in data for regression , classification and clustering . for continuous data which we consider here in the context of regression and cluster analysis , moe usually use normal experts , that is , expert components following the gaussian distribution . however , for a set of data containing a group or groups of observations with asymmetric behavior , heavy tails or atypical observations , the use of normal exper ←
→ unl based bangla natural text conversion - predicate preserving parser approach ; universal networking language ( unl ) is a declarative formal language that is used to represent semantic data extracted from natural language texts . this paper presents a novel approach to converting bangla natural language text into unl using a method known as predicate preserving parser ( ppp ) technique . ppp performs morphological , syntactic and semantic , and lexical analysis of text synchronously . this analysis produces a s ←
→ recovering pca from hybrid -$(\ ell_1 ,\ ell_2 )$ sparse sampling of data elements ; this paper addresses how well we can recover a data matrix when only given a few of its elements . we present a randomized algorithm that element - wise sparsifies the data , retaining only a few its elements . our new algorithm independently samples the data using sampling probabilities that depend on both the squares ($\ ell_2 $ sampling ) and absolute values ($\ ell_1 $ sampling ) of the entries . we prove that the hybrid algorithm rec ←
→ mesh learning for classifying cognitive processes ; a relatively recent advance in cognitive neuroscience has been multi - voxel pattern analysis ( mvpa ), which enables researchers to decode brain states and / or the type of information represented in the brain during a cognitive operation . mvpa methods utilize machine learning algorithms to distinguish among types of information or cognitive states represented in the brain , based on distributed patterns of neural activity . in the current investigation , we propo ←
→ ontology alignment at the instance and schema level ; we present paris , an approach for the automatic alignment of ontologies . paris aligns not only instances , but also relations and classes . alignments at the instance - level cross - fertilize with alignments at the schema - level . thereby , our system provides a truly holistic solution to the problem of ontology alignment . the heart of the approach is probabilistic . this allows paris to run without any parameter tuning . we demonstrate the efficiency of the algor ←
→ clustering with outlier removal ; cluster analysis and outlier detection are strongly coupled tasks in data mining area . cluster structure can be easily destroyed by few outliers ; on the contrary , the outliers are defined by the concept of cluster , which are recognized as the points belonging to none of the clusters . however , most existing studies handle them separately . in light of this , we consider the joint cluster analysis and outlier detection problem , and propose the clustering with outlier removal ( c ←
→ graphs and colorings for answer set programming ; we investigate the usage of rule dependency graphs and their colorings for characterizing and computing answer sets of logic programs . this approach provides us with insights into the interplay between rules when inducing answer sets . we start with different characterizations of answer sets in terms of totally colored dependency graphs that differ in graph - theoretical aspects . we then develop a series of operational characterizations of answer sets in terms ←
→ joint registration and synthesis using a probabilistic model for alignment of mri and histological sections ; nonlinear registration of 2d histological sections with corresponding slices of mri data is a critical step of 3d histology reconstruction . this task is difficult due to the large differences in image contrast and resolution , as well as the complex nonrigid distortions produced when sectioning the sample and mounting it on the glass slide . it has been shown in brain mri registration that better sp ←
→ learning pose grammar to encode human body configuration for 3d pose estimation ; in this paper , we propose a pose grammar to tackle the problem of 3d human pose estimation . our model directly takes 2d pose as input and learns a generalized 2d - 3d mapping function . the proposed model consists of a base network which efficiently captures pose - aligned features and a hierarchy of bi - directional rnns ( brnn ) on the top to explicitly incorporate a set of knowledge regarding human body configuration ( i . e ., kinema ←
→ towards big topic modeling ; to solve the big topic modeling problem , we need to reduce both time and space complexities of batch latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) algorithms . although parallel lda algorithms on the multi - processor architecture have low time and space complexities , their communication costs among processors often scale linearly with the vocabulary size and the number of topics , leading to a serious scalability problem . to reduce the communication complexity among processors for a better sca ←
→ generating and estimating nonverbal alphabets for situated and multimodal communications ; in this paper , we discuss the formalized approach for generating and estimating symbols ( and alphabets ), which can be communicated by the wide range of non - verbal means based on specific user requirements ( medium , priorities , type of information that needs to be conveyed ). the short characterization of basic terms and parameters of such symbols ( and alphabets ) with approaches to generate them are given . then the fra ←
→ stochastic generative hashing ; learning - based binary hashing has become a powerful paradigm for fast search and retrieval in massive databases . however , due to the requirement of discrete outputs for the hash functions , learning such functions is known to be very challenging . in addition , the objective functions adopted by existing hashing techniques are mostly chosen heuristically . in this paper , we propose a novel generative approach to learn hash functions through minimum description length principle su ←
→ a piece of my mind : a sentiment analysis approach for online dispute detection ; we investigate the novel task of online dispute detection and propose a sentiment analysis solution to the problem : we aim to identify the sequence of sentence - level sentiments expressed during a discussion and to use them as features in a classifier that predicts the dispute / non - dispute label for the discussion as a whole . we evaluate dispute detection approaches on a newly created corpus of wikipedia talk page disputes and ←
→ graph partition strategies for generalized mean field inference ; an autonomous variational inference algorithm for arbitrary graphical models requires the ability to optimize variational approximations over the space of model parameters as well as over the choice of tractable families used for the variational approximation . in this paper , we present a novel combination of graph partitioning algorithms with a generalized mean field ( gmf ) inference algorithm . this combination optimizes over disjoint clusteri ←
→ modelling domain relationships for transfer learning on retrieval - based question answering systems in e - commerce ; in this paper , we study transfer learning for the pi and nli problems , aiming to propose a general framework , which can effectively and efficiently adapt the shared knowledge learned from a resource - rich source domain to a resource - poor target domain . specifically , since most existing transfer learning methods only focus on learning a shared feature space across domains while ignoring the re ←
→ the enhanced hybrid mobilenet ; although complicated and deep neural network models can achieve high accuracy of image recognition , they require huge amount of computations and parameters and are not suitable for mobile and embedded devices . as a result , mobilenet was proposed , which can reduce the amount of parameters and computational cost dramatically . in this paper , we propose two different methods to improve mobilenet , which are based on adjusting two hyper - parameters width multiplier and depth multipl ←
→ ts - lstm and temporal - inception : exploiting spatiotemporal dynamics for activity recognition ; recent two - stream deep convolutional neural networks ( convnets ) have made significant progress in recognizing human actions in videos . despite their success , methods extending the basic two - stream convnet have not systematically explored possible network architectures to further exploit spatiotemporal dynamics within video sequences . further , such networks often use different baseline two - stream networks . therefo ←
→ comparative opinion mining : a review ; opinion mining refers to the use of natural language processing , text analysis and computational linguistics to identify and extract subjective information in textual material . opinion mining , also known as sentiment analysis , has received a lot of attention in recent times , as it provides a number of tools to analyse the public opinion on a number of different topics . comparative opinion mining is a subfield of opinion mining that deals with identifying and extracting ←
→ probabilistic line searches for stochastic optimization ; in deterministic optimization , line searches are a standard tool ensuring stability and efficiency . where only stochastic gradients are available , no direct equivalent has so far been formulated , because uncertain gradients do not allow for a strict sequence of decisions collapsing the search space . we construct a probabilistic line search by combining the structure of existing deterministic methods with notions from bayesian optimization . our method ←
→ active clustering with model - based uncertainty reduction ; semi - supervised clustering seeks to augment traditional clustering methods by incorporating side information provided via human expertise in order to increase the semantic meaningfulness of the resulting clusters . however , most current methods are \ emph { passive } in the sense that the side information is provided beforehand and selected randomly . this may require a large number of constraints , some of which could be redundant , unnecessary , or even de ←
→ the statistical inefficiency of sparse coding for images ( or , one gabor to rule them all ) ; sparse coding is a proven principle for learning compact representations of images . however , sparse coding by itself often leads to very redundant dictionaries . with images , this often takes the form of similar edge detectors which are replicated many times at various positions , scales and orientations . an immediate consequence of this observation is that the estimation of the dictionary components is not statistic ←
→ simultaneous matrix diagonalization for structural brain networks classification ; this paper considers the problem of brain disease classification based on connectome data . a connectome is a network representation of a human brain . the typical connectome classification problem is very challenging because of the small sample size and high dimensionality of the data . we propose to use simultaneous approximate diagonalization of adjacency matrices in order to compute their eigenstructures in more stable way ←
→ data augmentation for low - resource neural machine translation ; the quality of a neural machine translation system depends substantially on the availability of sizable parallel corpora . for low - resource language pairs this is not the case , resulting in poor translation quality . inspired by work in computer vision , we propose a novel data augmentation approach that targets low - frequency words by generating new sentence pairs containing rare words in new , synthetically created contexts . experimental results o ←
→ probabilistic hybrid action models for predicting concurrent percept - driven robot behavior ; this article develops probabilistic hybrid action models ( phams ), a realistic causal model for predicting the behavior generated by modern percept - driven robot plans . phams represent aspects of robot behavior that cannot be represented by most action models used in ai planning : the temporal structure of continuous control processes , their non - deterministic effects , several modes of their interferences , and the ach ←
→ incremental dimension reduction of tensors with random index ; we present an incremental , scalable and efficient dimension reduction technique for tensors that is based on sparse random linear coding . data is stored in a compactified representation with fixed size , which makes memory requirements low and predictable . component encoding and decoding are performed on - line without computationally expensive re - analysis of the data set . the range of tensor indices can be extended dynamically without modifying th ←
→ deepiso : a deep learning model for peptide feature detection ; liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry ( lc - ms / ms ) based proteomics is a well - established research field with major applications such as identification of disease biomarkers , drug discovery , drug design and development . in proteomics , protein identification and quantification is a fundamental task , which is done by first enzymatically digesting it into peptides , and then analyzing peptides by lc - ms / ms instruments . the peptide feature ←
→ robot vision architecture for autonomous clothes manipulation ; this paper presents a novel robot vision architecture for perceiving generic 3d clothes configurations . our architecture is hierarchically structured , starting from low - level curvatures , across mid - level geometric shapes \& topology descriptions ; and finally approaching high - level semantic surface structure descriptions . we demonstrate our robot vision architecture in a customised dual - arm industrial robot with our self - designed , off - the - self s ←
→ exploring the effectiveness of convolutional neural networks for answer selection in end - to - end question answering ; most work on natural language question answering today focuses on answer selection : given a candidate list of sentences , determine which contains the answer . although important , answer selection is only one stage in a standard end - to - end question answering pipeline . this paper explores the effectiveness of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for answer selection in an end - to - end context us ←
→ roget ' s thesaurus : a lexical resource to treasure ; this paper presents the steps involved in creating an electronic lexical knowledge base from the 1987 penguin edition of roget ' s thesaurus . semantic relations are labelled with the help of wordnet . the two resources are compared in a qualitative and quantitative manner . differences in the organization of the lexical material are discussed , as well as the possibility of merging both resources .←
→ empirical evaluation of rectified activations in convolutional network ; in this paper we investigate the performance of different types of rectified activation functions in convolutional neural network : standard rectified linear unit ( relu ), leaky rectified linear unit ( leaky relu ), parametric rectified linear unit ( prelu ) and a new randomized leaky rectified linear units ( rrelu ). we evaluate these activation function on standard image classification task . our experiments suggest that incorporating a non - z ←
→ image denoising assessment using anisotropic stack filtering ; in this paper we propose a measure of anisotropy as a quality parameter to estimate the amount of noise in noisy images . the anisotropy of an image can be determined through a directional measure , using an appropriate statistical distribution of the information contained in the image . this new measure is achieved through a stack filtering paradigm . first , we define a local directional entropy , based on the distribution of 0 ' s and 1 ' s in the neig ←
→ design and development of artificial neural networking ( ann ) system using sigmoid activation function to predict annual rice production in tamilnadu ; prediction of annual rice production in all the 31 districts of tamilnadu is an important decision for the government of tamilnadu . rice production is a complex process and non linear problem involving soil , crop , weather , pest , disease , capital , labour and management parameters . ann software was designed and developed with feed forward back propagation (←
→ nonlinear functional mapping of the human brain ; the field of neuroimaging has truly become data rich , and novel analytical methods capable of gleaning meaningful information from large stores of imaging data are in high demand . those methods that might also be applicable on the level of individual subjects , and thus potentially useful clinically , are of special interest . in the present study , we introduce just such a method , called nonlinear functional mapping ( nfm ), and demonstrate its application in the ←
→ parallel tracking and verifying ; being intensively studied , visual object tracking has witnessed great advances in either speed ( e . g ., with correlation filters ) or accuracy ( e . g ., with deep features ). real - time and high accuracy tracking algorithms , however , remain scarce . in this paper we study the problem from a new perspective and present a novel parallel tracking and verifying ( ptav ) framework , by taking advantage of the ubiquity of multi - thread techniques and borrowing ideas from the success of parall ←
→ deep learning for video classification and captioning ; accelerated by the tremendous increase in internet bandwidth and storage space , video data has been generated , published and spread explosively , becoming an indispensable part of today ' s big data . in this paper , we focus on reviewing two lines of research aiming to stimulate the comprehension of videos with deep learning : video classification and video captioning . while video classification concentrates on automatically labeling video clips based on th ←
→ a bayesian approach toward active learning for collaborative filtering ; collaborative filtering is a useful technique for exploiting the preference patterns of a group of users to predict the utility of items for the active user . in general , the performance of collaborative filtering depends on the number of rated examples given by the active user . the more the number of rated examples given by the active user , the more accurate the predicted ratings will be . active learning provides an effective way to ac ←
→ pattern - based constraint satisfaction and logic puzzles ; pattern - based constraint satisfaction and logic puzzles develops a pure logic , pattern - based perspective of solving the finite constraint satisfaction problem ( csp ), with emphasis on finding the " simplest " solution . different ways of reasoning with the constraints are formalised by various families of " resolution rules ", each of them carrying its own notion of simplicity . a large part of the book illustrates the power of the approach by applying it t ←
→ change of word types to word tokens ratio in the course of translation ( based on russian translations of k . vonnegut novels ) ; the article provides lexical statistical analysis of k . vonnegut ' s two novels and their russian translations . it is found out that there happen some changes between the speed of word types and word tokens ratio change in the source and target texts . the author hypothesizes that these changes are typical for english - russian translations , and moreover , they represent an example of b ←
→ branching gaussian processes with applications to spatiotemporal reconstruction of 3d trees ; we propose a robust method for estimating dynamic 3d curvilinear branching structure from monocular images . while 3d reconstruction from images has been widely studied , estimating thin structure has received less attention . this problem becomes more challenging in the presence of camera error , scene motion , and a constraint that curves are attached in a branching structure . we propose a new general - purpose prior ,←
→ generating music medleys via playing music puzzle games ; generating music medleys is about finding an optimal permutation of a given set of music clips . toward this goal , we propose a self - supervised learning task , called the music puzzle game , to train neural network models to learn the sequential patterns in music . in essence , such a game requires machines to correctly sort a few multisecond music fragments . in the training stage , we learn the model by sampling multiple non - overlapping fragment pairs fro ←
→ positive semi - definite embedding for dimensionality reduction and out - of - sample extensions ; in machine learning or statistics , it is often desirable to reduce the dimensionality of high dimensional data . we propose to obtain the low dimensional embedding coordinates as the eigenvectors of a positive semi - definite kernel matrix . this kernel matrix is the solution of a semi - definite program promoting a low rank solution and defined with the help of a diffusion kernel . besides , we also discuss an infinite d ←
→ the biological concept of neoteny in evolutionary colour image segmentation - simple experiments in simple non - memetic genetic algorithms ; neoteny , also spelled paedomorphosis , can be defined in biological terms as the retention by an organism of juvenile or even larval traits into later life . in some species , all morphological development is retarded ; the organism is juvenilized but sexually mature . such shifts of reproductive capability would appear to have adaptive significance to organisms that exhib ←
→ semiparametric spectral modeling of the drosophila connectome ; we present semiparametric spectral modeling of the complete larval drosophila mushroom body connectome . motivated by a thorough exploratory data analysis of the network via gaussian mixture modeling ( gmm ) in the adjacency spectral embedding ( ase ) representation space , we introduce the latent structure model ( lsm ) for network modeling and inference . lsm is a generalization of the stochastic block model ( sbm ) and a special case of the random dot ←
→ a generative modeling approach to limited channel ecg classification ; processing temporal sequences is central to a variety of applications in health care , and in particular multi - channel electrocardiogram ( ecg ) is a highly prevalent diagnostic modality that relies on robust sequence modeling . while recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) have led to significant advances in automated diagnosis with time - series data , they perform poorly when models are trained using a limited set of channels . a crucial limitation ←
→ knowledge projection for deep neural networks ; while deeper and wider neural networks are actively pushing the performance limits of various computer vision and machine learning tasks , they often require large sets of labeled data for effective training and suffer from extremely high computational complexity . in this paper , we will develop a new framework for training deep neural networks on datasets with limited labeled samples using cross - network knowledge projection which is able to improve the network ←
→ fast dempster - shafer clustering using a neural network structure ; in this article we study a problem within dempster - shafer theory where 2 ** n - 1 pieces of evidence are clustered by a neural structure into n clusters . the clustering is done by minimizing a metaconflict function . previously we developed a method based on iterative optimization . however , for large scale problems we need a method with lower computational complexity . the neural structure was found to be effective and much faster than iterative ←
→ a simple algorithm for semi - supervised learning with improved generalization error bound ; in this work , we develop a simple algorithm for semi - supervised regression . the key idea is to use the top eigenfunctions of integral operator derived from both labeled and unlabeled examples as the basis functions and learn the prediction function by a simple linear regression . we show that under appropriate assumptions about the integral operator , this approach is able to achieve an improved regression error bound ←
→ gaussian process optimization in the bandit setting : no regret and experimental design ; many applications require optimizing an unknown , noisy function that is expensive to evaluate . we formalize this task as a multi - armed bandit problem , where the payoff function is either sampled from a gaussian process ( gp ) or has low rkhs norm . we resolve the important open problem of deriving regret bounds for this setting , which imply novel convergence rates for gp optimization . we analyze gp - ucb , an intuitive uppe ←
→ face detection with effective feature extraction ; there is an abundant literature on face detection due to its important role in many vision applications . since viola and jones proposed the first real - time adaboost based face detector , haar - like features have been adopted as the method of choice for frontal face detection . in this work , we show that simple features other than haar - like features can also be applied for training an effective face detector . since , single feature is not discriminative enough t ←
→ on the combinality of evidence in the dempster - shafer theory ; in the current versions of the dempster - shafer theory , the only essential restriction on the validity of the rule of combination is that the sources of evidence must be statistically independent . under this assumption , it is permissible to apply the dempster - shafer rule to two or mere distinct probability distributions .←
→ detection is the central problem in real - word spelling correction ; real - word spelling correction differs from non - word spelling correction in its aims and its challenges . here we show that the central problem in real - word spelling correction is detection . methods from non - word spelling correction , which focus instead on selection among candidate corrections , do not address detection adequately , because detection is either assumed in advance or heavily constrained . as we demonstrate in this paper , merely di ←
→ exploiting local features from deep networks for image retrieval ; deep convolutional neural networks have been successfully applied to image classification tasks . when these same networks have been applied to image retrieval , the assumption has been made that the last layers would give the best performance , as they do in classification . we show that for instance - level image retrieval , lower layers often perform better than the last layers in convolutional neural networks . we present an approach for extract ←
→ variational optimization of annealing schedules ; annealed importance sampling ( ais ) is a common algorithm to estimate partition functions of useful stochastic models . one important problem for obtaining accurate ais estimates is the selection of an annealing schedule . conventionally , an annealing schedule is often determined heuristically or is simply set as a linearly increasing sequence . in this paper , we propose an algorithm for the optimal schedule by deriving a functional that dominates the ais estima ←
→ learning a machine for the decision in a partially observable markov universe ; in this paper , we are interested in optimal decisions in a partially observable markov universe . our viewpoint departs from the dynamic programming viewpoint : we are directly approximating an optimal strategic tree depending on the observation . this approximation is made by means of a parameterized probabilistic law . in this paper , a particular family of hidden markov models , with input and output , is considered as a learning ←
→ translation of patent sentences with a large vocabulary of technical terms using neural machine translation ; neural machine translation ( nmt ), a new approach to machine translation , has achieved promising results comparable to those of traditional approaches such as statistical machine translation ( smt ). despite its recent success , nmt cannot handle a larger vocabulary because training complexity and decoding complexity proportionally increase with the number of target words . this problem becomes even mo ←
→ conic scan - and - cover algorithms for nonparametric topic modeling ; we propose new algorithms for topic modeling when the number of topics is unknown . our approach relies on an analysis of the concentration of mass and angular geometry of the topic simplex , a convex polytope constructed by taking the convex hull of vertices representing the latent topics . our algorithms are shown in practice to have accuracy comparable to a gibbs sampler in terms of topic estimation , which requires the number of topics be gi ←
→ design , development and implementation of a tool for construction of declarative functional descriptions of semantic web services based on wsmo methodology ; semantic web services ( sws ) are self - contained , self - describing , semantically marked - up software resources that can be published , discovered , composed and executed across the web in a semi - automatic way . they are a key component of the future semantic web , in which networked computer programs become providers and users of information at the same ti ←
→ deep edge - aware saliency detection ; there has been profound progress in visual saliency thanks to the deep learning architectures , however , there still exist three major challenges that hinder the detection performance for scenes with complex compositions , multiple salient objects , and salient objects of diverse scales . in particular , output maps of the existing methods remain low in spatial resolution causing blurred edges due to the stride and pooling operations , networks often neglect descriptive statis ←
→ end - user construction of influence diagrams for bayesian statistics ; influence diagrams are ideal knowledge representations for bayesian statistical models . however , these diagrams are difficult for end users to interpret and to manipulate . we present a user - based architecture that enables end users to create and to manipulate the knowledge representation . we use the problem of physicians ' interpretation of two - arm parallel randomized clinical trials ( taprct ) to illustrate the architecture and its use . the ←
→ autodial : automatic domain alignment layers ; classifiers trained on given databases perform poorly when tested on data acquired in different settings . this is explained in domain adaptation through a shift among distributions of the source and target domains . attempts to align them have traditionally resulted in works reducing the domain shift by introducing appropriate loss terms , measuring the discrepancies between source and target distributions , in the objective function . here we take a different route ←
→ feature hashing for large scale multitask learning ; empirical evidence suggests that hashing is an effective strategy for dimensionality reduction and practical nonparametric estimation . in this paper we provide exponential tail bounds for feature hashing and show that the interaction between random subspaces is negligible with high probability . we demonstrate the feasibility of this approach with experimental results for a new use case -- multitask learning with hundreds of thousands of tasks .←
→ compound rank - k projections for bilinear analysis ; in many real - world applications , data are represented by matrices or high - order tensors . despite the promising performance , the existing two - dimensional discriminant analysis algorithms employ a single projection model to exploit the discriminant information for projection , making the model less flexible . in this paper , we propose a novel compound rank - k projection ( crp ) algorithm for bilinear analysis . crp deals with matrices directly without transforming ←
→ oct segmentation survey and summary reviews and a novel 3d segmentation algorithm and a proof of concept implementation ; we overview the existing oct work , especially the practical aspects of it . we create a novel algorithm for 3d oct segmentation with the goals of speed and / or accuracy while remaining flexible in the design and implementation for future extensions and improvements . the document at this point is a running draft being iteratively " developed " as a progress report as the work and survey adv ←
→ backbone fragility and the local search cost peak ; the local search algorithm wsat is one of the most successful algorithms for solving the satisfiability ( sat ) problem . it is notably effective at solving hard random 3 - sat instances near the so - called ` satisfiability threshold ', but still shows a peak in search cost near the threshold and large variations in cost over different instances . we make a number of significant contributions to the analysis of wsat on high - cost random instances , using the recently ←
→ modelling time evolving interactions in networks through a non stationary extension of stochastic block models ; in this paper , we focus on the stochastic block model ( sbm ), a probabilistic tool describing interactions between nodes of a network using latent clusters . the sbm assumes that the networkhas a stationary structure , in which connections of time varying intensity are not taken into account . in other words , interactions between two groups are forced to have the same features during the whole obser ←
→ steering output style and topic in neural response generation ; we propose simple and flexible training and decoding methods for influencing output style and topic in neural encoder - decoder based language generation . this capability is desirable in a variety of applications , including conversational systems , where successful agents need to produce language in a specific style and generate responses steered by a human puppeteer or external knowledge . we decompose the neural generation process into empiricall ←
→ bib2vec : an embedding - based search system for bibliographic information ; we propose a novel embedding model that represents relationships among several elements in bibliographic information with high representation ability and flexibility . based on this model , we present a novel search system that shows the relationships among the elements in the acl anthology reference corpus . the evaluation results show that our model can achieve a high prediction ability and produce reasonable search results .←
→ institutional metaphors for designing large - scale distributed ai versus ai techniques for running institutions ; artificial intelligence ( ai ) started out with an ambition to reproduce the human mind , but , as the sheer scale of that ambition became apparent , quickly retreated into either studying specialized intelligent behaviours , or proposing overarching architectural concepts for interfacing specialized intelligent behaviour components , conceived of as agents in a kind of organization . this agent - based ←
→ projection - free online optimization with stochastic gradient : from convexity to submodularity ; online optimization has been a successful framework for solving large - scale problems under computational constraints and partial information . current methods for online convex optimization require either a projection or exact gradient computation at each step , both of which can be prohibitively expensive for large - scale applications . at the same time , there is a growing trend of non - convex optimization in machi ←
→ a dirty model for multiple sparse regression ; sparse linear regression -- finding an unknown vector from linear measurements -- is now known to be possible with fewer samples than variables , via methods like the lasso . we consider the multiple sparse linear regression problem , where several related vectors -- with partially shared support sets -- have to be recovered . a natural question in this setting is whether one can use the sharing to further decrease the overall number of samples required . a line of ←
→ distinguishing cause and effect via second order exponential models ; we propose a method to infer causal structures containing both discrete and continuous variables . the idea is to select causal hypotheses for which the conditional density of every variable , given its causes , becomes smooth . we define a family of smooth densities and conditional densities by second order exponential models , i . e ., by maximizing conditional entropy subject to first and second statistical moments . if some of the variables ta ←
→ theoretical impediments to machine learning with seven sparks from the causal revolution ; current machine learning systems operate , almost exclusively , in a statistical , or model - free mode , which entails severe theoretical limits on their power and performance . such systems cannot reason about interventions and retrospection and , therefore , cannot serve as the basis for strong ai . to achieve human level intelligence , learning machines need the guidance of a model of reality , similar to the ones used in c ←
→ streaming algorithm for euler characteristic curves of multidimensional images ; we present an efficient algorithm to compute euler characteristic curves of gray scale images of arbitrary dimension . in various applications the euler characteristic curve is used as a descriptor of an image . our algorithm is the first streaming algorithm for euler characteristic curves . the usage of streaming removes the necessity to store the entire image in ram . experiments show that our implementation handles terabyte ←
→ some hci priorities for gdpr - compliant machine learning ; in this short paper , we consider the roles of hci in enabling the better governance of consequential machine learning systems using the rights and obligations laid out in the recent 2016 eu general data protection regulation ( gdpr )--- a law which involves heavy interaction with people and systems . focussing on those areas that relate to algorithmic systems in society , we propose roles for hci in legal contexts in relation to fairness , bias and discrim ←
→ composition properties of inferential privacy for time - series data ; with the proliferation of mobile devices and the internet of things , developing principled solutions for privacy in time series applications has become increasingly important . while differential privacy is the gold standard for database privacy , many time series applications require a different kind of guarantee , and a number of recent works have used some form of inferential privacy to address these situations . however , a major barrier ←
→ knowledge embedding and retrieval strategies in an informledge system ; informledge system ( ils ) is a knowledge network with autonomous nodes and intelligent links that integrate and structure the pieces of knowledge . in this paper , we put forward the strategies for knowledge embedding and retrieval in an ils . ils is a powerful knowledge network system dealing with logical storage and connectivity of information units to form knowledge using autonomous nodes and multi - lateral links . in ils , the autonomous n ←
→ equilibrated adaptive learning rates for non - convex optimization ; parameter - specific adaptive learning rate methods are computationally efficient ways to reduce the ill - conditioning problems encountered when training large deep networks . following recent work that strongly suggests that most of the critical points encountered when training such networks are saddle points , we find how considering the presence of negative eigenvalues of the hessian could help us design better suited adaptive learning rate sc ←
→ intelligence in artificial intelligence ; the elusive quest for intelligence in artificial intelligence prompts us to consider that instituting human - level intelligence in systems may be ( still ) in the realm of utopia . in about a quarter century , we have witnessed the winter of ai ( 1990 ) being transformed and transported to the zenith of tabloid fodder about ai ( 2015 ). the discussion at hand is about the elements that constitute the canonical idea of intelligence . the delivery of intelligence as a pay - per - u ←
→ exploring the similarity of medical imaging classification problems ; supervised learning is ubiquitous in medical image analysis . in this paper we consider the problem of meta - learning -- predicting which methods will perform well in an unseen classification problem , given previous experience with other classification problems . we investigate the first step of such an approach : how to quantify the similarity of different classification problems . we characterize datasets sampled from six classification prob ←
→ optic disc and cup segmentation methods for glaucoma detection with modification of u - net convolutional neural network ; glaucoma is the second leading cause of blindness all over the world , with approximately 60 million cases reported worldwide in 2010 . if undiagnosed in time , glaucoma causes irreversible damage to the optic nerve leading to blindness . the optic nerve head examination , which involves measurement of cup - to - disc ratio , is considered one of the most valuable methods of structural diagnosis ←
→ why bother with syntax ? ; this short note discusses the role of syntax vs . semantics and the interplay between logic , philosophy , and language in computer science and game theory .←
→ optimistic initialization and greediness lead to polynomial time learning in factored mdps - extended version ; in this paper we propose an algorithm for polynomial - time reinforcement learning in factored markov decision processes ( fmdps ). the factored optimistic initial model ( foim ) algorithm , maintains an empirical model of the fmdp in a conventional way , and always follows a greedy policy with respect to its model . the only trick of the algorithm is that the model is initialized optimistically . we prov ←
→ ais - inmaca : a novel integrated maca based clonal classifier for protein coding and promoter region prediction ; most of the problems in bioinformatics are now the challenges in computing . this paper aims at building a classifier based on multiple attractor cellular automata ( maca ) which uses fuzzy logic . it is strengthened with an artificial immune system technique ( ais ), clonal algorithm for identifying a protein coding and promoter region in a given dna sequence . the proposed classifier is named as ais -←
→ insights into analogy completion from the biomedical domain ; analogy completion has been a popular task in recent years for evaluating the semantic properties of word embeddings , but the standard methodology makes a number of assumptions about analogies that do not always hold , either in recent benchmark datasets or when expanding into other domains . through an analysis of analogies in the biomedical domain , we identify three assumptions : that of a single answer for any given analogy , that the pairs involv ←
→ explainable entity - based recommendations with knowledge graphs ; explainable recommendation is an important task . many methods have been proposed which generate explanations from the content and reviews written for items . when review text is unavailable , generating explanations is still a hard problem . in this paper , we illustrate how explanations can be generated in such a scenario by leveraging external knowledge in the form of knowledge graphs . our method jointly ranks items and knowledge graph entities ←
→ regularity of position sequences ; a person is given a numbered sequence of positions on a sheet of paper . the person is asked , " which will be the next ( or the next after that ) position ?" everyone has an opinion as to how he or she would proceed . there are regular sequences for which there is general agreement on how to continue . however , there are less regular sequences for which this assessment is less certain . there are sequences for which every continuation is perceived to be arbitrary . i would like to ←
→ simulated annealing : rigorous finite - time guarantees for optimization on continuous domains ; simulated annealing is a popular method for approaching the solution of a global optimization problem . existing results on its performance apply to discrete combinatorial optimization where the optimization variables can assume only a finite set of possible values . we introduce a new general formulation of simulated annealing which allows one to guarantee finite - time performance in the optimization of functions o ←
→ learning multi - level features for sensor - based human action recognition ; this paper proposes a multi - level feature learning framework for human action recognition using a single body - worn inertial sensor . the framework consists of three phases , respectively designed to analyze signal - based ( low - level ), components ( mid - level ) and semantic ( high - level ) information . low - level features capture the time and frequency domain property while mid - level representations learn the composition of the action . the max - ma ←
→ direct multitype cardiac indices estimation via joint representation and regression learning ; cardiac indices estimation is of great importance during identification and diagnosis of cardiac disease in clinical routine . however , estimation of multitype cardiac indices with consistently reliable and high accuracy is still a great challenge due to the high variability of cardiac structures and complexity of temporal dynamics in cardiac mr sequences . while efforts have been devoted into cardiac volumes esti ←
→ simultaneous hand pose and skeleton bone - lengths estimation from a single depth image ; articulated hand pose estimation is a challenging task for human - computer interaction . the state - of - the - art hand pose estimation algorithms work only with one or a few subjects for which they have been calibrated or trained . particularly , the hybrid methods based on learning followed by model fitting or model based deep learning do not explicitly consider varying hand shapes and sizes . in this work , we introduce a nove ←
→ automated pattern detection -- an algorithm for constructing optimally synchronizing multi - regular language filters ; in the computational - mechanics structural analysis of one - dimensional cellular automata the following automata - theoretic analogue of the \ emph { change - point problem } from time series analysis arises : \ emph { given a string $\ sigma $ and a collection $\{\ mc { d } _i \}$ of finite automata , identify the regions of $\ sigma $ that belong to each $\ mc { d } _i $ and , in particular , the boundaries separating the ←
→ cccp algorithms to minimize the bethe free energy of 3 - sat problem ; the k - sat problem is a prototypical constraint satisfaction problem . there are many algorithms to study k - sat problem , bp algorithm is famous one of them . but bp algorithm does not converge when $\ alpha $( constraint density ) is bigger than some threshold value . in this paper we use cccp ( concave convex procedure ) algorithm to study 3 - sat problem and we get better results than bp algorithm that cccp algorithm still converges when bp algorithm ←
→ semi - supervised conditional gans ; we introduce a new model for building conditional generative models in a semi - supervised setting to conditionally generate data given attributes by adapting the gan framework . the proposed semi - supervised gan ( ss - gan ) model uses a pair of stacked discriminators to learn the marginal distribution of the data , and the conditional distribution of the attributes given the data respectively . in the semi - supervised setting , the marginal distribution ( which is often harder to lea ←
→ recursive autoconvolution for unsupervised learning of convolutional neural networks ; in visual recognition tasks , such as image classification , unsupervised learning exploits cheap unlabeled data and can help to solve these tasks more efficiently . we show that the recursive autoconvolution operator , adopted from physics , boosts existing unsupervised methods by learning more discriminative filters . we take well established convolutional neural networks and train their filters layer - wise . in addition , bas ←
→ modeling missing data in clinical time series with rnns ; we demonstrate a simple strategy to cope with missing data in sequential inputs , addressing the task of multilabel classification of diagnoses given clinical time series . collected from the pediatric intensive care unit ( picu ) at children ' s hospital los angeles , our data consists of multivariate time series of observations . the measurements are irregularly spaced , leading to missingness patterns in temporally discretized sequences . while these artifa ←
→ how slow is slow ? sfa detects signals that are slower than the driving force ; slow feature analysis ( sfa ) is a method for extracting slowly varying driving forces from quickly varying nonstationary time series . we show here that it is possible for sfa to detect a component which is even slower than the driving force itself ( e . g . the envelope of a modulated sine wave ). it is shown that it depends on circumstances like the embedding dimension , the time series predictability , or the base frequency , whether ←
→ towards automating the generation of derivative nouns in sanskrit by simulating panini ; about 1115 rules in astadhyayi from a . 4 . 1 . 76 to a . 5 . 4 . 160 deal with generation of derivative nouns , making it one of the largest topical sections in astadhyayi , called as the taddhita section owing to the head rule a . 4 . 1 . 76 . this section is a systematic arrangement of rules that enumerates various affixes that are used in the derivation under specific semantic relations . we propose a system that automates the process ←
→ feedforward and recurrent neural networks backward propagation and hessian in matrix form ; in this paper we focus on the linear algebra theory behind feedforward ( fnn ) and recurrent ( rnn ) neural networks . we review backward propagation , including backward propagation through time ( bptt ). also , we obtain a new exact expression for hessian , which represents second order effects . we show that for $ t $ time steps the weight gradient can be expressed as a rank -$ t $ matrix , while the weight hessian is as a sum o ←
→ unsupervised topic modeling approaches to decision summarization in spoken meetings ; we present a token - level decision summarization framework that utilizes the latent topic structures of utterances to identify " summary - worthy " words . concretely , a series of unsupervised topic models is explored and experimental results show that fine - grained topic models , which discover topics at the utterance - level rather than the document - level , can better identify the gist of the decision - making process . moreover , ou ←
→ demand prediction and placement optimization for electric vehicle charging stations ; effective placement of charging stations plays a key role in electric vehicle ( ev ) adoption . in the placement problem , given a set of candidate sites , an optimal subset needs to be selected with respect to the concerns of both ( a ) the charging station service provider , such as the demand at the candidate sites and the budget for deployment , and ( b ) the ev user , such as charging station reachability and short waiting time ←
→ speech recognition front end without information loss ; speech representation and modelling in high - dimensional spaces of acoustic waveforms , or a linear transformation thereof , is investigated with the aim of improving the robustness of automatic speech recognition to additive noise . the motivation behind this approach is twofold : ( i ) the information in acoustic waveforms that is usually removed in the process of extracting low - dimensional features might aid robust recognition by virtue of structured redun ←
→ stochastic dynamic programming heuristics for influence maximization - revenue optimization ; the well - known influence maximization ( im ) problem has been actively studied by researchers over the past decade , with emphasis on marketing and social networks . existing research have obtained solutions to the im problem by obtaining the influence spread and utilizing the property of submodularity . this paper is based on a novel approach to the im problem geared towards optimizing clicks and consequently revenue w ←
→ a step from probabilistic programming to cognitive architectures ; probabilistic programming is considered as a framework , in which basic components of cognitive architectures can be represented in unified and elegant fashion . at the same time , necessity of adopting some component of cognitive architectures for extending capabilities of probabilistic programming languages is pointed out . in particular , implicit specification of generative models via declaration of concepts and links between them is proposed ←
→ short - term memory through persistent activity : evolution of self - stopping and self - sustaining activity in spiking neural networks ; memories in the brain are separated in two categories : short - term and long - term memories . long - term memories remain for a lifetime , while short - term ones exist from a few milliseconds to a few minutes . within short - term memory studies , there is debate about what neural structure could implement it . indeed , mechanisms responsible for long - term memories appear inadequate for th ←
→ embedding deep metric for person re - identication a study against large variations ; person re - identification is challenging due to the large variations of pose , illumination , occlusion and camera view . owing to these variations , the pedestrian data is distributed as highly - curved manifolds in the feature space , despite the current convolutional neural networks ( cnn )' s capability of feature extraction . however , the distribution is unknown , so it is difficult to use the geodesic distance when comparing two ←
→ graphlet - based lazy associative graph classification ; the paper addresses the graph classification problem and introduces a modification of the lazy associative classification method to efficiently handle intersections of graphs . graph intersections are approximated with all common subgraphs up to a fixed size similarly to what is done with graphlet kernels . we explain the idea of the algorithm with a toy example and describe our experiments with a predictive toxicology dataset .←
→ geodesic exponential kernels : when curvature and linearity conflict ; we consider kernel methods on general geodesic metric spaces and provide both negative and positive results . first we show that the common gaussian kernel can only be generalized to a positive definite kernel on a geodesic metric space if the space is flat . as a result , for data on a riemannian manifold , the geodesic gaussian kernel is only positive definite if the riemannian manifold is euclidean . this implies that any attempt to design ←
→ an artificial neural network to find correlation patterns in an arbitrary number of variables ; methods to find correlation among variables are of interest to many disciplines , including statistics , machine learning , ( big ) data mining and neurosciences . parameters that measure correlation between two variables are of limited utility when used with multiple variables . in this work , i propose a simple criterion to measure correlation among an arbitrary number of variables , based on a data set . the central i ←
→ a non - linear learning & classification algorithm that achieves full training accuracy with stellar classification accuracy ; a fast non - linear and non - iterative learning and classification algorithm is synthesized and validated . this algorithm named the " reverse ripple effect ( r . r . e )", achieves 100 % learning accuracy but is computationally expensive upon classification . the r . r . e is a ( deterministic ) algorithm that super imposes gaussian weighted functions on training points . in this work , the r . r . e algori ←
→ computing the stereo matching cost with a convolutional neural network ; we present a method for extracting depth information from a rectified image pair . we train a convolutional neural network to predict how well two image patches match and use it to compute the stereo matching cost . the cost is refined by cross - based cost aggregation and semiglobal matching , followed by a left - right consistency check to eliminate errors in the occluded regions . our stereo method achieves an error rate of 2 . 61 % on the ki ←
→ competing with strategies ; we study the problem of online learning with a notion of regret defined with respect to a set of strategies . we develop tools for analyzing the minimax rates and for deriving regret - minimization algorithms in this scenario . while the standard methods for minimizing the usual notion of regret fail , through our analysis we demonstrate existence of regret - minimization methods that compete with such sets of strategies as : autoregressive algorithms , strategies based on statistical mod ←
→ next generation business intelligence and analytics : a survey ; business intelligence and analytics ( bi & a ) is the process of extracting and predicting business - critical insights from data . traditional bi focused on data collection , extraction , and organization to enable efficient query processing for deriving insights from historical data . with the rise of big data and cloud computing , there are many challenges and opportunities for the bi . especially with the growing number of data sources , traditional bi \←
→ a survey of parallel a * ; a * is a best - first search algorithm for finding optimal - cost paths in graphs . a * benefits significantly from parallelism because in many applications , a * is limited by memory usage , so distributed memory implementations of a * that use all of the aggregate memory on the cluster enable problems that can not be solved by serial , single - machine implementations to be solved . we survey approaches to parallel a *, focusing on decentralized approaches to a * which partition the state space a ←
→ shallow updates for deep reinforcement learning ; deep reinforcement learning ( drl ) methods such as the deep q - network ( dqn ) have achieved state - of - the - art results in a variety of challenging , high - dimensional domains . this success is mainly attributed to the power of deep neural networks to learn rich domain representations for approximating the value function or policy . batch reinforcement learning methods with linear representations , on the other hand , are more stable and require less hyper parameter tun ←
→ evolving stochastic learning algorithm based on tsallis entropic index ; in this paper , inspired from our previous algorithm , which was based on the theory of tsallis statistical mechanics , we develop a new evolving stochastic learning algorithm for neural networks . the new algorithm combines deterministic and stochastic search steps by employing a different adaptive stepsize for each network weight , and applies a form of noise that is characterized by the nonextensive entropic index q , regulated by a weigh ←
→ personalized survival prediction with contextual explanation networks ; accurate and transparent prediction of cancer survival times on the level of individual patients can inform and improve patient care and treatment practices . in this paper , we design a model that concurrently learns to accurately predict patient - specific survival distributions and to explain its predictions in terms of patient attributes such as clinical tests or assessments . our model is flexible and based on a recurrent network , can h ←
→ semantic evolutionary concept distances for effective information retrieval in query expansion ; in this work several semantic approaches to concept - based query expansion and reranking schemes are studied and compared with different ontology - based expansion methods in web document search and retrieval . in particular , we focus on concept - based query expansion schemes , where , in order to effectively increase the precision of web document retrieval and to decrease the users browsing time , the main goal is to ←
→ poseidon : a system architecture for efficient gpu - based deep learning on multiple machines ; deep learning ( dl ) has achieved notable successes in many machine learning tasks . a number of frameworks have been developed to expedite the process of designing and training deep neural networks ( dnns ), such as caffe , torch and theano . currently they can harness multiple gpus on a single machine , but are unable to use gpus that are distributed across multiple machines ; as even average - sized dnns can take days to ←
→ planning , scheduling , and uncertainty in the sequence of future events ; scheduling in the factory setting is compounded by computational complexity and temporal uncertainty . together , these two factors guarantee that the process of constructing an optimal schedule will be costly and the chances of executing that schedule will be slight . temporal uncertainty in the task execution time can be offset by several methods : eliminate uncertainty by careful engineering , restore certainty whenever it is lost , reduc ←
→ training conditional random fields with natural gradient descent ; we propose a novel parameter estimation procedure that works efficiently for conditional random fields ( crf ). this algorithm is an extension to the maximum likelihood estimation ( mle ), using loss functions defined by bregman divergences which measure the proximity between the model expectation and the empirical mean of the feature vectors . this leads to a flexible training framework from which multiple update strategies can be derived using ←
→ robust periocular recognition by fusing sparse representations of color and geometry information ; in this paper , we propose a re - weighted elastic net ( ren ) model for biometric recognition . the new model is applied to data separated into geometric and color spatial components . the geometric information is extracted using a fast cartoon - texture decomposition model based on a dual formulation of the total variation norm allowing us to carry information about the overall geometry of images . color component ←
→ fast rates by transferring from auxiliary hypotheses ; in this work we consider the learning setting where , in addition to the training set , the learner receives a collection of auxiliary hypotheses originating from other tasks . we focus on a broad class of erm - based linear algorithms that can be instantiated with any non - negative smooth loss function and any strongly convex regularizer . we establish generalization and excess risk bounds , showing that , if the algorithm is fed with a good combination of sour ←
→ unsupervised domain adaptation for semantic segmentation with gans ; visual domain adaptation is a problem of immense importance in computer vision . previous approaches showcase the inability of even deep neural networks to learn informative representations across domain shift . this problem is more severe for tasks where acquiring hand labeled data is extremely hard and tedious . in this work , we focus on adapting the representations learned by segmentation networks across synthetic and real domains . contrar ←
→ the theory is predictive , but is it complete ? an application to human perception of randomness ; when we test a theory using data , it is common to focus on correctness : do the predictions of the theory match what we see in the data ? but we also care about completeness : how much of the predictable variation in the data is captured by the theory ? this question is difficult to answer , because in general we do not know how much " predictable variation " there is in the problem . in this paper , we consider approa ←
→ looking at discourse in a corpus : the role of lexical cohesion ; this paper is aimed at reporting on the development and application of a computer model for discourse analysis through segmentation . segmentation refers to the principled division of texts into contiguous constituents . other studies have looked at the application of a number of models to the analysis of discourse by computer . the segmentation procedure developed for the present investigation is called lsm (' link set median '). it was applied to ←
→ an efficient secure multimodal biometric fusion using palmprint and face image ; biometrics based personal identification is regarded as an effective method for automatically recognizing , with a high confidence a person ' s identity . a multimodal biometric systems consolidate the evidence presented by multiple biometric sources and typically better recognition performance compare to system based on a single biometric modality . this paper proposes an authentication method for a multimodal biometric system id ←
→ classsim : similarity between classes defined by misclassification ratios of trained classifiers ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have achieved exceptional performances in many tasks , particularly , in supervised classification tasks . however , achievements with supervised classification tasks are based on large datasets with well - separated classes . typically , real - world applications involve wild datasets that include similar classes ; thus , evaluating similarities between classes and understanding relations amo ←
→ gaussian process bandits with adaptive discretization ; in this paper , the problem of maximizing a black - box function $ f :\ mathcal { x } \ to \ mathbb { r }$ is studied in the bayesian framework with a gaussian process ( gp ) prior . in particular , a new algorithm for this problem is proposed , and high probability bounds on its simple and cumulative regret are established . the query point selection rule in most existing methods involves an exhaustive search over an increasingly fine sequence of uniform discretizations ←
→ weighted radial variation for node feature classification ; connections created from a node - edge matrix have been traditionally difficult to visualize and analyze because of the number of flows to be rendered in a limited feature or cartographic space . because analyzing connectivity patterns is useful for understanding the complex dynamics of human and information flow that connect non - adjacent space , techniques that allow for visual data mining or static representations of system dynamics are a growing fie ←
→ towards making high dimensional distance metric learning practical ; in this work , we study distance metric learning ( dml ) for high dimensional data . a typical approach for dml with high dimensional data is to perform the dimensionality reduction first before learning the distance metric . the main shortcoming of this approach is that it may result in a suboptimal solution due to the subspace removed by the dimensionality reduction method . in this work , we present a dual random projection frame for dml with ←
→ sparse principal component analysis for high dimensional vector autoregressive models ; we study sparse principal component analysis for high dimensional vector autoregressive time series under a doubly asymptotic framework , which allows the dimension $ d $ to scale with the series length $ t $. we treat the transition matrix of time series as a nuisance parameter and directly apply sparse principal component analysis on multivariate time series as if the data are independent . we provide explicit non - asymptot ←
→ extremely low bit neural network : squeeze the last bit out with admm ; although deep learning models are highly effective for various learning tasks , their high computational costs prohibit the deployment to scenarios where either memory or computational resources are limited . in this paper , we focus on compressing and accelerating deep models with network weights represented by very small numbers of bits , referred to as extremely low bit neural network . we model this problem as a discretely constrained opt ←
→ tilt : transform invariant low - rank textures ; in this paper , we show how to efficiently and effectively extract a class of " low - rank textures " in a 3d scene from 2d images despite significant corruptions and warping . the low - rank textures capture geometrically meaningful structures in an image , which encompass conventional local features such as edges and corners as well as all kinds of regular , symmetric patterns ubiquitous in urban environments and man - made objects . our approach to finding these low - rank ←
→ bandit online optimization over the permutahedron ; the permutahedron is the convex polytope with vertex set consisting of the vectors $(\ pi ( 1 ),\ dots , \ pi ( n ))$ for all permutations ( bijections ) $\ pi $ over $\{ 1 ,\ dots , n \}$. we study a bandit game in which , at each step $ t $, an adversary chooses a hidden weight weight vector $ s_t $, a player chooses a vertex $\ pi_t $ of the permutahedron and suffers an observed loss of $\ sum_ { i = 1 }^ n \ pi ( i ) s_t ( i )$. a previous algorithm combband of cesa - bianchi et al ( 2009 ) gu ←
→ deep frame interpolation ; this work presents a supervised learning based approach to the computer vision problem of frame interpolation . the presented technique could also be used in the cartoon animations since drawing each individual frame consumes a noticeable amount of time . the most existing solutions to this problem use unsupervised methods and focus only on real life videos with already high frame rate . however , the experiments show that such methods do not work as well when the frame rate becomes l ←
→ learning to generate compositional color descriptions ; the production of color language is essential for grounded language generation . color descriptions have many challenging properties : they can be vague , compositionally complex , and denotationally rich . we present an effective approach to generating color descriptions using recurrent neural networks and a fourier - transformed color representation . our model outperforms previous work on a conditional language modeling task over a large corpus of naturalis ←
→ non - existence of linear universal drift functions ; drift analysis has become a powerful tool to prove bounds on the runtime of randomized search heuristics . it allows , for example , fairly simple proofs for the classical problem how the ( 1 + 1 ) evolutionary algorithm ( ea ) optimizes an arbitrary pseudo - boolean linear function . the key idea of drift analysis is to measure the progress via another pseudo - boolean function ( called drift function ) and use deeper results from probability theory to derive from this a ←
→ the complexity of manipulating $ k $- approval elections ; an important problem in computational social choice theory is the complexity of undesirable behavior among agents , such as control , manipulation , and bribery in election systems . these kinds of voting strategies are often tempting at the individual level but disastrous for the agents as a whole . creating election systems where the determination of such strategies is difficult is thus an important goal . an interesting set of elections is that of scori ←
→ robust propensity score computation method based on machine learning with label - corrupted data ; in biostatistics , propensity score is a common approach to analyze the imbalance of covariate and process confounding covariates to eliminate differences between groups . while there are an abundant amount of methods to compute propensity score , a common issue of them is the corrupted labels in the dataset . for example , the data collected from the patients could contain samples that are treated mistakenly , and ←
→ design and implementation a 8 bits pipeline analog to digital converter in the technology 0 . 6 μm cmos process ; this paper describes a 8 bits , 20 msamples / s pipeline analog - to - digital converter implemented in 0 . 6 \ mu m cmos technology with a total power dissipation of 75 . 47 mw . circuit techniques used include a precise comparator , operational amplifier and clock management . a switched capacitor is used to sample and multiplying at each stage . simulation a worst case dnl and inl of 0 . 75 lsb . the design ope ←
→ an energy efficient scheme for data gathering in wireless sensor networks using particle swarm optimization ; this paper has been withdrawn by the author due to a crucial sign error in equation 1 ←
→ augmenting light field to model wave optics effects ; the ray - based 4d light field representation cannot be directly used to analyze diffractive or phase -- sensitive optical elements . in this paper , we exploit tools from wave optics and extend the light field representation via a novel " light field transform ". we introduce a key modification to the ray -- based model to support the transform . we insert a " virtual light source ", with potentially negative valued radiance for certain emitted rays . we create a loo ←
→ attention - over - attention neural networks for reading comprehension ; cloze - style queries are representative problems in reading comprehension . over the past few months , we have seen much progress that utilizing neural network approach to solve cloze - style questions . in this paper , we present a novel model called attention - over - attention reader for the cloze - style reading comprehension task . our model aims to place another attention mechanism over the document - level attention , and induces " attended attention ←
→ towards automated cadastral boundary delineation from uav data ; unmanned aerial vehicles ( uav ) are evolving as an alternative tool to acquire land tenure data . uavs can capture geospatial data at high quality and resolution in a cost - effective , transparent and flexible manner , from which visible land parcel boundaries , i . e ., cadastral boundaries are delineable . this delineation is to no extent automated , even though physical objects automatically retrievable through image analysis methods mark a large port ←
→ historical dynamics of lexical system as random walk process ; it is offered to consider word meanings changes in diachrony as semicontinuous random walk with reflecting and swallowing screens . the basic characteristics of word life cycle are defined . verification of the model has been realized on the data of russian words distribution on various age periods .←
→ on the power of over - parametrization in neural networks with quadratic activation ; we provide new theoretical insights on why over - parametrization is effective in learning neural networks . for a $ k $ hidden node shallow network with quadratic activation and $ n $ training data points , we show as long as $ k \ ge \ sqrt { 2n }$, over - parametrization enables local search algorithms to find a \ emph { globally } optimal solution for general smooth and convex loss functions . further , despite that the number of parameter ←
→ accuracy - reliability cost function for empirical variance estimation ; in this paper we focus on the problem of assigning uncertainties to single - point predictions . we introduce a cost function that encodes the trade - off between accuracy and reliability in probabilistic forecast . we derive analytic formula for the case of forecasts of continuous scalar variables expressed in terms of gaussian distributions . the accuracy - reliability cost function can be used to empirically estimate the variance in heterosked ←
→ curriculum learning of visual attribute clusters for multi - task classification ; visual attributes , from simple objects ( e . g ., backpacks , hats ) to soft - biometrics ( e . g ., gender , height , clothing ) have proven to be a powerful representational approach for many applications such as image description and human identification . in this paper , we introduce a novel method to combine the advantages of both multi - task and curriculum learning in a visual attribute classification framework . individual tasks are grou ←
→ supervised machine learning with a novel kernel density estimator ; in recent years , kernel density estimation has been exploited by computer scientists to model machine learning problems . the kernel density estimation based approaches are of interest due to the low time complexity of either o ( n ) or o ( n * log ( n )) for constructing a classifier , where n is the number of sampling instances . concerning design of kernel density estimators , one essential issue is how fast the pointwise mean square error ( mse ) and / o ←
→ an innovative approach for online meta search engine optimization ; this paper presents an approach to identify efficient techniques used in web search engine optimization ( seo ). understanding seo factors which can influence page ranking in search engine is significant for webmasters who wish to attract large number of users to their website . different from previous relevant research , in this study we developed an intelligent meta search engine which aggregates results from various search engines and ranks ←
→ font identification in historical documents using active learning ; identifying the type of font ( e . g ., roman , blackletter ) used in historical documents can help optical character recognition ( ocr ) systems produce more accurate text transcriptions . towards this end , we present an active - learning strategy that can significantly reduce the number of labeled samples needed to train a font classifier . our approach extracts image - based features that exploit geometric differences between fonts at the word level , ←
→ gaussian approximation of collective graphical models ; the collective graphical model ( cgm ) models a population of independent and identically distributed individuals when only collective statistics ( i . e ., counts of individuals ) are observed . exact inference in cgms is intractable , and previous work has explored markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) and map approximations for learning and inference . this paper studies gaussian approximations to the cgm . as the population grows large , we show that the cgm distrib ←
→ meboost : mixing estimators with boosting for imbalanced data classification ; class imbalance problem has been a challenging research problem in the fields of machine learning and data mining as most real life datasets are imbalanced . several existing machine learning algorithms try to maximize the accuracy classification by correctly identifying majority class samples while ignoring the minority class . however , the concept of the minority class instances usually represents a higher interest than the majo ←
→ a bimodal co - sparse analysis model for image processing ; the success of many computer vision tasks lies in the ability to exploit the interdependency between different image modalities such as intensity and depth . fusing corresponding information can be achieved on several levels , and one promising approach is the integration at a low level . moreover , sparse signal models have successfully been used in many vision applications . within this area of research , the so called co - sparse analysis model has attrac ←
→ leveraging the path signature for skeleton - based human action recognition ; human action recognition in videos is one of the most challenging tasks in computer vision . one important issue is how to design discriminative features for representing spatial context and temporal dynamics . here , we introduce a path signature feature to encode information from intra - frame and inter - frame contexts . a key step towards leveraging this feature is to construct the proper trajectories ( paths ) for the data steam . in ea ←
→ gleu without tuning ; the gleu metric was proposed for evaluating grammatical error corrections using n - gram overlap with a set of reference sentences , as opposed to precision / recall of specific annotated errors ( napoles et al ., 2015 ). this paper describes improvements made to the gleu metric that address problems that arise when using an increasing number of reference sets . unlike the originally presented metric , the modified metric does not require tuning . we recommend that this version be used instead of ←
→ on the gap between strict - saddles and true convexity : an omega ( log d ) lower bound for eigenvector approximation ; we prove a \ emph { query complexity } lower bound on rank - one principal component analysis ( pca ). we consider an oracle model where , given a symmetric matrix $ m \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ d \ times d }$, an algorithm is allowed to make $ t $ \ emph { exact } queries of the form $ w ^{( i )} = mv ^{( i )}$ for $ i \ in \{ 1 ,\ dots , t \}$, where $ v ^{( i )}$ is drawn from a distribution which depends arbitrarily on the past queries ←
→ recommendation under capacity constraints ; in this paper , we investigate the common scenario where every candidate item for recommendation is characterized by a maximum capacity , i . e ., number of seats in a point - of - interest ( poi ) or size of an item ' s inventory . despite the prevalence of the task of recommending items under capacity constraints in a variety of settings , to the best of our knowledge , none of the known recommender methods is designed to respect capacity constraints . to close this gap , we exte ←
→ speech emotion recognition considering local dynamic features ; recently , increasing attention has been directed to the study of the speech emotion recognition , in which global acoustic features of an utterance are mostly used to eliminate the content differences . however , the expression of speech emotion is a dynamic process , which is reflected through dynamic durations , energies , and some other prosodic information when one speaks . in this paper , a novel local dynamic pitch probability distribution featur ←
→ gplac : generalizing vision - based robotic skills using weakly labeled images ; we tackle the problem of learning robotic sensorimotor control policies that can generalize to visually diverse and unseen environments . achieving broad generalization typically requires large datasets , which are difficult to obtain for task - specific interactive processes such as reinforcement learning or learning from demonstration . however , much of the visual diversity in the world can be captured through passively collected d ←
→ learning to learn image classifiers with informative visual analogy ; in recent years , we witnessed a huge success of convolutional neural networks on the task of the image classification . however , these models are notoriously data hungry and require tons of training images to learn the parameters . in contrast , people are far better learner who can learn a new concept very fast with only a few samples . the plausible mysteries making the difference are two fundamental learning mechanisms : learning to learn a ←
→ classifiers with a reject option for early time - series classification ; early classification of time - series data in a dynamic environment is a challenging problem of great importance in signal processing . this paper proposes a classifier architecture with a reject option capable of online decision making without the need to wait for the entire time series signal to be present . the main idea is to classify an odor / gas signal with an acceptable accuracy as early as possible . instead of using posterior probabi ←
→ real - time anomalous behavior detection and localization in crowded scenes ; in this paper , we propose an accurate and real - time anomaly detection and localization in crowded scenes , and two descriptors for representing anomalous behavior in video are proposed . we consider a video as being a set of cubic patches . based on the low likelihood of an anomaly occurrence , and the redundancy of structures in normal patches in videos , two ( global and local ) views are considered for modeling the video . our algorith ←
→ analysis of algorithms and partial algorithms ; we present an alternative methodology for the analysis of algorithms , based on the concept of expected discounted reward . this methodology naturally handles algorithms that do not always terminate , so it can ( theoretically ) be used with partial algorithms for undecidable problems , such as those found in artificial general intelligence ( agi ) and automated theorem proving . we mention an approach to self - improving agi enabled by this methodology . aug 2017 adden ←
→ attend , infer , repeat : fast scene understanding with generative models ; we present a framework for efficient inference in structured image models that explicitly reason about objects . we achieve this by performing probabilistic inference using a recurrent neural network that attends to scene elements and processes them one at a time . crucially , the model itself learns to choose the appropriate number of inference steps . we use this scheme to learn to perform inference in partially specified 2d models ( vari ←
→ random gradient extrapolation for distributed and stochastic optimization ; in this paper , we consider a class of finite - sum convex optimization problems defined over a distributed multiagent network with $ m $ agents connected to a central server . in particular , the objective function consists of the average of $ m $ ($\ ge 1 $) smooth components associated with each network agent together with a strongly convex term . our major contribution is to develop a new randomized incremental gradient algorithm , namely ←
→ an unsupervised method for estimating the global horizontal irradiance from photovoltaic power measurements ; in this paper , we present a method to determine the global horizontal irradiance ( ghi ) from the power measurements of one or more pv systems , located in the same neighborhood . the method is completely unsupervised and is based on a physical model of a pv plant . the precise assessment of solar irradiance is pivotal for the forecast of the electric power generated by photovoltaic ( pv ) plants . howeve ←
→ performance evaluation of predictive classifiers for knowledge discovery from engineering materials data sets ; in this paper , naive bayesian and c4 . 5 decision tree classifiers ( dtc ) are successively applied on materials informatics to classify the engineering materials into different classes for the selection of materials that suit the input design specifications . here , the classifiers are analyzed individually and their performance evaluation is analyzed with confusion matrix predictive parameters and st ←
→ relative learning from web images for content - adaptive enhancement ; personalized and content - adaptive image enhancement can find many applications in the age of social media and mobile computing . this paper presents a relative - learning - based approach , which , unlike previous methods , does not require matching original and enhanced images for training . this allows the use of massive online photo collections to train a ranking model for improved enhancement . we first propose a multi - level ranking model , which ←
→ from frequency to meaning : vector space models of semantics ; computers understand very little of the meaning of human language . this profoundly limits our ability to give instructions to computers , the ability of computers to explain their actions to us , and the ability of computers to analyse and process text . vector space models ( vsms ) of semantics are beginning to address these limits . this paper surveys the use of vsms for semantic processing of text . we organize the literature on vsms according to the ←
→ intelligent ehrs : predicting procedure codes from diagnosis codes ; in order to submit a claim to insurance companies , a doctor needs to code a patient encounter with both the diagnosis ( icds ) and procedures performed ( cpts ) in an electronic health record ( ehr ). identifying and applying relevant procedures code is a cumbersome and time - consuming task as a doctor has to choose from around 13 , 000 procedure codes with no predefined one - to - one mapping . in this paper , we propose a state - of - the - art deep learning ←
→ multi - task recurrent model for true multilingual speech recognition ; research on multilingual speech recognition remains attractive yet challenging . recent studies focus on learning shared structures under the multi - task paradigm , in particular a feature sharing structure . this approach has been found effective to improve performance on each individual language . however , this approach is only useful when the deployed system supports just one language . in a true multilingual scenario where multiple language ←
→ extraction and classification of diving clips from continuous video footage ; due to recent advances in technology , the recording and analysis of video data has become an increasingly common component of athlete training programmes . today it is incredibly easy and affordable to set up a fixed camera and record athletes in a wide range of sports , such as diving , gymnastics , golf , tennis , etc . however , the manual analysis of the obtained footage is a time - consuming task which involves isolating actions of i ←
→ towards an axiomatic approach to hierarchical clustering of measures ; we propose some axioms for hierarchical clustering of probability measures and investigate their ramifications . the basic idea is to let the user stipulate the clusters for some elementary measures . this is done without the need of any notion of metric , similarity or dissimilarity . our main results then show that for each suitable choice of user - defined clustering on elementary measures we obtain a unique notion of clustering on a large ←
→ robust dictionary based data representation ; the robustness to noise and outliers is an important issue in linear representation in real applications . we focus on the problem that samples are grossly corrupted , which is also the ' sample specific ' corruptions problem . a reasonable assumption is that corrupted samples cannot be represented by the dictionary while clean samples can be well represented . this assumption is enforced in this paper by investigating the coefficients of corrupted samples . concretely ←
→ mosi : multimodal corpus of sentiment intensity and subjectivity analysis in online opinion videos ; people are sharing their opinions , stories and reviews through online video sharing websites every day . studying sentiment and subjectivity in these opinion videos is experiencing a growing attention from academia and industry . while sentiment analysis has been successful for text , it is an understudied research question for videos and multimedia content . the biggest setbacks for studies in this direction a ←
→ sparse projections onto the simplex ; most learning methods with rank or sparsity constraints use convex relaxations , which lead to optimization with the nuclear norm or the $\ ell_1 $- norm . however , several important learning applications cannot benefit from this approach as they feature these convex norms as constraints in addition to the non - convex rank and sparsity constraints . in this setting , we derive efficient sparse projections onto the simplex and its extension , and illustrate how to use them to sol ←
→ scalable generalized dynamic topic models ; dynamic topic models ( dtms ) model the evolution of prevalent themes in literature , online media , and other forms of text over time . dtms assume that word co - occurrence statistics change continuously and therefore impose continuous stochastic process priors on their model parameters . these dynamical priors make inference much harder than in regular topic models , and also limit scalability . in this paper , we present several new results around dtms . first , we extend ←
→ order - preserving abstractive summarization for spoken content based on connectionist temporal classification ; connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ) is a powerful approach for sequence - to - sequence learning , and has been popularly used in speech recognition . the central ideas of ctc include adding a label " blank " during training . with this mechanism , ctc eliminates the need of segment alignment , and hence has been applied to various sequence - to - sequence learning problems . in this work , we applied ctc ←
→ enhancing qa systems with complex temporal question processing capabilities ; this paper presents a multilayered architecture that enhances the capabilities of current qa systems and allows different types of complex questions or queries to be processed . the answers to these questions need to be gathered from factual information scattered throughout different documents . specifically , we designed a specialized layer to process the different types of temporal questions . complex temporal questions are first ←
→ finding the different patterns in buildings data using bag of words representation with clustering ; the understanding of the buildings operation has become a challenging task due to the large amount of data recorded in energy efficient buildings . still , today the experts use visual tools for analyzing the data . in order to make the task realistic , a method has been proposed in this paper to automatically detect the different patterns in buildings . the k means clustering is used to automatically identify ←
→ a reusable iterative optimization software library to solve combinatorial problems with approximate reasoning ; real world combinatorial optimization problems such as scheduling are typically too complex to solve with exact methods . additionally , the problems often have to observe vaguely specified constraints of different importance , the available data may be uncertain , and compromises between antagonistic criteria may be necessary . we present a combination of approximate reasoning based constraints and ←
→ métodos para la selección y el ajuste de características en el problema de la detección de spam ; the email is used daily by millions of people to communicate around the globe and it is a mission - critical application for many businesses . over the last decade , unsolicited bulk email has become a major problem for email users . an overwhelming amount of spam is flowing into users ' mailboxes daily . in 2004 , an estimated 62 % of all email was attributed to spam . spam is not only frustrating for most email users ←
→ decision trees for function evaluation - simultaneous optimization of worst and expected cost ; in several applications of automatic diagnosis and active learning a central problem is the evaluation of a discrete function by adaptively querying the values of its variables until the values read uniquely determine the value of the function . in general , the process of reading the value of a variable might involve some cost , computational or even a fee to be paid for the experiment required for obtaining the ←
→ zero - shot sketch - image hashing ; recent studies show that large - scale sketch - based image retrieval ( sbir ) can be efficiently tackled by cross - modal binary representation learning methods , where hamming distance matching significantly speeds up the process of similarity search . providing training and test data subjected to a fixed set of pre - defined categories , the cutting - edge sbir and cross - modal hashing works obtain acceptable retrieval performance . however , most of the existing methods fail when the cate ←
→ improved training of wasserstein gans ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) are powerful generative models , but suffer from training instability . the recently proposed wasserstein gan ( wgan ) makes progress toward stable training of gans , but sometimes can still generate only low - quality samples or fail to converge . we find that these problems are often due to the use of weight clipping in wgan to enforce a lipschitz constraint on the critic , which can lead to undesired behavior . we propose an alternative ←
→ wsat ( cc ) - a fast local - search asp solver ; we describe wsat ( cc ), a local - search solver for computing models of theories in the language of propositional logic extended by cardinality atoms . wsat ( cc ) is a processing back - end for the logic ps +, a recently proposed formalism for answer - set programming .←
→ pac - learning recursive logic programs : negative results ; in a companion paper it was shown that the class of constant - depth determinate k - ary recursive clauses is efficiently learnable . in this paper we present negative results showing that any natural generalization of this class is hard to learn in valiant ' s model of pac - learnability . in particular , we show that the following program classes are cryptographically hard to learn : programs with an unbounded number of constant - depth linear recursive clauses ;←
→ learning the latent " look ": unsupervised discovery of a style - coherent embedding from fashion images ; what defines a visual style ? fashion styles emerge organically from how people assemble outfits of clothing , making them difficult to pin down with a computational model . low - level visual similarity can be too specific to detect stylistically similar images , while manually crafted style categories can be too abstract to capture subtle style differences . we propose an unsupervised approach to learn a styl ←
→ an enhanced neural network based approach towards object extraction ; the improvements in spectral and spatial resolution of the satellite images have facilitated the automatic extraction and identification of the features from satellite images and aerial photographs . an automatic object extraction method is presented for extracting and identifying the various objects from satellite images and the accuracy of the system is verified with regard to irs satellite images . the system is based on neural network a ←
→ d - bees : a novel method inspired by bee colony optimization for solving word sense disambiguation ; word sense disambiguation ( wsd ) is a problem in the field of computational linguistics given as finding the intended sense of a word ( or a set of words ) when it is activated within a certain context . wsd was recently addressed as a combinatorial optimization problem in which the goal is to find a sequence of senses that maximize the semantic relatedness among the target words . in this article , a novel algori ←
→ a comparative study of arithmetic constraints on integer intervals ; we propose here a number of approaches to implement constraint propagation for arithmetic constraints on integer intervals . to this end we introduce integer interval arithmetic . each approach is explained using appropriate proof rules that reduce the variable domains . we compare these approaches using a set of benchmarks .←
→ synchronous context - free grammars and optimal linear parsing strategies ; synchronous context - free grammars ( scfgs ), also known as syntax - directed translation schemata , are unlike context - free grammars in that they do not have a binary normal form . in general , parsing with scfgs takes space and time polynomial in the length of the input strings , but with the degree of the polynomial depending on the permutations of the scfg rules . we consider linear parsing strategies , which add one nonterminal at a time . w ←
→ randomized algorithms for the loop cutset problem ; we show how to find a minimum weight loop cutset in a bayesian network with high probability . finding such a loop cutset is the first step in the method of conditioning for inference . our randomized algorithm for finding a loop cutset outputs a minimum loop cutset after o ( c 6 ^ k kn ) steps with probability at least 1 - ( 1 - 1 /( 6 ^ k ))^ c6 ^ k , where c > 1 is a constant specified by the user , k is the minimal size of a minimum weight loop cutset , and n is the numb ←
→ q - cp : learning action values for cooperative planning ; research on multi - robot systems has demonstrated promising results in manifold applications and domains . still , efficiently learning an effective robot behaviors is very difficult , due to unstructured scenarios , high uncertainties , and large state dimensionality ( e . g . hyper - redundant and groups of robot ). to alleviate this problem , we present q - cp a cooperative model - based reinforcement learning algorithm , which exploits action values to both ( 1 ) guide ←
→ neural - network techniques for visual mining clinical electroencephalograms ; in this chapter we describe new neural - network techniques developed for visual mining clinical electroencephalograms ( eegs ), the weak electrical potentials invoked by brain activity . these techniques exploit fruitful ideas of group method of data handling ( gmdh ). section 2 briefly describes the standard neural - network techniques which are able to learn well - suited classification modes from data presented by relevant features . sec ←
→ accelerated stochastic power iteration ; principal component analysis ( pca ) is one of the most powerful tools in machine learning . the simplest method for pca , the power iteration , requires $\ mathcal o ( 1 /\ delta )$ full - data passes to recover the principal component of a matrix with eigen - gap $\ delta $. lanczos , a significantly more complex method , achieves an accelerated rate of $\ mathcal o ( 1 /\ sqrt {\ delta })$ passes . modern applications , however , motivate methods that only ingest a subset of available data , kn ←
→ toward a research agenda in adversarial reasoning : computational approaches to anticipating the opponent ' s intent and actions ; this paper defines adversarial reasoning as computational approaches to inferring and anticipating an enemy ' s perceptions , intents and actions . it argues that adversarial reasoning transcends the boundaries of game theory and must also leverage such disciplines as cognitive modeling , control theory , ai planning and others . to illustrate the challenges of applying adversarial reas ←
→ pte : predictive text embedding through large - scale heterogeneous text networks ; unsupervised text embedding methods , such as skip - gram and paragraph vector , have been attracting increasing attention due to their simplicity , scalability , and effectiveness . however , comparing to sophisticated deep learning architectures such as convolutional neural networks , these methods usually yield inferior results when applied to particular machine learning tasks . one possible reason is that these text embedding metho ←
→ a 3d segmentation method for retinal optical coherence tomography volume data ; with the introduction of spectral - domain optical coherence tomography ( oct ), much larger image datasets are routinely acquired compared to what was possible using the previous generation of time - domain oct . thus , the need for 3 - d segmentation methods for processing such data is becoming increasingly important . we present a new 3d segmentation method for retinal oct volume data , which generates an enhanced volume data by using ←
→ graph convolutional encoders for syntax - aware neural machine translation ; we present a simple and effective approach to incorporating syntactic structure into neural attention - based encoder - decoder models for machine translation . we rely on graph - convolutional networks ( gcns ), a recent class of neural networks developed for modeling graph - structured data . our gcns use predicted syntactic dependency trees of source sentences to produce representations of words ( i . e . hidden states of the encoder ) that are se ←
→ reservoir computing using stochastic p - bits ; we present a general hardware framework for building networks that directly implement reservoir computing , a popular software method for implementing and training recurrent neural networks and are particularly suited for temporal inferencing and pattern recognition . we provide a specific example of a candidate hardware unit based on a combination of soft - magnets , spin - orbit materials and cmos transistors that can implement these networks . efficient non von - neuma ←
→ fuzzy least squares twin support vector machines ; least squares twin support vector machine ( lstsvm ) is an extremely efficient and fast version of svm algorithm for binary classification . lstsvm combines the idea of least squares svm and twin svm in which two non - parallel hyperplanes are found by solving two systems of linear equations . although the algorithm is very fast and efficient in many classification tasks , it is unable to cope with two features of real - world problems . first , in many real - world cla ←
→ a predictive approach using deep feature learning for electronic medical records : a comparative study ; massive amount of electronic medical records accumulating from patients and populations motivates clinicians and data scientists to collaborate for the advanced analytics to extract knowledge that is essential to address the extensive personalized insights needed for patients , clinicians , providers , scientists , and health policy makers . in this paper , we propose a new predictive approach based on featur ←
→ local minima of a quadratic binary functional with a quasi - hebbian connection matrix ; the local minima of a quadratic functional depending on binary variables are discussed . an arbitrary connection matrix can be presented in the form of quasi - hebbian expansion where each pattern is supplied with its own individual weight . for such matrices statistical physics methods allow one to derive an equation describing local minima of the functional . a model where only one weight differs from other ones is discuss ←
→ robust probabilistic modeling with bayesian data reweighting ; probabilistic models analyze data by relying on a set of assumptions . data that exhibit deviations from these assumptions can undermine inference and prediction quality . robust models offer protection against mismatch between a model ' s assumptions and reality . we propose a way to systematically detect and mitigate mismatch of a large class of probabilistic models . the idea is to raise the likelihood of each observation to a weight and then to in ←
→ exploiting the potential of standard convolutional autoencoders for image restoration by evolutionary search ; researchers have applied deep neural networks to image restoration tasks , in which they proposed various network architectures , loss functions , and training methods . in particular , adversarial training , which is employed in recent studies , seems to be a key ingredient to success . in this paper , we show that simple convolutional autoencoders ( caes ) built upon only standard network components , i . e .←
→ hand pose estimation through semi - supervised and weakly - supervised learning ; we propose a method for hand pose estimation based on a deep regressor trained on two different kinds of input . raw depth data is fused with an intermediate representation in the form of a segmentation of the hand into parts . this intermediate representation contains important topological information and provides useful cues for reasoning about joint locations . the mapping from raw depth to segmentation maps is learned in a semi ←
→ clustering by transitive propagation ; we present a global optimization algorithm for clustering data given the ratio of likelihoods that each pair of data points is in the same cluster or in different clusters . to define a clustering solution in terms of pairwise relationships , a necessary and sufficient condition is that belonging to the same cluster satisfies transitivity . we define a global objective function based on pairwise likelihood ratios and a transitivity constraint over all triples , assigning a ←
→ a class of dsm conditional rules ; in this paper we introduce two new dsm fusion conditioning rules with example , and as a generalization of them a class of dsm fusion conditioning rules , and then extend them to a class of dsm conditioning rules .←
→ on backdoors to tractable constraint languages ; in the context of csps , a strong backdoor is a subset of variables such that every complete assignment yields a residual instance guaranteed to have a specified property . if the property allows efficient solving , then a small strong backdoor provides a reasonable decomposition of the original instance into easy instances . an important challenge is the design of algorithms that can find quickly a small strong backdoor if one exists . we present a systematic stu ←
→ task - group relatedness and generalization bounds for regularized multi - task learning ; in this paper , we study the generalization performance of regularized multi - task learning ( rmtl ) in a vector - valued framework , where mtl is considered as a learning process for vector - valued functions . we are mainly concerned with two theoretical questions : 1 ) under what conditions does rmtl perform better with a smaller task sample size than stl ? 2 ) under what conditions is rmtl generalizable and can guarantee the cons ←
→ generalized mixability via entropic duality ; mixability is a property of a loss which characterizes when fast convergence is possible in the game of prediction with expert advice . we show that a key property of mixability generalizes , and the exp and log operations present in the usual theory are not as special as one might have thought . in doing this we introduce a more general notion of $\ phi $- mixability where $\ phi $ is a general entropy (\ ie , any convex function on probabilities ). we show how a property ←
→ deep spatio - temporal residual networks for citywide crowd flows prediction ; forecasting the flow of crowds is of great importance to traffic management and public safety , yet a very challenging task affected by many complex factors , such as inter - region traffic , events and weather . in this paper , we propose a deep - learning - based approach , called st - resnet , to collectively forecast the in - flow and out - flow of crowds in each and every region through a city . we design an end - to - end structure of st - resnet ba ←
→ slice as an evolutionary service : genetic optimization for inter - slice resource management in 5g networks ; in the context of fifth generation ( 5g ) mobile networks , the concept of " slice as a service " ( saas ) promotes mobile network operators to flexibly share infrastructures with mobile service providers and stakeholders . however , it also challenges with an emerging demand for efficient online algorithms to optimize the request - and - decision - based inter - slice resource management strategy . based on genetic ←
→ fast , exact and multi - scale inference for semantic image segmentation with deep gaussian crfs ; in this work we propose a structured prediction technique that combines the virtues of gaussian conditional random fields ( g - crf ) with deep learning : ( a ) our structured prediction task has a unique global optimum that is obtained exactly from the solution of a linear system ( b ) the gradients of our model parameters are analytically computed using closed form expressions , in contrast to the memory - demanding cont ←
→ unsupervised object discovery for instance recognition ; severe background clutter is challenging in many computer vision tasks , including large - scale image retrieval . global descriptors , that are popular due to their memory and search efficiency , are especially prone to corruption by such a clutter . eliminating the impact of the clutter on the image descriptor increases the chance of retrieving relevant images and prevents topic drift due to actually retrieving the clutter in the case of query expansion . i ←
→ convolutional imputation of matrix networks ; a matrix network is a family of matrices , where the relationship between them is modeled as a weighted graph . each node represents a matrix , and the weight on each edge represents the similarity between the two matrices . suppose that we observe a few entries of each matrix with noise , and the fraction of entries we observe varies from matrix to matrix . even worse , a subset of matrices in this family may be completely unobserved . how can we recover the entire mat ←
→ learning games and rademacher observations losses ; it has recently been shown that supervised learning with the popular logistic loss is equivalent to optimizing the exponential loss over sufficient statistics about the class : rademacher observations ( rados ). we first show that this unexpected equivalence can actually be generalized to other example / rado losses , with necessary and sufficient conditions for the equivalence , exemplified on four losses that bear popular names in various fields : exponential ←
→ hashnet : deep learning to hash by continuation ; learning to hash has been widely applied to approximate nearest neighbor search for large - scale multimedia retrieval , due to its computation efficiency and retrieval quality . deep learning to hash , which improves retrieval quality by end - to - end representation learning and hash encoding , has received increasing attention recently . subject to the ill - posed gradient difficulty in the optimization with sign activations , existing deep learning to hash methods need ←
→ probabilistic dimensionality reduction via structure learning ; we propose a novel probabilistic dimensionality reduction framework that can naturally integrate the generative model and the locality information of data . based on this framework , we present a new model , which is able to learn a smooth skeleton of embedding points in a low - dimensional space from high - dimensional noisy data . the formulation of the new model can be equivalently interpreted as two coupled learning problem , i . e ., structure learnin ←
→ hypercolumns for object segmentation and fine - grained localization ; recognition algorithms based on convolutional networks ( cnns ) typically use the output of the last layer as feature representation . however , the information in this layer may be too coarse to allow precise localization . on the contrary , earlier layers may be precise in localization but will not capture semantics . to get the best of both worlds , we define the hypercolumn at a pixel as the vector of activations of all cnn units above that pi ←
→ multi - view learning in the presence of view disagreement ; traditional multi - view learning approaches suffer in the presence of view disagreement , i . e ., when samples in each view do not belong to the same class due to view corruption , occlusion or other noise processes . in this paper we present a multi - view learning approach that uses a conditional entropy criterion to detect view disagreement . once detected , samples with view disagreement are filtered and standard multi - view learning methods can be successf ←
→ recurrent topic - transition gan for visual paragraph generation ; a natural image usually conveys rich semantic content and can be viewed from different angles . existing image description methods are largely restricted by small sets of biased visual paragraph annotations , and fail to cover rich underlying semantics . in this paper , we investigate a semi - supervised paragraph generative framework that is able to synthesize diverse and semantically coherent paragraph descriptions by reasoning over local semantic ←
→ offline handwritten modi character recognition using hu , zernike moments and zoning ; hocr is abbreviated as handwritten optical character recognition . hocr is a process of recognition of different handwritten characters from a digital image of documents . handwritten automatic character recognition has attracted many researchers all over the world to contribute handwritten character recognition domain . shape identification and feature extraction is very important part of any character recognition system a ←
→ neural networks for handwritten english alphabet recognition ; this paper demonstrates the use of neural networks for developing a system that can recognize hand - written english alphabets . in this system , each english alphabet is represented by binary values that are used as input to a simple feature extraction system , whose output is fed to our neural network system .←
→ identifying harm events in clinical care through medical narratives ; preventable medical errors are estimated to be among the leading causes of injury and death in the united states . to prevent such errors , healthcare systems have implemented patient safety and incident reporting systems . these systems enable clinicians to report unsafe conditions and cases where patients have been harmed due to errors in medical care . these reports are narratives in natural language and while they provide detailed informa ←
→ a two - stage combined classifier in scale space texture classification ; textures often show multiscale properties and hence multiscale techniques are considered useful for texture analysis . scale - space theory as a biologically motivated approach may be used to construct multiscale textures . in this paper various ways are studied to combine features on different scales for texture classification of small image patches . we use the n - jet of derivatives up to the second order at different scales to generate dis ←
→ measuring sample quality with kernels ; approximate markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) offers the promise of more rapid sampling at the cost of more biased inference . since standard mcmc diagnostics fail to detect these biases , researchers have developed computable stein discrepancy measures that provably determine the convergence of a sample to its target distribution . this approach was recently combined with the theory of reproducing kernels to define a closed - form kernel stein discrepancy ( ksd ) computable b ←
→ interpolating convex and non - convex tensor decompositions via the subspace norm ; we consider the problem of recovering a low - rank tensor from its noisy observation . previous work has shown a recovery guarantee with signal to noise ratio $ o ( n ^{\ lceil k / 2 \ rceil / 2 })$ for recovering a $ k $ th order rank one tensor of size $ n \ times \ cdots \ times n $ by recursive unfolding . in this paper , we first improve this bound to $ o ( n ^{ k / 4 })$ by a much simpler approach , but with a more careful analysis . then we propose a ←
→ graphlab : a distributed framework for machine learning in the cloud ; machine learning ( ml ) techniques are indispensable in a wide range of fields . unfortunately , the exponential increase of dataset sizes are rapidly extending the runtime of sequential algorithms and threatening to slow future progress in ml . with the promise of affordable large - scale parallel computing , cloud systems offer a viable platform to resolve the computational challenges in ml . however , designing and implementing efficient , provab ←
→ unsupervised feature learning with discriminative encoder ; in recent years , deep discriminative models have achieved extraordinary performance on supervised learning tasks , significantly outperforming their generative counterparts . however , their success relies on the presence of a large amount of labeled data . how can one use the same discriminative models for learning useful features in the absence of labels ? we address this question in this paper , by jointly modeling the distribution of data and latent ←
→ statistical analysis of privacy and anonymity guarantees in randomized security protocol implementations ; security protocols often use randomization to achieve probabilistic non - determinism . this non - determinism , in turn , is used in obfuscating the dependence of observable values on secret data . since the correctness of security protocols is very important , formal analysis of security protocols has been widely studied in literature . randomized security protocols have also been analyzed using formal techn ←
→ cm - gans : cross - modal generative adversarial networks for common representation learning ; it is known that the inconsistent distribution and representation of different modalities , such as image and text , cause the heterogeneity gap that makes it challenging to correlate such heterogeneous data . generative adversarial networks ( gans ) have shown its strong ability of modeling data distribution and learning discriminative representation , existing gans - based works mainly focus on generative problem to genera ←
→ network - based clustering with mixtures of l1 - penalized gaussian graphical models : an empirical investigation ; in many applications , multivariate samples may harbor previously unrecognized heterogeneity at the level of conditional independence or network structure . for example , in cancer biology , disease subtypes may differ with respect to subtype - specific interplay between molecular components . then , both subtype discovery and estimation of subtype - specific networks present important and related challeng ←
→ relative loss bounds for on - line density estimation with the exponential family of distributions ; we consider on - line density estimation with a parameterized density from the exponential family . the on - line algorithm receives one example at a time and maintains a parameter that is essentially an average of the past examples . after receiving an example the algorithm incurs a loss which is the negative log - likelihood of the example w . r . t . the past parameter of the algorithm . an off - line algorithm can choos ←
→ metric learning across heterogeneous domains by respectively aligning both priors and posteriors ; in this paper , we attempts to learn a single metric across two heterogeneous domains where source domain is fully labeled and has many samples while target domain has only a few labeled samples but abundant unlabeled samples . to the best of our knowledge , this task is seldom touched . the proposed learning model has a simple underlying motivation : all the samples in both the source and the target domains are ←
→ c - arm tomographic imaging technique for nephrolithiasis and detection of kidney stones ; in this paper , we investigated a c - arm tomographic technique as a new three dimensional ( 3d ) kidney imaging method for nephrolithiasis and kidney stone detection over view angle less than 180o . our c - arm tomographic technique provides a series of two dimensional ( 2d ) images with a single scan over 40o view angle . experimental studies were performed with a kidney phantom that was formed from a pig kidney with two embed ←
→ calculating semantic similarity between academic articles using topic event and ontology ; determining semantic similarity between academic documents is crucial to many tasks such as plagiarism detection , automatic technical survey and semantic search . current studies mostly focus on semantic similarity between concepts , sentences and short text fragments . however , document - level semantic matching is still based on statistical information in surface level , neglecting article structures and global semantic ←
→ image transformer ; image generation has been successfully cast as an autoregressive sequence generation or transformation problem . recent work has shown that self - attention is an effective way of modeling textual sequences . in this work , we generalize a recently proposed model architecture based on self - attention , the transformer , to a sequence modeling formulation of image generation with a tractable likelihood . by restricting the self - attention mechanism to attend to local neighborhoods we significantly ←
→ the hidden vulnerability of distributed learning in byzantium ; while machine learning is going through an era of celebrated success , concerns have been raised about the vulnerability of its backbone : stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ). recent approaches have been proposed to ensure the robustness of distributed sgd against adversarial ( byzantine ) workers sending poisoned gradients during the training phase . some of these approaches have been proven byzantine - resilient : they ensure the convergence of sgd des ←
→ multimodal sentiment analysis : addressing key issues and setting up baselines ; sentiment analysis is proven to be very useful tool in many applications regarding social media . this has led to a great surge of research in this field . hence , in this paper , we compile the baselines for such research . in this paper , we explore three different deep - learning based architectures for multimodal sentiment classification , each improving upon the previous . further , we evaluate these architectures with multiple data ←
→ an automated system for epilepsy detection using eeg brain signals based on deep learning approach ; epilepsy is a neurological disorder and for its detection , encephalography ( eeg ) is a commonly used clinical approach . manual inspection of eeg brain signals is a time - consuming and laborious process , which puts heavy burden on neurologists and affects their performance . several automatic techniques have been proposed using traditional approaches to assist neurologists in detecting binary epilepsy scenario ←
→ extending local features with contextual information in graph kernels ; graph kernels are usually defined in terms of simpler kernels over local substructures of the original graphs . different kernels consider different types of substructures . however , in some cases they have similar predictive performances , probably because the substructures can be interpreted as approximations of the subgraphs they induce . in this paper , we propose to associate to each feature a piece of information about the context in w ←
→ online semi - supervised learning with deep hybrid boltzmann machines and denoising autoencoders ; two novel deep hybrid architectures , the deep hybrid boltzmann machine and the deep hybrid denoising auto - encoder , are proposed for handling semi - supervised learning problems . the models combine experts that model relevant distributions at different levels of abstraction to improve overall predictive performance on discriminative tasks . theoretical motivations and algorithms for joint learning for each are pre ←
→ visual congruent ads for image search ; the quality of user experience online is affected by the relevance and placement of advertisements . we propose a new system for selecting and displaying visual advertisements in image search result sets . our method compares the visual similarity of candidate ads to the image search results and selects the most visually similar ad to be displayed . the method further selects an appropriate location in the displayed image grid to minimize the perceptual visual difference ←
→ objects as context for detecting their semantic parts ; we present a semantic part detection approach that effectively leverages object information . we use the object appearance and its class as indicators of what parts to expect . we also model the expected relative location of parts inside the objects based on their appearance . we achieve this with a new network module , called offsetnet , that efficiently predicts a variable number of part locations within a given object . our model incorporates all these cue ←
→ breaking the bandwidth barrier : geometrical adaptive entropy estimation ; estimators of information theoretic measures such as entropy and mutual information are a basic workhorse for many downstream applications in modern data science . state of the art approaches have been either geometric ( nearest neighbor ( nn ) based ) or kernel based ( with a globally chosen bandwidth ). in this paper , we combine both these approaches to design new estimators of entropy and mutual information that outperform state of the ar ←
→ learning a discriminative prior for blind image deblurring ; we present an effective blind image deblurring method based on a data - driven discriminative prior . our work is motivated by the fact that a good image prior should favor clear images over blurred images . in this work , we formulate the image prior as a binary classifier which can be achieved by a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ). the learned prior is able to distinguish whether an input image is clear or not . embedded into the maximum a posterio ←
→ gncgcp - graduated nonconvexity and graduated concavity procedure ; in this paper we propose the graduated nonconvexity and graduated concavity procedure ( gncgcp ) as a general optimization framework to approximately solve the combinatorial optimization problems on the set of partial permutation matrices . gncgcp comprises two sub - procedures , graduated nonconvexity ( gnc ) which realizes a convex relaxation and graduated concavity ( gc ) which realizes a concave relaxation . it is proved that gncgcp realizes exact ←
→ on the speed of constraint propagation and the time complexity of arc consistency testing ; establishing arc consistency on two relational structures is one of the most popular heuristics for the constraint satisfaction problem . we aim at determining the time complexity of arc consistency testing . the input structures $ g $ and $ h $ can be supposed to be connected colored graphs , as the general problem reduces to this particular case . we first observe the upper bound $ o ( e ( g ) v ( h )+ v ( g ) e ( h ))$, which implies the ←
→ decentralized , adaptive , look - ahead particle filtering ; the decentralized particle filter ( dpf ) was proposed recently to increase the level of parallelism of particle filtering . given a decomposition of the state space into two nested sets of variables , the dpf uses a particle filter to sample the first set and then conditions on this sample to generate a set of samples for the second set of variables . the dpf can be understood as a variant of the popular rao - blackwellized particle filter ( rbpf ), where the ←
→ approximation of classification and measures of uncertainty in rough set on two universal sets ; the notion of rough set captures indiscernibility of elements in a set . but , in many real life situations , an information system establishes the relation between different universes . this gave the extension of rough set on single universal set to rough set on two universal sets . in this paper , we introduce approximation of classifications and measures of uncertainty basing upon rough set on two universal sets ←
→ mutual alignment transfer learning ; training robots for operation in the real world is a complex , time consuming and potentially expensive task . despite significant success of reinforcement learning in games and simulations , research in real robot applications has not been able to match similar progress . while sample complexity can be reduced by training policies in simulation , such policies can perform sub - optimally on the real platform given imperfect calibration of model dynamics . we present an approach ←
→ deep cross polarimetric thermal - to - visible face recognition ; in this paper , we present a deep coupled learning frame - work to address the problem of matching polarimetric ther - mal face photos against a gallery of visible faces . polariza - tion state information of thermal faces provides the miss - ing textural and geometrics details in the thermal face im - agery which exist in visible spectrum . we propose a coupled deep neural network architecture which leverages relatively large visible and thermal dataset ←
→ neural architectures for named entity recognition ; state - of - the - art named entity recognition systems rely heavily on hand - crafted features and domain - specific knowledge in order to learn effectively from the small , supervised training corpora that are available . in this paper , we introduce two new neural architectures --- one based on bidirectional lstms and conditional random fields , and the other that constructs and labels segments using a transition - based approach inspired by shift - reduce parsers . our mod ←
→ orthogonal rank - one matrix pursuit for low rank matrix completion ; in this paper , we propose an efficient and scalable low rank matrix completion algorithm . the key idea is to extend orthogonal matching pursuit method from the vector case to the matrix case . we further propose an economic version of our algorithm by introducing a novel weight updating rule to reduce the time and storage complexity . both versions are computationally inexpensive for each matrix pursuit iteration , and find satisfactory result ←
→ the nested chinese restaurant process and bayesian nonparametric inference of topic hierarchies ; we present the nested chinese restaurant process ( ncrp ), a stochastic process which assigns probability distributions to infinitely - deep , infinitely - branching trees . we show how this stochastic process can be used as a prior distribution in a bayesian nonparametric model of document collections . specifically , we present an application to information retrieval in which documents are modeled as paths down a ran ←
→ texture object segmentation based on affine invariant texture detection ; to solve the issue of segmenting rich texture images , a novel detection methods based on the affine invariable principle is proposed . considering the similarity between the texture areas , we first take the affine transform to get numerous shapes , and utilize the klt algorithm to verify the similarity . the transforms include rotation , proportional transformation and perspective deformation to cope with a variety of situations . then we ←
→ aligning coordinated text streams through burst information network construction and decipherment ; aligning coordinated text streams from multiple sources and multiple languages has opened many new research venues on cross - lingual knowledge discovery . in this paper we aim to advance state - of - the - art by : ( 1 ). extending coarse - grained topic - level knowledge mining to fine - grained information units such as entities and events ; ( 2 ). following a novel data - to - network - to - knowledge ( d2n2k ) paradigm to construct ←
→ landmark guided probabilistic roadmap queries ; a landmark based heuristic is investigated for reducing query phase run - time of the probabilistic roadmap (\ prm ) motion planning method . the heuristic is generated by storing minimum spanning trees from a small number of vertices within the \ prm graph and using these trees to approximate the cost of a shortest path between any two vertices of the graph . the intermediate step of preprocessing the graph increases the time and memory requirements of the classical ←
→ application of deep neural network in estimation of the weld bead parameters ; we present a deep learning approach to estimation of the bead parameters in welding tasks . our model is based on a four - hidden - layer neural network architecture . more specifically , the first three hidden layers of this architecture utilize sigmoid function to produce their respective intermediate outputs . on the other hand , the last hidden layer uses a linear transformation to generate the final output of this architecture . thi ←
→ a riemannian network for spd matrix learning ; symmetric positive definite ( spd ) matrix learning methods have become popular in many image and video processing tasks , thanks to their ability to learn appropriate statistical representations while respecting riemannian geometry of underlying spd manifolds . in this paper we build a riemannian network architecture to open up a new direction of spd matrix non - linear learning in a deep model . in particular , we devise bilinear mapping layers to transform input spd ←
→ paragraphe : a library for parallel knowledge graph embedding ; knowledge graph embedding aims at translating the knowledge graph into numerical representations by transforming the entities and relations into continuous low - dimensional vectors . recently , many methods [ 1 , 5 , 3 , 2 , 6 ] have been proposed to deal with this problem , but existing single - thread implementations of them are time - consuming for large - scale knowledge graphs . here , we design a unified parallel framework to parallelize these methods , whic ←
→ supervised classification using sparse fisher ' s lda ; it is well known that in a supervised classification setting when the number of features is smaller than the number of observations , fisher ' s linear discriminant rule is asymptotically bayes . however , there are numerous modern applications where classification is needed in the high - dimensional setting . naive implementation of fisher ' s rule in this case fails to provide good results because the sample covariance matrix is singular . moreover , by constructi ←
→ self - supervised intrinsic image decomposition ; intrinsic decomposition from a single image is a highly challenging task , due to its inherent ambiguity and the scarcity of training data . in contrast to traditional fully supervised learning approaches , in this paper we propose learning intrinsic image decomposition by explaining the input image . our model , the rendered intrinsics network ( rin ), joins together an image decomposition pipeline , which predicts reflectance , shape , and lighting conditions given a ←
→ thompson sampling is asymptotically optimal in general environments ; we discuss a variant of thompson sampling for nonparametric reinforcement learning in a countable classes of general stochastic environments . these environments can be non - markov , non - ergodic , and partially observable . we show that thompson sampling learns the environment class in the sense that ( 1 ) asymptotically its value converges to the optimal value in mean and ( 2 ) given a recoverability assumption regret is sublinear .←
→ a deep hierarchical approach to lifelong learning in minecraft ; we propose a lifelong learning system that has the ability to reuse and transfer knowledge from one task to another while efficiently retaining the previously learned knowledge - base . knowledge is transferred by learning reusable skills to solve tasks in minecraft , a popular video game which is an unsolved and high - dimensional lifelong learning problem . these reusable skills , which we refer to as deep skill networks , are then incorporated into ←
→ content - based similar document image retrieval using fusion of cnn features ; rapid increase of digitized document give birth to high demand of document image retrieval . while conventional document image retrieval approaches depend on complex ocr - based text recognition and text similarity detection , this paper proposes a new content - based approach , in which more attention is paid to features extraction and fusion . in the proposed approach , multiple features of document images are extracted by different cn ←
→ we built a fake news & click - bait filter : what happened next will blow your mind ! ; it is completely amazing ! fake news and click - baits have totally invaded the cyber space . let us face it : everybody hates them for three simple reasons . reason # 2 will absolutely amaze you . what these can achieve at the time of election will completely blow your mind ! now , we all agree , this cannot go on , you know , somebody has to stop it . so , we did this research on fake news / click - bait detection and trust us , it is total ←
→ determinantal point processes for mini - batch diversification ; we study a mini - batch diversification scheme for stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ). while classical sgd relies on uniformly sampling data points to form a mini - batch , we propose a non - uniform sampling scheme based on the determinantal point process ( dpp ). the dpp relies on a similarity measure between data points and gives low probabilities to mini - batches which contain redundant data , and higher probabilities to mini - batches with more diverse d ←
→ identifying metaphoric antonyms in a corpus analysis of finance articles ; using a corpus of 17 , 000 + financial news reports ( involving over 10m words ), we perform an analysis of the argument - distributions of the up and down verbs used to describe movements of indices , stocks and shares . in study 1 participants identified antonyms of these verbs in a free - response task and a matching task from which the most commonly identified antonyms were compiled . in study 2 , we determined whether the argument - distributi ←
→ numerical approaches for linear left - invariant diffusions on se ( 2 ), their comparison to exact solutions , and their applications in retinal imaging ; left - invariant pde - evolutions on the roto - translation group $ se ( 2 )$ ( and their resolvent equations ) have been widely studied in the fields of cortical modeling and image analysis . they include hypo - elliptic diffusion ( for contour enhancement ) proposed by citti & sarti , and petitot , and they include the direction process ( for contour completion ) proposed by ←
→ improved bilinear pooling with cnns ; bilinear pooling of convolutional neural network ( cnn ) features [ 22 , 23 ], and their compact variants [ 10 ], have been shown to be effective at fine - grained recognition , scene categorization , texture recognition , and visual question - answering tasks among others . the resulting representation captures second - order statistics of convolutional features in a translationally invariant manner . in this paper we investigate various ways of normalizing these statistics to improve t ←
→ enforcing constraints on outputs with unconstrained inference ; increasingly , practitioners apply neural networks to complex problems in natural language processing ( nlp ), such as syntactic parsing , that have rich output structures . many such applications require deterministic constraints on the output values ; for example , requiring that the sequential outputs encode a valid tree . while hidden units might capture such properties , the network is not always able to learn them from the training data alone , and ←
→ an estimation of distribution algorithm for nurse scheduling ; schedules can be built in a similar way to a human scheduler by using a set of rules that involve domain knowledge . this paper presents an estimation of distribution algorithm ( eda ) for the nurse scheduling problem , which involves choosing a suitable scheduling rule from a set for the assignment of each nurse . unlike previous work that used genetic algorithms ( ga ) to implement implicit learning , the learning in the proposed algorithm is explicit ←
→ nonsymbolic text representation ; we introduce the first generic text representation model that is completely nonsymbolic , i . e ., it does not require the availability of a segmentation or tokenization method that attempts to identify words or other symbolic units in text . this applies to training the parameters of the model on a training corpus as well as to applying it when computing the representation of a new text . we show that our model performs better than prior work on an information extraction and a t ←
→ post - editing error correction algorithm for speech recognition using bing spelling suggestion ; asr short for automatic speech recognition is the process of converting a spoken speech into text that can be manipulated by a computer . although asr has several applications , it is still erroneous and imprecise especially if used in a harsh surrounding wherein the input speech is of low quality . this paper proposes a post - editing asr error correction method and algorithm based on bing ' s online spelling suggest ←
→ super - trajectory for video segmentation ; we introduce a novel semi - supervised video segmentation approach based on an efficient video representation , called as " super - trajectory ". each super - trajectory corresponds to a group of compact trajectories that exhibit consistent motion patterns , similar appearance and close spatiotemporal relationships . we generate trajectories using a probabilistic model , which handles occlusions and drifts in a robust and natural way . to reliably group trajectories , we adopt a ←
→ generative diffeomorphic atlas construction from brain and spinal cord mri data ; in this paper we will focus on the potential and on the challenges associated with the development of an integrated brain and spinal cord modelling framework for processing mr neuroimaging data . the aim of the work is to explore how a hierarchical generative model of imaging data , which captures simultaneously the distribution of signal intensities and the variability of anatomical shapes across a large population of subject ←
→ trimmed density ratio estimation ; density ratio estimation is a vital tool in both machine learning and statistical community . however , due to the unbounded nature of density ratio , the estimation procedure can be vulnerable to corrupted data points , which often pushes the estimated ratio toward infinity . in this paper , we present a robust estimator which automatically identifies and trims outliers . the proposed estimator has a convex formulation , and the global optimum can be obtained via subgradient desc ←
→ salgan : visual saliency prediction with generative adversarial networks ; we introduce salgan , a deep convolutional neural network for visual saliency prediction trained with adversarial examples . the first stage of the network consists of a generator model whose weights are learned by back - propagation computed from a binary cross entropy ( bce ) loss over downsampled versions of the saliency maps . the resulting prediction is processed by a discriminator network trained to solve a binary classification task b ←
→ hcrs : a hybrid clothes recommender system based on user ratings and product features ; nowadays , online clothes - selling business has become popular and extremely attractive because of its convenience and cheap - and - fine price . good examples of these successful web sites include yintai . com , vancl . com and shop . vipshop . com which provide thousands of clothes for online shoppers . the challenge for online shoppers lies on how to find a good product from lots of options . in this article , we propose a collaborativ ←
→ multi - instance learning with any hypothesis class ; in the supervised learning setting termed multiple - instance learning ( mil ), the examples are bags of instances , and the bag label is a function of the labels of its instances . typically , this function is the boolean or . the learner observes a sample of bags and the bag labels , but not the instance labels that determine the bag labels . the learner is then required to emit a classification rule for bags based on the sample . mil has numerous applications , and ←
→ deep hyperalignment ; this paper proposes deep hyperalignment ( dha ) as a regularized , deep extension , scalable hyperalignment ( ha ) method , which is well - suited for applying functional alignment to fmri datasets with nonlinearity , high - dimensionality ( broad roi ), and a large number of subjects . unlink previous methods , dha is not limited by a restricted fixed kernel function . further , it uses a parametric approach , rank -$ m $ singular value decomposition ( svd ), and stochastic gradient descent for optimization .←
→ comparison of genetic algorithm and simulated annealing technique for optimal path selection in network routing ; this paper addresses the path selection problem from a known sender to the receiver . the proposed work shows path selection using genetic algorithm ( ga ) and simulated annealing ( sa ) approaches . in genetic algorithm approach , the multi point crossover and mutation helps in determining the optimal path and also alternate path if required . the input to both the algorithms is a learnt module which i ←
→ solving factored mdps with continuous and discrete variables ; although many real - world stochastic planning problems are more naturally formulated by hybrid models with both discrete and continuous variables , current state - of - the - art methods cannot adequately address these problems . we present the first framework that can exploit problem structure for modeling and solving hybrid problems efficiently . we formulate these problems as hybrid markov decision processes ( mdps with continuous and discrete state and ←
→ the ditmarsch tale of wonders - the dynamics of lying ; we propose a dynamic logic of lying , wherein a ' lie that phi ' ( where phi is a formula in the logic ) is an action in the sense of dynamic modal logic , that is interpreted as a state transformer relative to the formula phi . the states that are being transformed are pointed kripke models encoding the uncertainty of agents about their beliefs . lies can be about factual propositions but also about modal formulas , such as the beliefs of other agents or the b ←
→ sample - efficient actor - critic reinforcement learning with supervised data for dialogue management ; deep reinforcement learning ( rl ) methods have significant potential for dialogue policy optimisation . however , they suffer from a poor performance in the early stages of learning . this is especially problematic for on - line learning with real users . two approaches are introduced to tackle this problem . firstly , to speed up the learning process , two sample - efficient neural networks algorithms : trust region ac ←
→ sarcasm sign : interpreting sarcasm with sentiment based monolingual machine translation ; sarcasm is a form of speech in which speakers say the opposite of what they truly mean in order to convey a strong sentiment . in other words , " sarcasm is the giant chasm between what i say , and the person who doesn ' t get it .". in this paper we present the novel task of sarcasm interpretation , defined as the generation of a non - sarcastic utterance conveying the same message as the original sarcastic one . we introduce ←
→ a knowledge compilation map ; we propose a perspective on knowledge compilation which calls for analyzing different compilation approaches according to two key dimensions : the succinctness of the target compilation language , and the class of queries and transformations that the language supports in polytime . we then provide a knowledge compilation map , which analyzes a large number of existing target compilation languages according to their succinctness and their polytime transformations and queries . we arg ←
→ using gaussian processes for rumour stance classification in social media ; social media tend to be rife with rumours while new reports are released piecemeal during breaking news . interestingly , one can mine multiple reactions expressed by social media users in those situations , exploring their stance towards rumours , ultimately enabling the flagging of highly disputed rumours as being potentially false . in this work , we set out to develop an automated , supervised classifier that uses multi - task learning ←
→ scale - constrained unsupervised evaluation method for multi - scale image segmentation ; unsupervised evaluation of segmentation quality is a crucial step in image segmentation applications . previous unsupervised evaluation methods usually lacked the adaptability to multi - scale segmentation . a scale - constrained evaluation method that evaluates segmentation quality according to the specified target scale is proposed in this paper . first , regional saliency and merging cost are employed to describe intra - region ←
→ path - based attention neural model for fine - grained entity typing ; fine - grained entity typing aims to assign entity mentions in the free text with types arranged in a hierarchical structure . traditional distant supervision based methods employ a structured data source as a weak supervision and do not need hand - labeled data , but they neglect the label noise in the automatically labeled training corpus . although recent studies use many features to prune wrong data ahead of training , they suffer from error pro ←
→ brain emotional learning - based prediction model ( for long - term chaotic prediction applications ) ; this study suggests a new prediction model for chaotic time series inspired by the brain emotional learning of mammals . we describe the structure and function of this model , which is referred to as belpm ( brain emotional learning - based prediction model ). structurally , the model mimics the connection between the regions of the limbic system , and functionally it uses weighted k nearest neighbors to imitate the ←
→ neural network based reconstruction of a 3d object from a 2d wireframe ; we propose a new approach for constructing a 3d representation from a 2d wireframe drawing . a drawing is simply a parallel projection of a 3d object onto a 2d surface ; humans are able to recreate mental 3d models from 2d representations very easily , yet the process is very difficult to emulate computationally . we hypothesize that our ability to perform this construction relies on the angles in the 2d scene , among other geometric proper ←
→ learning data triage : linear decoding works for compressive mri ; the standard approach to compressive sampling considers recovering an unknown deterministic signal with certain known structure , and designing the sub - sampling pattern and recovery algorithm based on the known structure . this approach requires looking for a good representation that reveals the signal structure , and solving a non - smooth convex minimization problem ( e . g ., basis pursuit ). in this paper , another approach is considered : we learn a ←
→ information planning for text data ; information planning enables faster learning with fewer training examples . it is particularly applicable when training examples are costly to obtain . this work examines the advantages of information planning for text data by focusing on three supervised models : naive bayes , supervised lda and deep neural networks . we show that planning based on entropy and mutual information outperforms random selection baseline and therefore accelerates learning .←
→ discriminative subnetworks with regularized spectral learning for global - state network data ; data mining practitioners are facing challenges from data with network structure . in this paper , we address a specific class of global - state networks which comprises of a set of network instances sharing a similar structure yet having different values at local nodes . each instance is associated with a global state which indicates the occurrence of an event . the objective is to uncover a small set of discriminativ ←
→ variational algorithms for marginal map ; marginal map problems are notoriously difficult tasks for graphical models . we derive a general variational framework for solving marginal map problems , in which we apply analogues of the bethe , tree - reweighted , and mean field approximations . we then derive a " mixed " message passing algorithm and a convergent alternative using cccp to solve the bp - type approximations . theoretically , we give conditions under which the decoded solution is a global or local optimum , an ←
→ a new path to construct parametric orientation field : sparse fomfe model and compressed sparse fomfe model ; orientation field , representing the fingerprint ridge structure direction , plays a crucial role in fingerprint - related image processing tasks . orientation field is able to be constructed by either non - parametric or parametric methods . in this paper , the advantages and disadvantages regarding to the existing non - parametric and parametric approaches are briefly summarized . with the further investigat ←
→ object category learning and retrieval with weak supervision ; we consider the problem of retrieving objects from image data and learning to classify them into meaningful semantic categories with minimal supervision . to that end , we propose a fully differentiable unsupervised deep clustering approach to learn semantic classes in an end - to - end fashion without individual class labeling using only unlabeled object proposals . the key contributions of our work are 1 ) a kmeans clustering objective where the clust ←
→ on quantum generalizations of information - theoretic measures and their contribution to distributional semantics ; information - theoretic measures such as relative entropy and correlation are extremely useful when modeling or analyzing the interaction of probabilistic systems . we survey the quantum generalization of 5 such measures and point out some of their commonalities and interpretations . in particular we find the application of information theory to distributional semantics useful . by modeling the dis ←
→ multi - frequency image reconstruction for radio - interferometry with self - tuned regularization parameters ; as the world ' s largest radio telescope , the square kilometer array ( ska ) will provide radio interferometric data with unprecedented detail . image reconstruction algorithms for radio interferometry are challenged to scale well with terabyte image sizes never seen before . in this work , we investigate one such 3d image reconstruction algorithm known as muffin ( multi - frequency image reconstruction for rad ←
→ constraining the dynamics of deep probabilistic models ; we introduce a novel generative formulation of deep probabilistic models implementing " soft " constraints on the dynamics of the functions they can model . in particular we develop a flexible methodological framework where the modeled functions and derivatives of a given order are subject to inequality or equality constraints . we characterize the posterior distribution over model and constraint parameters through stochastic variational inference techniq ←
→ metric state space reinforcement learning for a vision - capable mobile robot ; we address the problem of autonomously learning controllers for vision - capable mobile robots . we extend mccallum ' s ( 1995 ) nearest - sequence memory algorithm to allow for general metrics over state - action trajectories . we demonstrate the feasibility of our approach by successfully running our algorithm on a real mobile robot . the algorithm is novel and unique in that it ( a ) explores the environment and learns directly on a mobile ←
→ the correspondence analysis platform for uncovering deep structure in data and information ; we study two aspects of information semantics : ( i ) the collection of all relationships , ( ii ) tracking and spotting anomaly and change . the first is implemented by endowing all relevant information spaces with a euclidean metric in a common projected space . the second is modelled by an induced ultrametric . a very general way to achieve a euclidean embedding of different information spaces based on cross - tabulation ←
→ gradient - free hamiltonian monte carlo with efficient kernel exponential families ; we propose kernel hamiltonian monte carlo ( kmc ), a gradient - free adaptive mcmc algorithm based on hamiltonian monte carlo ( hmc ). on target densities where classical hmc is not an option due to intractable gradients , kmc adaptively learns the target ' s gradient structure by fitting an exponential family model in a reproducing kernel hilbert space . computational costs are reduced by two novel efficient approximations to this g ←
→ application of confidence intervals to the autonomous acquisition of high - level spatial knowledge ; objects in the world usually appear in context , participating in spatial relationships and interactions that are predictable and expected . knowledge of these contexts can be used in the task of using a mobile camera to search for a specified object in a room . we call this the object search task . this paper is concerned with representing this knowledge in a manner facilitating its application to object searc ←
→ noun - phrase co - occurrence statistics for semi - automatic semantic lexicon construction ; generating semantic lexicons semi - automatically could be a great time saver , relative to creating them by hand . in this paper , we present an algorithm for extracting potential entries for a category from an on - line corpus , based upon a small set of exemplars . our algorithm finds more correct terms and fewer incorrect ones than previous work in this area . additionally , the entries that are generated potentially provide ←
→ android malware detection using deep learning on api method sequences ; android os experiences a blazing popularity since the last few years . this predominant platform has established itself not only in the mobile world but also in the internet of things ( iot ) devices . this popularity , however , comes at the expense of security , as it has become a tempting target of malicious apps . hence , there is an increasing need for sophisticated , automatic , and portable malware detection solutions . in this paper , we pro ←
→ dc proximal newton for non - convex optimization problems ; we introduce a novel algorithm for solving learning problems where both the loss function and the regularizer are non - convex but belong to the class of difference of convex ( dc ) functions . our contribution is a new general purpose proximal newton algorithm that is able to deal with such a situation . the algorithm consists in obtaining a descent direction from an approximation of the loss function and then in performing a line search to ensure suffici ←
→ active semi - supervised learning using submodular functions ; we consider active , semi - supervised learning in an offline transductive setting . we show that a previously proposed error bound for active learning on undirected weighted graphs can be generalized by replacing graph cut with an arbitrary symmetric submodular function . arbitrary non - symmetric submodular functions can be used via symmetrization . different choices of submodular functions give different versions of the error bound that are appropriate ←
→ kinship verification from videos using spatio - temporal texture features and deep learning ; automatic kinship verification using facial images is a relatively new and challenging research problem in computer vision . it consists in automatically predicting whether two persons have a biological kin relation by examining their facial attributes . while most of the existing works extract shallow handcrafted features from still face images , we approach this problem from spatio - temporal point of view and explore ←
→ particle swarm optimization based reactive power optimization ; reactive power plays an important role in supporting the real power transfer by maintaining voltage stability and system reliability . it is a critical element for a transmission operator to ensure the reliability of an electric system while minimizing the cost associated with it . the traditional objectives of reactive power dispatch are focused on the technical side of reactive support such as minimization of transmission losses . reactive power ←
→ hierarchical modeling of seed variety yields and decision making for future planting plans ; eradicating hunger and malnutrition is a key development goal of the 21st century . we address the problem of optimally identifying seed varieties to reliably increase crop yield within a risk - sensitive decision - making framework . specifically , we introduce a novel hierarchical machine learning mechanism for predicting crop yield ( the yield of different seed varieties of the same crop ). we integrate this prediction ←
→ learning to draw samples with amortized stein variational gradient descent ; we propose a simple algorithm to train stochastic neural networks to draw samples from given target distributions for probabilistic inference . our method is based on iteratively adjusting the neural network parameters so that the output changes along a stein variational gradient direction ( liu & wang , 2016 ) that maximally decreases the kl divergence with the target distribution . our method works for any target distribution specif ←
→ joint detection and recounting of abnormal events by learning deep generic knowledge ; this paper addresses the problem of joint detection and recounting of abnormal events in videos . recounting of abnormal events , i . e ., explaining why they are judged to be abnormal , is an unexplored but critical task in video surveillance , because it helps human observers quickly judge if they are false alarms or not . to describe the events in the human - understandable form for event recounting , learning generic knowledge ←
→ non - associative learning representation in the nervous system of the nematode caenorhabditis elegans ; caenorhabditis elegans ( c . elegans ) illustrated remarkable behavioral plasticities including complex non - associative and associative learning representations . understanding the principles of such mechanisms presumably leads to constructive inspirations for the design of efficient learning algorithms . in the present study , we postulate a novel approach on modeling single neurons and synapses to study the ←
→ towards social pattern characterization in egocentric photo - streams ; following the increasingly popular trend of social interaction analysis in egocentric vision , this manuscript presents a comprehensive study for automatic social pattern characterization of a wearable photo - camera user , by relying on the visual analysis of egocentric photo - streams . the proposed framework consists of three major steps . the first step is to detect social interactions of the user where the impact of several social signals on ←
→ tiny descriptors for image retrieval with unsupervised triplet hashing ; a typical image retrieval pipeline starts with the comparison of global descriptors from a large database to find a short list of candidate matches . a good image descriptor is key to the retrieval pipeline and should reconcile two contradictory requirements : providing recall rates as high as possible and being as compact as possible for fast matching . following the recent successes of deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnn ) for large ←
→ robots that can adapt like animals ; as robots leave the controlled environments of factories to autonomously function in more complex , natural environments , they will have to respond to the inevitable fact that they will become damaged . however , while animals can quickly adapt to a wide variety of injuries , current robots cannot " think outside the box " to find a compensatory behavior when damaged : they are limited to their pre - specified self - sensing abilities , can diagnose only anticipated failure modes , a ←
→ a hybrid mlp - pnn architecture for fast image superresolution ; image superresolution methods process an input image sequence of a scene to obtain a still image with increased resolution . classical approaches to this problem involve complex iterative minimization procedures , typically with high computational costs . in this paper is proposed a novel algorithm for super - resolution that enables a substantial decrease in computer load . first , a probabilistic neural network architecture is used to perform a scatt ←
→ open - source code for manifold - based 3d rotation recovery of x - ray scattering patterns ; single particle 3d imaging with ultrashort x - ray laser pulses is based on collecting and combining the information content of 2d scattering patterns of an object at different orientations . typical sample - delivery schemes leave little or no room for controlling the orientations . as such , the orientation associated with a given snapshot should be estimated after the experiment . here we present an open - source code for the ←
→ background subtraction - separating the modeling and the inference ; in its early implementations , background modeling was a process of building a model for the background of a video with a stationary camera , and identifying pixels that did not conform well to this model . the pixels that were not well - described by the background model were assumed to be moving objects . many systems today maintain models for the foreground as well as the background , and these models compete to explain the pixels in a video . ←
→ modularity component analysis versus principal component analysis ; in this paper the exact linear relation between the leading eigenvectors of the modularity matrix and the singular vectors of an uncentered data matrix is developed . based on this analysis the concept of a modularity component is defined , and its properties are developed . it is shown that modularity component analysis can be used to cluster data similar to how traditional principal component analysis is used except that modularity component ←
→ a brief review of data mining application involving protein sequence classification ; data mining techniques have been used by researchers for analyzing protein sequences . in protein analysis , especially in protein sequence classification , selection of feature is most important . popular protein sequence classification techniques involve extraction of specific features from the sequences . researchers apply some well - known classification techniques like neural networks , genetic algorithm , fuzzy artmap , roug ←
→ variational inference for the multi - armed contextual bandit ; in many biomedical , science , and engineering problems , one must sequentially decide which action to take next so as to maximize rewards . reinforcement learning is an area of machine learning that studies how this maximization balances exploration and exploitation , optimizing interactions with the world while simultaneously learning how the world operates . one general class of algorithms for this type of learning is the multi - armed bandit setting ←
→ why has ( reasonably accurate ) automatic speech recognition been so hard to achieve ? ; hidden markov models ( hmms ) have been successfully applied to automatic speech recognition for more than 35 years in spite of the fact that a key hmm assumption -- the statistical independence of frames -- is obviously violated by speech data . in fact , this data / model mismatch has inspired many attempts to modify or replace hmms with alternative models that are better able to take into account the statistical dependence ←
→ unsupervised submodular rank aggregation on score - based permutations ; unsupervised rank aggregation on score - based permutations , which is widely used in many applications , has not been deeply explored yet . this work studies the use of submodular optimization for rank aggregation on score - based permutations in an unsupervised way . specifically , we propose an unsupervised approach based on the lovasz bregman divergence for setting up linear structured convex and nested structured concave objective functions .←
→ ultra - low - power wireless streaming cameras ; wireless video streaming has traditionally been considered an extremely power - hungry operation . existing approaches optimize the camera and communication modules individually to minimize their power consumption . however , the joint redesign and optimization of wireless communication as well as the camera is what that provides more power saving . we present an ultra - low - power wireless video streaming camera . to achieve this , we present a novel " analog " video backsca ←
→ learning sentence representation with guidance of human attention ; recently , much progress has been made in learning general - purpose sentence representations that can be used across domains . however , most of the existing models typically treat each word in a sentence equally . in contrast , extensive studies have proven that human read sentences efficiently by making a sequence of fixation and saccades . this motivates us to improve sentence representations by assigning different weights to the vectors of the ←
→ fame : face association through model evolution ; we attack the problem of learning face models for public faces from weakly - labelled images collected from web through querying a name . the data is very noisy even after face detection , with several irrelevant faces corresponding to other people . we propose a novel method , face association through model evolution ( fame ), that is able to prune the data in an iterative way , for the face models associated to a name to evolve . the idea is based on capturing discri ←
→ exploring tradeoffs in pleiotropy and redundancy using evolutionary computing ; evolutionary computation algorithms are increasingly being used to solve optimization problems as they have many advantages over traditional optimization algorithms . in this paper we use evolutionary computation to study the trade - off between pleiotropy and redundancy in a client - server based network . pleiotropy is a term used to describe components that perform multiple tasks , while redundancy refers to multiple components pe ←
→ modelling social structures and hierarchies in language evolution ; language evolution might have preferred certain prior social configurations over others . experiments conducted with models of different social structures ( varying subgroup interactions and the role of a dominant interlocutor ) suggest that having isolated agent groups rather than an interconnected agent is more advantageous for the emergence of a social communication system . distinctive groups that are closely connected by communication yiel ←
→ image search reranking ; the existing methods for image search reranking suffer from the unfaithfulness of the assumptions under which the text - based images search result . the resulting images contain more irrelevant images . hence the re ranking concept arises to re rank the retrieved images based on the text around the image and data of data of image and visual feature of image . a number of methods are differentiated for this re - ranking . the high ranked images are used as noisy data and a k means algorithm ←
→ miml - fcn +: multi - instance multi - label learning via fully convolutional networks with privileged information ; multi - instance multi - label ( miml ) learning has many interesting applications in computer visions , including multi - object recognition and automatic image tagging . in these applications , additional information such as bounding - boxes , image captions and descriptions is often available during training phrase , which is referred as privileged information ( pi ). however , as existing works on learning usin ←
→ humor : a crowd - annotated spanish corpus for humor analysis ; computational humor , as the name implies , studies humor from a computational perspective , and it fosters several tasks , such as humor recognition , humor generation and humor scoring . the area has been little explored , making it attractive to tackle by novel natural language processing and machine learning techniques . however , human - curated data is necessary . in this work we present a corpus of almost 40 , 000 tweets written in spanish and crowd - anno ←
→ validation and topic - driven ranking for biomedical hypothesis generation systems ; literature underpins research , providing the foundation for new ideas . but as the pace of science accelerates , many researchers struggle to stay current . to expedite their searches , some scientists leverage hypothesis generation ( hg ) systems , which can automatically inspect published papers to uncover novel implicit connections . with no foreseeable end to the driving pace of research , we expect these systems will become cru ←
→ learning multi - grid generative convnets by minimal contrastive divergence ; this paper proposes a minimal contrastive divergence method for learning energy - based generative convnet models of images at multiple grids ( or scales ) simultaneously . for each grid , we learn an energy - based probabilistic model where the energy function is defined by a bottom - up convolutional neural network ( convnet or cnn ). learning such a model requires generating synthesized examples from the model . within each iteration of our ←
→ using sentence - level lstm language models for script inference ; there is a small but growing body of research on statistical scripts , models of event sequences that allow probabilistic inference of implicit events from documents . these systems operate on structured verb - argument events produced by an nlp pipeline . we compare these systems with recent recurrent neural net models that directly operate on raw tokens to predict sentences , finding the latter to be roughly comparable to the former in terms of pr ←
→ maximizing non - monotone dr - submodular functions with cardinality constraints ; we consider the problem of maximizing a non - monotone dr - submodular function subject to a cardinality constraint . diminishing returns ( dr ) submodularity is a generalization of the diminishing returns property for functions defined over the integer lattice . this generalization can be used to solve many machine learning or combinatorial optimization problems such as optimal budget allocation , revenue maximization , etc . in this wor ←
→ measuring neural net robustness with constraints ; despite having high accuracy , neural nets have been shown to be susceptible to adversarial examples , where a small perturbation to an input can cause it to become mislabeled . we propose metrics for measuring the robustness of a neural net and devise a novel algorithm for approximating these metrics based on an encoding of robustness as a linear program . we show how our metrics can be used to evaluate the robustness of deep neural nets with experiments on th ←
→ cross - lingual speaker verification with deep feature learning ; existing speaker verification ( sv ) systems often suffer from performance degradation if there is any language mismatch between model training , speaker enrollment , and test . a major cause of this degradation is that most existing sv methods rely on a probabilistic model to infer the speaker factor , so any significant change on the distribution of the speech signal will impact the inference . recently , we proposed a deep learning model that can le ←
→ on epsilon - optimality of the pursuit learning algorithm ; estimator algorithms in learning automata are useful tools for adaptive , real - time optimization in computer science and engineering applications . this paper investigates theoretical convergence properties for a special case of estimator algorithms : the pursuit learning algorithm . in this note , we identify and fill a gap in existing proofs of probabilistic convergence for pursuit learning . it is tradition to take the pursuit learning tuning parameter ←
→ estimating sectoral pollution load in lagos , nigeria using data mining techniques ; industrial pollution is often considered to be one of the prime factors contributing to air , water and soil pollution . sectoral pollution loads ( ton / yr ) into different media ( i . e . air , water and land ) in lagos were estimated using industrial pollution projected system ( ipps ). these were further studied using artificial neural networks ( anns ), a data mining technique that has the ability of detecting and describing patterns ←
→ improving small object proposals for company logo detection ; many modern approaches for object detection are two - staged pipelines . the first stage identifies regions of interest which are then classified in the second stage . faster r - cnn is such an approach for object detection which combines both stages into a single pipeline . in this paper we apply faster r - cnn to the task of company logo detection . motivated by its weak performance on small object instances , we examine in detail both the proposal and th ←
→ a statistical modeling approach to computer - aided quantification of dental biofilm ; biofilm is a formation of microbial material on tooth substrata . several methods to quantify dental biofilm coverage have recently been reported in the literature , but at best they provide a semi - automated approach to quantification with significant input from a human grader that comes with the graders bias of what are foreground , background , biofilm , and tooth . additionally , human assessment indices limit the resolution ←
→ interpretable explanations of black boxes by meaningful perturbation ; as machine learning algorithms are increasingly applied to high impact yet high risk tasks , such as medical diagnosis or autonomous driving , it is critical that researchers can explain how such algorithms arrived at their predictions . in recent years , a number of image saliency methods have been developed to summarize where highly complex neural networks " look " in an image for evidence for their predictions . however , these techniques are ←
→ a comprehensive review of 3d point cloud descriptors ; the introduction of inexpensive 3d data acquisition devices has promisingly facilitated the wide availability and popularity of 3d point cloud , which attracts more attention on the effective extraction of novel 3d point cloud descriptors for accurate and efficient of 3d computer vision tasks . however , how to de - velop discriminative and robust feature descriptors from various point clouds remains a challenging task . this paper comprehensively investigat ←
→ nonconvex penalties with analytical solutions for one - bit compressive sensing ; one - bit measurements widely exist in the real world , and they can be used to recover sparse signals . this task is known as the problem of learning halfspaces in learning theory and one - bit compressive sensing ( 1bit - cs ) in signal processing . in this paper , we propose novel algorithms based on both convex and nonconvex sparsity - inducing penalties for robust 1bit - cs . we provide a sufficient condition to verify whether a solution ←
→ rough extreme learning machine : a new classification method based on uncertainty measure ; extreme learning machine ( elm ) is a new single hidden layer feedback neural network . the weights of the input layer and the biases of neurons in hidden layer are randomly generated , the weights of the output layer can be analytically determined . elm has been achieved good results for a large number of classification tasks . in this paper , a new extreme learning machine called rough extreme learning machine ( relm ) was ←
→ cmu livemedqa at trec 2017 liveqa : a consumer health question answering system ; in this paper , we present livemedqa , a question answering system that is optimized for consumer health question . on top of the general qa system pipeline , we introduce several new features that aim to exploit domain - specific knowledge and entity structures for better performance . this includes a question type / focus analyzer based on deep text classification model , a tree - based knowledge graph for answer generation and a compl ←
→ a classifying variational autoencoder with application to polyphonic music generation ; the variational autoencoder ( vae ) is a popular probabilistic generative model . however , one shortcoming of vaes is that the latent variables cannot be discrete , which makes it difficult to generate data from different modes of a distribution . here , we propose an extension of the vae framework that incorporates a classifier to infer the discrete class of the modeled data . to model sequential data , we can combine our cla ←
→ on the insufficiency of existing momentum schemes for stochastic optimization ; momentum based stochastic gradient methods such as heavy ball ( hb ) and nesterov ' s accelerated gradient descent ( nag ) method are widely used in practice for training deep networks and other supervised learning models , as they often provide significant improvements over stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ). rigorously speaking , " fast gradient " methods have provable improvements over gradient descent only for the deterministic case ,←
→ unsupervised feature learning from temporal data ; current state - of - the - art classification and detection algorithms rely on supervised training . in this work we study unsupervised feature learning in the context of temporally coherent video data . we focus on feature learning from unlabeled video data , using the assumption that adjacent video frames contain semantically similar information . this assumption is exploited to train a convolutional pooling auto - encoder regularized by slowness and sparsity . we est ←
→ improving cur matrix decomposition and the nyström approximation via adaptive sampling ; the cur matrix decomposition and the nystr \"{ o } m approximation are two important low - rank matrix approximation techniques . the nystr \"{ o } m method approximates a symmetric positive semidefinite matrix in terms of a small number of its columns , while cur approximates an arbitrary data matrix by a small number of its columns and rows . thus , cur decomposition can be regarded as an extension of the nystr \"{ o } m approximatio ←
→ do deep nets really need weight decay and dropout ? ; the impressive success of modern deep neural networks on computer vision tasks has been achieved through models of very large capacity compared to the number of available training examples . this overparameterization is often said to be controlled with the help of different regularization techniques , mainly weight decay and dropout . however , since these techniques reduce the effective capacity of the model , typically even deeper and wider architectures are ←
→ word embeddings via tensor factorization ; most popular word embedding techniques involve implicit or explicit factorization of a word co - occurrence based matrix into low rank factors . in this paper , we aim to generalize this trend by using numerical methods to factor higher - order word co - occurrence based arrays , or \ textit { tensors }. we present four word embeddings using tensor factorization and analyze their advantages and disadvantages . one of our main contributions is a novel joint symmetric tensor facto ←
→ qmdp - net : deep learning for planning under partial observability ; this paper introduces the qmdp - net , a neural network architecture for planning under partial observability . the qmdp - net combines the strengths of model - free learning and model - based planning . it is a recurrent policy network , but it represents a policy for a parameterized set of tasks by connecting a model with a planning algorithm that solves the model , thus embedding the solution structure of planning in a network learning architecture . t ←
→ precise recovery of latent vectors from generative adversarial networks ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) transform latent vectors into visually plausible images . it is generally thought that the original gan formulation gives no out - of - the - box method to reverse the mapping , projecting images back into latent space . we introduce a simple , gradient - based technique called stochastic clipping . in experiments , for images generated by the gan , we precisely recover their latent vector pre - images 100 % of th ←
→ innovated interaction screening for high - dimensional nonlinear classification ; this paper is concerned with the problems of interaction screening and nonlinear classification in a high - dimensional setting . we propose a two - step procedure , iis - sqda , where in the first step an innovated interaction screening ( iis ) approach based on transforming the original $ p $- dimensional feature vector is proposed , and in the second step a sparse quadratic discriminant analysis ( sqda ) is proposed for further selecting im ←
→ distributed bayesian matrix factorization with limited communication ; bayesian matrix factorization ( bmf ) is a powerful tool for producing low - rank representations of matrices and for predicting missing values and their confidence intervals . scaling up the posterior inference for massive - scale matrices is challenging and requires distributing both data and computation over many workers , making communication the main computational bottleneck . embarrassingly parallel inference would remove the communication ←
→ avoiding your teacher ' s mistakes : training neural networks with controlled weak supervision ; training deep neural networks requires massive amounts of training data , but for many tasks only limited labeled data is available . this makes weak supervision attractive , using weak or noisy signals like the output of heuristic methods or user click - through data for training . in a semi - supervised setting , we can use a large set of data with weak labels to pretrain a neural network and then fine - tune the paramete ←
→ distributed planning in hierarchical factored mdps ; we present a principled and efficient planning algorithm for collaborative multiagent dynamical systems . all computation , during both the planning and the execution phases , is distributed among the agents ; each agent only needs to model and plan for a small part of the system . each of these local subsystems is small , but once they are combined they can represent an exponentially larger problem . the subsystems are connected through a subsystem hierarchy . c ←
→ atpboost : learning premise selection in binary setting with atp feedback ; atpboost is a system for solving sets of large - theory problems by interleaving atp runs with state - of - the - art machine learning of premise selection from the proofs . unlike many previous approaches that use multi - label setting , the learning is implemented as binary classification that estimates the pairwise - relevance of ( theorem , premise ) pairs . atpboost uses for this the xgboost gradient boosting algorithm , which is fast and has stat ←
→ convolutional matching pursuit and dictionary training ; matching pursuit and k - svd is demonstrated in the translation invariant setting ←
→ visual interaction networks ; from just a glance , humans can make rich predictions about the future state of a wide range of physical systems . on the other hand , modern approaches from engineering , robotics , and graphics are often restricted to narrow domains and require direct measurements of the underlying states . we introduce the visual interaction network , a general - purpose model for learning the dynamics of a physical system from raw visual observations . our model consists of a perceptual front - end bas ←
→ smart mining for deep metric learning ; to solve deep metric learning problems and producing feature embeddings , current methodologies will commonly use a triplet model to minimise the relative distance between samples from the same class and maximise the relative distance between samples from different classes . though successful , the training convergence of this triplet model can be compromised by the fact that the vast majority of the training samples will produce gradients with magnitudes that are close ←
→ trimming and improving skip - thought vectors ; the skip - thought model has been proven to be effective at learning sentence representations and capturing sentence semantics . in this paper , we propose a suite of techniques to trim and improve it . first , we validate a hypothesis that , given a current sentence , inferring the previous and inferring the next sentence provide similar supervision power , therefore only one decoder for predicting the next sentence is preserved in our trimmed skip - thought model . second ←
→ adams conditioning and likelihood ratio transfer mediated inference ; forensic science advocates the use of inference mechanisms which may be viewed as simple multi - agent protocols . an important protocol of this kind involves an agent fe ( forensic expert ) who communicates to a second agent tof ( trier of fact ) first its value of a certain likelihood ratio with respect to its own belief state which is supposed to be captured by a probability function on fe ' s proposition space . subsequently fe communicates its ←
→ inverted residuals and linear bottlenecks : mobile networks for classification , detection and segmentation ; in this paper we describe a new mobile architecture , mobilenetv2 , that improves the state of the art performance of mobile models on multiple tasks and benchmarks as well as across a spectrum of different model sizes . we also describe efficient ways of applying these mobile models to object detection in a novel framework we call ssdlite . additionally , we demonstrate how to build mobile semantic segm ←
→ filtered channel features for pedestrian detection ; this paper starts from the observation that multiple top performing pedestrian detectors can be modelled by using an intermediate layer filtering low - level features in combination with a boosted decision forest . based on this observation we propose a unifying framework and experimentally explore different filter families . we report extensive results enabling a systematic analysis . using filtered channel features we obtain top performance on the challeng ←
→ comparative discourse analysis of parallel texts ; a quantitative representation of discourse structure can be computed by measuring lexical cohesion relations among adjacent blocks of text . these representations have been proposed to deal with sub - topic text segmentation . in a parallel corpus , similar representations can be derived for versions of a text in various languages . these can be used for parallel segmentation and as an alternative measure of text - translation similarity .←
→ on learning finite - state quantum sources ; we examine the complexity of learning the distributions produced by finite - state quantum sources . we show how prior techniques for learning hidden markov models can be adapted to the quantum generator model to find that the analogous state of affairs holds : information - theoretically , a polynomial number of samples suffice to approximately identify the distribution , but computationally , the problem is as hard as learning parities with noise , a notorious open questio ←
→ an efficient technique for similarity identification between ontologies ; ontologies usually suffer from the semantic heterogeneity when simultaneously used in information sharing , merging , integrating and querying processes . therefore , the similarity identification between ontologies being used becomes a mandatory task for all these processes to handle the problem of semantic heterogeneity . in this paper , we propose an efficient technique for similarity measurement between two ontologies . the proposed tech ←
→ experiments with infinite - horizon , policy - gradient estimation ; in this paper , we present algorithms that perform gradient ascent of the average reward in a partially observable markov decision process ( pomdp ). these algorithms are based on gpomdp , an algorithm introduced in a companion paper ( baxter and bartlett , this volume ), which computes biased estimates of the performance gradient in pomdps . the algorithm ' s chief advantages are that it uses only one free parameter beta , which has a natural interpretat ←
→ need for speed : a benchmark for higher frame rate object tracking ; in this paper , we propose the first higher frame rate video dataset ( called need for speed - nfs ) and benchmark for visual object tracking . the dataset consists of 100 videos ( 380k frames ) captured with now commonly available higher frame rate ( 240 fps ) cameras from real world scenarios . all frames are annotated with axis aligned bounding boxes and all sequences are manually labelled with nine visual attributes - such as occlusion , fast mot ←
→ an empirical evaluation of deep learning for icd - 9 code assignment using mimic - iii clinical notes ; code assignment is important on many levels in the modern hospital , from ensuring accurate billing process to creating a valid record of patient care history . however , the coding process is tedious , subjective , and requires medical coders with extensive training . the objective of this study is to evaluate the performance of deep learning based systems to automatically map clinical notes to medical codes . we ←
→ learning with privileged information for multi - label classification ; in this paper , we propose a novel approach for learning multi - label classifiers with the help of privileged information . specifically , we use similarity constraints to capture the relationship between available information and privileged information , and use ranking constraints to capture the dependencies among multiple labels . by integrating similarity constraints and ranking constraints into the learning process of classifiers , the priv ←
→ comparative study of cnn and rnn for natural language processing ; deep neural networks ( dnn ) have revolutionized the field of natural language processing ( nlp ). convolutional neural network ( cnn ) and recurrent neural network ( rnn ), the two main types of dnn architectures , are widely explored to handle various nlp tasks . cnn is supposed to be good at extracting position - invariant features and rnn at modeling units in sequence . the state of the art on many nlp tasks often switches due to the battle between c ←
→ multiple object tracking : a literature review ; multiple object tracking ( mot ) is an important computer vision problem which has gained increasing attention due to its academic and commercial potential . although different kinds of approaches have been proposed to tackle this problem , it still remains challenging due to factors like abrupt appearance changes and severe object occlusions . in this work , we contribute the first comprehensive and most recent review on this problem . we inspect the recent advances ←
→ reprogramming matter , life , and purpose ; reprogramming matter may sound far - fetched , but we have been doing it with increasing power and staggering efficiency for at least 60 years , and for centuries we have been paving the way toward the ultimate reprogrammed fate of the universe , the vessel of all programs . how will we be doing it in 60 years ' time and how will it impact life and the purpose both of machines and of humans ?←
→ cross - lingual dependency parsing with late decoding for truly low - resource languages ; in cross - lingual dependency annotation projection , information is often lost during transfer because of early decoding . we present an end - to - end graph - based neural network dependency parser that can be trained to reproduce matrices of edge scores , which can be directly projected across word alignments . we show that our approach to cross - lingual dependency parsing is not only simpler , but also achieves an absolute improv ←
→ risas : a novel rotation , illumination , scale invariant appearance and shape feature ; this paper presents a novel appearance and shape feature , risas , which is robust to viewpoint , illumination , scale and rotation variations . risas consists of a keypoint detector and a feature descriptor both of which utilise texture and geometric information present in the appearance and shape channels . a novel response function based on the surface normals is used in combination with the harris corner detector for selec ←
→ reduced cost - based ranking for generating promising subproblems ; in this paper , we propose an effective search procedure that interleaves two steps : subproblem generation and subproblem solution . we mainly focus on the first part . it consists of a variable domain value ranking based on reduced costs . exploiting the ranking , we generate , in a limited discrepancy search tree , the most promising subproblems first . an interesting result is that reduced costs provide a very precise ranking that allows to almost ←
→ evolving dynamic change and exchange of genotype encoding in genetic algorithms for difficult optimization problems ; the application of genetic algorithms ( gas ) to many optimization problems in organizations often results in good performance and high quality solutions . for successful and efficient use of gas , it is not enough to simply apply simple gas ( sgas ). in addition , it is necessary to find a proper representation for the problem and to develop appropriate search operators that fit well to the prop ←
→ belief - rule - based expert systems for evaluation of e - government : a case study ; little knowledge exists on the impact and results associated with e - government projects in many specific use domains . therefore it is necessary to evaluate the efficiency and effectiveness of e - government systems . since the development of e - government is a continuous process of improvement , it requires continuous evaluation of the overall e - government system as well as evaluation of its various dimensions such as determinants ←
→ combining multiple cues for visual madlibs question answering ; this paper presents an approach for answering fill - in - the - blank multiple choice questions from the visual madlibs dataset . instead of generic and commonly used representations trained on the imagenet classification task , our approach employs a combination of networks trained for specialized tasks such as scene recognition , person activity classification , and attribute prediction . we also present a method for localizing phrases from candidate an ←
→ discriminative k - means clustering ; the k - means algorithm is a partitional clustering method . over 60 years old , it has been successfully used for a variety of problems . the popularity of k - means is in large part a consequence of its simplicity and efficiency . in this paper we are inspired by these appealing properties of k - means in the development of a clustering algorithm which accepts the notion of " positively " and " negatively " labelled data . the goal is to discover the cluster structure of both positive ←
→ towards distribution - free multi - armed bandits with combinatorial strategies ; in this paper we study a generalized version of classical multi - armed bandits ( mabs ) problem by allowing for arbitrary constraints on constituent bandits at each decision point . the motivation of this study comes from many situations that involve repeatedly making choices subject to arbitrary constraints in an uncertain environment : for instance , regularly deciding which advertisements to display online in order to gain high cli ←
→ an mdp - based recommender system ; typical recommender systems adopt a static view of the recommendation process and treat it as a prediction problem . we argue that it is more appropriate to view the problem of generating recommendations as a sequential decision problem and , consequently , that markov decision processes ( mdp ) provide a more appropriate model for recommender systems . mdps introduce two benefits : they take into account the long - term effects of each recommendation , and they take into account the ←
→ translating questions into answers using dbpedia n - triples ; in this paper we present a question answering system using a neural network to interpret questions learned from the dbpedia repository . we train a sequence - to - sequence neural network model with n - triples extracted from the dbpedia infobox properties . since these properties do not represent the natural language , we further used question - answer dialogues from movie subtitles . although the automatic evaluation shows a low overlap of the generated ans ←
→ deep expander networks : efficient deep networks from graph theory ; deep neural networks , while being unreasonably effective for several vision tasks , have their usage limited by the computational and memory requirements , both during training and inference stages . analyzing and improving the connectivity patterns between layers of a network has resulted in several compact architectures like googlenet , resnet and densenet - bc . in this work , we utilize results from graph theory to develop an efficient connecti ←
→ variational learning in mixed - state dynamic graphical models ; many real - valued stochastic time - series are locally linear ( gassian ), but globally non - linear . for example , the trajectory of a human hand gesture can be viewed as a linear dynamic system driven by a nonlinear dynamic system that represents muscle actions . we present a mixed - state dynamic graphical model in which a hidden markov model drives a linear dynamic system . this combination allows us to model both the discrete and continuous causes of t ←
→ nonparametric variational auto - encoders for hierarchical representation learning ; the recently developed variational autoencoders ( vaes ) have proved to be an effective confluence of the rich representational power of neural networks with bayesian methods . however , most work on vaes use a rather simple prior over the latent variables such as standard normal distribution , thereby restricting its applications to relatively simple phenomena . in this work , we propose hierarchical nonparametric variational aut ←
→ interactive medical image segmentation using deep learning with image - specific fine - tuning ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have achieved state - of - the - art performance for automatic medical image segmentation . however , they have not demonstrated sufficiently accurate and robust results for clinical use . in addition , they are limited by the lack of image - specific adaptation and the lack of generalizability to previously unseen object classes . to address these problems , we propose a novel deep learning ←
→ when kernel methods meet feature learning : log - covariance network for action recognition from skeletal data ; human action recognition from skeletal data is a hot research topic and important in many open domain applications of computer vision , thanks to recently introduced 3d sensors . in the literature , naive methods simply transfer off - the - shelf techniques from video to the skeletal representation . however , the current state - of - the - art is contended between to different paradigms : kernel - based methods an ←
→ an approximate nonmyopic computation for value of information ; value - of - information analyses provide a straightforward means for selecting the best next observation to make , and for determining whether it is better to gather additional information or to act immediately . determining the next best test to perform , given a state of uncertainty about the world , requires a consideration of the value of making all possible sequences of observations . in practice , decision analysts and expert - system designers have ←
→ view - tolerant face recognition and hebbian learning imply mirror - symmetric neural tuning to head orientation ; the primate brain contains a hierarchy of visual areas , dubbed the ventral stream , which rapidly computes object representations that are both specific for object identity and relatively robust against identity - preserving transformations like depth - rotations . current computational models of object recognition , including recent deep learning networks , generate these properties through a hierarchy ←
→ joint pos tagging and stemming for agglutinative languages ; the number of word forms in agglutinative languages is theoretically infinite and this variety in word forms introduces sparsity in many natural language processing tasks . part - of - speech tagging ( pos tagging ) is one of these tasks that often suffers from sparsity . in this paper , we present an unsupervised bayesian model using hidden markov models ( hmms ) for joint pos tagging and stemming for agglutinative languages . we use stemming to reduce spars ←
→ two - dimensional arma modeling for breast cancer detection and classification ; we propose a new model - based computer - aided diagnosis ( cad ) system for tumor detection and classification ( cancerous v . s . benign ) in breast images . specifically , we show that ( x - ray , ultrasound and mri ) images can be accurately modeled by two - dimensional autoregressive - moving average ( arma ) random fields . we derive a two - stage yule - walker least - squares estimates of the model parameters , which are subsequently used as the basis ←
→ neural decision trees ; in this paper we propose a synergistic melting of neural networks and decision trees ( dt ) we call neural decision trees ( ndt ). ndt is an architecture a la decision tree where each splitting node is an independent multilayer perceptron allowing oblique decision functions or arbritrary nonlinear decision function if more than one layer is used . this way , each mlp can be seen as a node of the tree . we then show that with the weight sharing asumption among those units , we end up with a h ←
→ upgrading from gaussian processes to student ' s - t processes ; gaussian process priors are commonly used in aerospace design for performing bayesian optimization . nonetheless , gaussian processes suffer two significant drawbacks : outliers are a priori assumed unlikely , and the posterior variance conditioned on observed data depends only on the locations of those data , not the associated sample values . student ' s - t processes are a generalization of gaussian processes , founded on the student ' s - t distribution inst ←
→ semi - supervised learning with density based distances ; we present a simple , yet effective , approach to semi - supervised learning . our approach is based on estimating density - based distances ( dbd ) using a shortest path calculation on a graph . these graph - dbd estimates can then be used in any distance - based supervised learning method , such as nearest neighbor methods and svms with rbf kernels . in order to apply the method to very large data sets , we also present a novel algorithm which integrates nearest neig ←
→ some experimental issues in financial fraud detection : an investigation ; financial fraud detection is an important problem with a number of design aspects to consider . issues such as algorithm selection and performance analysis will affect the perceived ability of proposed solutions , so for auditors and re - searchers to be able to sufficiently detect financial fraud it is necessary that these issues be thoroughly explored . in this paper we will revisit the key performance metrics used for financial fraud de ←
→ active inference for binary symmetric hidden markov models ; we consider active maximum a posteriori ( map ) inference problem for hidden markov models ( hmm ), where , given an initial map estimate of the hidden sequence , we select to label certain states in the sequence to improve the estimation accuracy of the remaining states . we develop an analytical approach to this problem for the case of binary symmetric hmms , and obtain a closed form solution that relates the expected error reduction to model parameters ←
→ deepgauge : comprehensive and multi - granularity testing criteria for gauging the robustness of deep learning systems ; deep learning defines a new data - driven programming paradigm that constructs the internal system logic of a crafted neuron network through a set of training data . deep learning ( dl ) has been widely adopted in many safety - critical scenarios . however , a plethora of studies have shown that the state - of - the - art dl systems suffer from various vulnerabilities which can lead to severe consequence ←
→ end - to - end training approaches for discriminative segmental models ; recent work on discriminative segmental models has shown that they can achieve competitive speech recognition performance , using features based on deep neural frame classifiers . however , segmental models can be more challenging to train than standard frame - based approaches . while some segmental models have been successfully trained end to end , there is a lack of understanding of their training under different settings and with different lo ←
→ low - level vision by consensus in a spatial hierarchy of regions ; we introduce a multi - scale framework for low - level vision , where the goal is estimating physical scene values from image data --- such as depth from stereo image pairs . the framework uses a dense , overlapping set of image regions at multiple scales and a " local model ," such as a slanted - plane model for stereo disparity , that is expected to be valid piecewise across the visual field . estimation is cast as optimization over a dichotomous mixture ←
→ efficient orthogonal parametrisation of recurrent neural networks using householder reflections ; the problem of learning long - term dependencies in sequences using recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) is still a major challenge . recent methods have been suggested to solve this problem by constraining the transition matrix to be unitary during training which ensures that its norm is equal to one and prevents exploding gradients . these methods either have limited expressiveness or scale poorly with the size of ←
→ recurrent saliency transformation network : incorporating multi - stage visual cues for small organ segmentation ; we aim at segmenting small organs ( e . g ., the pancreas ) from abdominal ct scans . as the target often occupies a relatively small region in the input image , deep neural networks can be easily confused by the complex and variable background . to alleviate this , researchers proposed a coarse - to - fine approach , which used prediction from the first ( coarse ) stage to indicate a smaller input region for t ←
→ unrolled generative adversarial networks ; we introduce a method to stabilize generative adversarial networks ( gans ) by defining the generator objective with respect to an unrolled optimization of the discriminator . this allows training to be adjusted between using the optimal discriminator in the generator ' s objective , which is ideal but infeasible in practice , and using the current value of the discriminator , which is often unstable and leads to poor solutions . we show how this technique solves the common ←
→ learning conditional independence structure for high - dimensional uncorrelated vector processes ; we formulate and analyze a graphical model selection method for inferring the conditional independence graph of a high - dimensional nonstationary gaussian random process ( time series ) from a finite - length observation . the observed process samples are assumed uncorrelated over time and having a time - varying marginal distribution . the selection method is based on testing conditional variances obtained for small s ←
→ flow fields : dense correspondence fields for highly accurate large displacement optical flow estimation ; modern large displacement optical flow algorithms usually use an initialization by either sparse descriptor matching techniques or dense approximate nearest neighbor fields . while the latter have the advantage of being dense , they have the major disadvantage of being very outlier prone as they are not designed to find the optical flow , but the visually most similar correspondence . in this paper we pre ←
→ turn segmentation into utterances for arabic spontaneous dialogues and instance messages ; text segmentation task is an essential processing task for many of natural language processing ( nlp ) such as text summarization , text translation , dialogue language understanding , among others . turns segmentation considered the key player in dialogue understanding task for building automatic human - computer systems . in this paper , we introduce a novel approach to turn segmentation into utterances for egyptian spontan ←
→ a general framework for the recognition of online handwritten graphics ; we propose a new framework for the recognition of online handwritten graphics . three main features of the framework are its ability to treat symbol and structural level information in an integrated way , its flexibility with respect to different families of graphics , and means to control the tradeoff between recognition effectiveness and computational cost . we model a graphic as a labeled graph generated from a graph grammar . non - termin ←
→ a set theoretic approach for knowledge representation : the representation part ; in this paper , we propose a set theoretic approach for knowledge representation . while the syntax of an application domain is captured by set theoretic constructs including individuals , concepts and operators , knowledge is formalized by equality assertions . we first present a primitive form that uses minimal assumed knowledge and constructs . then , assuming naive set theory , we extend it by definitions , which are special kinds ←
→ autoencoding variational inference for topic models ; topic models are one of the most popular methods for learning representations of text , but a major challenge is that any change to the topic model requires mathematically deriving a new inference algorithm . a promising approach to address this problem is autoencoding variational bayes ( aevb ), but it has proven diffi - cult to apply to topic models in practice . we present what is to our knowledge the first effective aevb based inference method for latent d ←
→ transformation - based learning in the fast lane ; transformation - based learning has been successfully employed to solve many natural language processing problems . it achieves state - of - the - art performance on many natural language processing tasks and does not overtrain easily . however , it does have a serious drawback : the training time is often intorelably long , especially on the large corpora which are often used in nlp . in this paper , we present a novel and realistic method for speeding up the training time ←
→ nonnegative matrix underapproximation for robust multiple model fitting ; in this work , we introduce a highly efficient algorithm to address the nonnegative matrix underapproximation ( nmu ) problem , i . e ., nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) with an additional underapproximation constraint . nmu results are interesting as , compared to traditional nmf , they present additional sparsity and part - based behavior , explaining unique data features . to show these features in practice , we first present an application ←
→ analysis of proposed pde - based underwater image enhancement algorithms ; this report describes the experimental analysis of proposed underwater image enhancement algorithms based on partial differential equations ( pdes ). the algorithms perform simultaneous smoothing and enhancement due to the combination of both processes within the pde - formulation . the framework enables the incorporation of suitable colour and contrast enhancement algorithms within one unified functional . additional modification of the for ←
→ automatic extraction of subcategorization frames for czech ; we present some novel machine learning techniques for the identification of subcategorization information for verbs in czech . we compare three different statistical techniques applied to this problem . we show how the learning algorithm can be used to discover previously unknown subcategorization frames from the czech prague dependency treebank . the algorithm can then be used to label dependents of a verb in the czech treebank as either arguments o ←
→ the production of probabilistic entropy in structure / action contingency relations ; luhmann ( 1984 ) defined society as a communication system which is structurally coupled to , but not an aggregate of , human action systems . the communication system is then considered as self - organizing (" autopoietic "), as are human actors . communication systems can be studied by using shannon ' s ( 1948 ) mathematical theory of communication . the update of a network by action at one of the local nodes is then a well - known probl ←
→ modifiable combining functions ; modifiable combining functions are a synthesis of two common approaches to combining evidence . they offer many of the advantages of these approaches and avoid some disadvantages . because they facilitate the acquisition , representation , explanation , and modification of knowledge about combinations of evidence , they are proposed as a tool for knowledge engineers who build systems that reason under uncertainty , not as a normative theory of evidence .←
→ a convergent online single time scale actor critic algorithm ; actor - critic based approaches were among the first to address reinforcement learning in a general setting . recently , these algorithms have gained renewed interest due to their generality , good convergence properties , and possible biological relevance . in this paper , we introduce an online temporal difference based actor - critic algorithm which is proved to converge to a neighborhood of a local maximum of the average reward . linear function approx ←
→ bsvm : a banded suport vector machine ; we describe a novel binary classification technique called banded svm ( b - svm ). in the standard c - svm formulation of cortes et al . ( 1995 ), the decision rule is encouraged to lie in the interval [ 1 , \ infty ]. the new b - svm objective function contains a penalty term that encourages the decision rule to lie in a user specified range [\ rho_1 , \ rho_2 ]. in addition to the standard set of support vectors ( svs ) near the class boundaries , b - svm results in a second set of svs in t ←
→ measuring latent causal structure ; discovering latent representations of the observed world has become increasingly more relevant in data analysis . much of the effort concentrates on building latent variables which can be used in prediction problems , such as classification and regression . a related goal of learning latent structure from data is that of identifying which hidden common causes generate the observations , such as in applications that require predicting the effect of policies . this will be the m ←
→ multimodal registration of retinal images using domain - specific landmarks and vessel enhancement ; the analysis of different image modalities is frequently performed in ophthalmology as they provide complementary information for the diagnosis and follow - up of relevant diseases , like hypertension or diabetes . this work presents an hybrid method for the multimodal registration of color fundus retinography and fluorescein angiography . the proposed method combines a feature - based approach , using domain - specif ←
→ approximate stochastic subgradient estimation training for support vector machines ; subgradient algorithms for training support vector machines have been quite successful for solving large - scale and online learning problems . however , they have been restricted to linear kernels and strongly convex formulations . this paper describes efficient subgradient approaches without such limitations . our approaches make use of randomized low - dimensional approximations to nonlinear kernels , and minimization of a redu ←
→ a pathway - based kernel boosting method for sample classification using genomic data ; the analysis of cancer genomic data has long suffered " the curse of dimensionality ". sample sizes for most cancer genomic studies are a few hundreds at most while there are tens of thousands of genomic features studied . various methods have been proposed to leverage prior biological knowledge , such as pathways , to more effectively analyze cancer genomic data . most of the methods focus on testing marginal significance of ←
→ summarizing dialogic arguments from social media ; online argumentative dialog is a rich source of information on popular beliefs and opinions that could be useful to companies as well as governmental or public policy agencies . compact , easy to read , summaries of these dialogues would thus be highly valuable . a priori , it is not even clear what form such a summary should take . previous work on summarization has primarily focused on summarizing written texts , where the notion of an abstract of the text is we ←
→ an automatic and efficient foreground object extraction scheme ; this paper presents a method to differentiate the foreground objects from the background of a color image . firstly a color image of any size is input for processing . the algorithm converts it to a grayscale image . next we apply canny edge detector to find the boundary of the foreground object . we concentrate to find the maximum distance between each boundary pixel column wise and row wise and we fill the region that is bound by the edges . thus ←
→ learning with square loss : localization through offset rademacher complexity ; we consider regression with square loss and general classes of functions without the boundedness assumption . we introduce a notion of offset rademacher complexity that provides a transparent way to study localization both in expectation and in high probability . for any ( possibly non - convex ) class , the excess loss of a two - step estimator is shown to be upper bounded by this offset complexity through a novel geometric inequality .←
→ a practical ontology for the large - scale modeling of scholarly artifacts and their usage ; the large - scale analysis of scholarly artifact usage is constrained primarily by current practices in usage data archiving , privacy issues concerned with the dissemination of usage data , and the lack of a practical ontology for modeling the usage domain . as a remedy to the third constraint , this article presents a scholarly ontology that was engineered to represent those classes for which large - scale bibliographic a ←
→ color image enhancement in the framework of logarithmic models ; in this paper , we propose a mathematical model for color image processing . it is a logarithmical one . we consider the cube (- 1 , 1 ) x (- 1 , 1 ) x (- 1 , 1 ) as the set of values for the color space . we define two operations : addition <+> and real scalar multiplication < x >. with these operations the space of colors becomes a real vector space . then , defining the scalar product (.|.) and the norm || . ||, we obtain a ( logarithmic ) euclidean space . we show ho ←
→ differential recurrent neural networks for action recognition ; the long short - term memory ( lstm ) neural network is capable of processing complex sequential information since it utilizes special gating schemes for learning representations from long input sequences . it has the potential to model any sequential time - series data , where the current hidden state has to be considered in the context of the past hidden states . this property makes lstm an ideal choice to learn the complex dynamics of various actions ←
→ scikit - image : image processing in python ; scikit - image is an image processing library that implements algorithms and utilities for use in research , education and industry applications . it is released under the liberal " modified bsd " open source license , provides a well - documented api in the python programming language , and is developed by an active , international team of collaborators . in this paper we highlight the advantages of open source to achieve the goals of the scikit - image library , and we showcase ←
→ recent results on no - free - lunch theorems for optimization ; the sharpened no - free - lunch - theorem ( nfl - theorem ) states that the performance of all optimization algorithms averaged over any finite set f of functions is equal if and only if f is closed under permutation ( c . u . p .) and each target function in f is equally likely . in this paper , we first summarize some consequences of this theorem , which have been proven recently : the average number of evaluations needed to find a desirable ( e . g ., optimal ) solution ←
→ stochastic subsampling for factorizing huge matrices ; we present a matrix - factorization algorithm that scales to input matrices with both huge number of rows and columns . learned factors may be sparse or dense and / or non - negative , which makes our algorithm suitable for dictionary learning , sparse component analysis , and non - negative matrix factorization . our algorithm streams matrix columns while subsampling them to iteratively learn the matrix factors . at each iteration , the row dimension of a new sample ←
→ cross - platform emoji interpretation : analysis , a solution , and applications ; most social media platforms are largely based on text , and users often write posts to describe where they are , what they are seeing , and how they are feeling . because written text lacks the emotional cues of spoken and face - to - face dialogue , ambiguities are common in written language . this problem is exacerbated in the short , informal nature of many social media posts . to bypass this issue , a suite of special characters called "←
→ visualization techniques for data mining of latur district satellite imagery ; this study presents a new visualization tool for classification of satellite imagery . visualization of feature space allows exploration of patterns in the image data and insight into the classification process and related uncertainty . visual data mining provides added value to image classifications as the user can be involved in the classification process providing increased confidence in and understanding of the results . in th ←
→ order embeddings and character - level convolutions for multimodal alignment ; with the novel and fast advances in the area of deep neural networks , several challenging image - based tasks have been recently approached by researchers in pattern recognition and computer vision . in this paper , we address one of these tasks , which is to match image content with natural language descriptions , sometimes referred as multimodal content retrieval . such a task is particularly challenging considering that we must find ←
→ technical report - automatic contour extraction from 2d neuron images ; this work describes a novel methodology for automatic contour extraction from 2d images of 3d neurons ( e . g . camera lucida images and other types of 2d microscopy ). most contour - based shape analysis methods can not be used to characterize such cells because of overlaps between neuronal processes . the proposed framework is specifically aimed at the problem of contour following even in presence of multiple overlaps . first , the input image ←
→ attention - based vocabulary selection for nmt decoding ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) models usually use large target vocabulary sizes to capture most of the words in the target language . the vocabulary size is a big factor when decoding new sentences as the final softmax layer normalizes over all possible target words . to address this problem , it is widely common to restrict the target vocabulary with candidate lists based on the source sentence . usually , the candidate lists are a combination of externa ←
→ real - time marker - less multi - person 3d pose estimation in rgb - depth camera networks ; this paper proposes a novel system to estimate and track the 3d poses of multiple persons in calibrated rgb - depth camera networks . the multi - view 3d pose of each person is computed by a central node which receives the single - view outcomes from each camera of the network . each single - view outcome is computed by using a cnn for 2d pose estimation and extending the resulting skeletons to 3d by means of the sensor depth . the ←
→ an empirical study of recent face alignment methods ; the problem of face alignment has been intensively studied in the past years . a large number of novel methods have been proposed and reported very good performance on benchmark dataset such as 300w . however , the differences in the experimental setting and evaluation metric , missing details in the description of the methods make it hard to reproduce the results reported and evaluate the relative merits . for instance , most recent face alignment methods are ←
→ a semi - automatic method for efficient detection of stories on social media ; twitter has become one of the main sources of news for many people . as real - world events and emergencies unfold , twitter is abuzz with hundreds of thousands of stories about the events . some of these stories are harmless , while others could potentially be life - saving or sources of malicious rumors . thus , it is critically important to be able to efficiently track stories that spread on twitter during these events . in this paper , w ←
→ fixed point algorithm based on quasi - newton method for convex minimization problem with application to image deblurring ; solving an optimization problem whose objective function is the sum of two convex functions has received considerable interests in the context of image processing recently . in particular , we are interested in the scenario when a non - differentiable convex function such as the total variation ( tv ) norm is included in the objective function due to many variational models established in im ←
→ facial asymmetry and emotional expression ; this report is about facial asymmetry , its connection to emotional expression , and methods of measuring facial asymmetry in videos of faces . the research was motivated by two factors : firstly , there was a real opportunity to develop a novel measure of asymmetry that required minimal human involvement and that improved on earlier measures in the literature ; and secondly , the study of the relationship between facial asymmetry and emotional expression is both interes ←
→ generation and interpretation of temporal decision rules ; we present a solution to the problem of understanding a system that produces a sequence of temporally ordered observations . our solution is based on generating and interpreting a set of temporal decision rules . a temporal decision rule is a decision rule that can be used to predict or retrodict the value of a decision attribute , using condition attributes that are observed at times other than the decision attribute ' s time of observation . a rule set ,←
→ two - bit networks for deep learning on resource - constrained embedded devices ; with the rapid proliferation of internet of things and intelligent edge devices , there is an increasing need for implementing machine learning algorithms , including deep learning , on resource - constrained mobile embedded devices with limited memory and computation power . typical large convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) need large amounts of memory and computational power , and cannot be deployed on embedded devices efficiently . ←
→ big learning with bayesian methods ; explosive growth in data and availability of cheap computing resources have sparked increasing interest in big learning , an emerging subfield that studies scalable machine learning algorithms , systems , and applications with big data . bayesian methods represent one important class of statistic methods for machine learning , with substantial recent developments on adaptive , flexible and scalable bayesian learning . this article provides a survey of the recent advances in big ←
→ neural belief tracker : data - driven dialogue state tracking ; one of the core components of modern spoken dialogue systems is the belief tracker , which estimates the user ' s goal at every step of the dialogue . however , most current approaches have difficulty scaling to larger , more complex dialogue domains . this is due to their dependency on either : a ) spoken language understanding models that require large amounts of annotated training data ; or b ) hand - crafted lexicons for capturing some of the linguistic va ←
→ algebraic relations and triangulation of unlabeled image points ; in multiview geometry when correspondences among multiple views are unknown the image points can be understood as being unlabeled . this is a common problem in computer vision . we give a novel approach to handle such a situation by regarding unlabeled point configurations as points on the chow variety $\ text { sym } _m (\ mathbb { p }^ 2 )$. for two unlabeled points we design an algorithm that solves the triangulation problem with unknown correspondences ←
→ personalized fuzzy text search using interest prediction and word vectorization ; in this paper we study the personalized text search problem . the keyword based search method in conventional algorithms has a low efficiency in understanding users ' intention since the semantic meaning , user profile , user interests are not always considered . firstly , we propose a novel text search algorithm using a inverse filtering mechanism that is very efficient for label based item search . secondly , we adopt the bayesian ←
→ a large comparison of feature - based approaches for buried target classification in forward - looking ground - penetrating radar ; forward - looking ground - penetrating radar ( flgpr ) has recently been investigated as a remote sensing modality for buried target detection ( e . g ., landmines ). in this context , raw flgpr data is beamformed into images and then computerized algorithms are applied to automatically detect subsurface buried targets . most existing algorithms are supervised , meaning they are trained to discr ←
→ network features based co - hyponymy detection ; distinguishing lexical relations has been a long term pursuit in natural language processing ( nlp ) domain . recently , in order to detect lexical relations like hypernymy , meronymy , co - hyponymy etc ., distributional semantic models are being used extensively in some form or the other . even though a lot of efforts have been made for detecting hypernymy relation , the problem of co - hyponymy detection has been rarely investigated . in this paper , we are proposing a nov ←
→ the 2017 aibirds competition ; this paper presents an overview of the sixth aibirds competition , held at the 26th international joint conference on artificial intelligence . this competition tasked participants with developing an intelligent agent which can play the physics - based puzzle game angry birds . this game uses a sophisticated physics engine that requires agents to reason and predict the outcome of actions with only limited environmental information . agents entered into this competition were required ←
→ places : an image database for deep scene understanding ; the rise of multi - million - item dataset initiatives has enabled data - hungry machine learning algorithms to reach near - human semantic classification at tasks such as object and scene recognition . here we describe the places database , a repository of 10 million scene photographs , labeled with scene semantic categories and attributes , comprising a quasi - exhaustive list of the types of environments encountered in the world . using state of the art convoluti ←
→ artificial intelligence and systems theory : applied to cooperative robots ; this paper describes an approach to the design of a population of cooperative robots based on concepts borrowed from systems theory and artificial intelligence . the research has been developed under the socrob project , carried out by the intelligent systems laboratory at the institute for systems and robotics - instituto superior tecnico ( isr / ist ) in lisbon . the acronym of the project stands both for " society of robots " and " socce ←
→ bayesian selection for the l2 - potts model regularization parameter : 1d piecewise constant signal denoising ; piecewise constant denoising can be solved either by deterministic optimization approaches , based on the potts model , or by stochastic bayesian procedures . the former lead to low computational time but require the selection of a regularization parameter , whose value significantly impacts the achieved solution , and whose automated selection remains an involved and challenging problem . conversely , fu ←
→ neural networks compression for language modeling ; in this paper , we consider several compression techniques for the language modeling problem based on recurrent neural networks ( rnns ). it is known that conventional rnns , e . g , lstm - based networks in language modeling , are characterized with either high space complexity or substantial inference time . this problem is especially crucial for mobile applications , in which the constant interaction with the remote server is inappropriate . by using the penn treeba ←
→ tumor classification and segmentation of mr brain images ; the diagnosis and segmentation of tumors using any medical diagnostic tool can be challenging due to the varying nature of this pathology . magnetic reso - nance imaging ( mri ) is an established diagnostic tool for various diseases and disorders and plays a major role in clinical neuro - diagnosis . supplementing this technique with automated classification and segmentation tools is gaining importance , to reduce errors and time needed to make a conclusive ←
→ large - margin learning of submodular summarization methods ; in this paper , we present a supervised learning approach to training submodular scoring functions for extractive multi - document summarization . by taking a structured predicition approach , we provide a large - margin method that directly optimizes a convex relaxation of the desired performance measure . the learning method applies to all submodular summarization methods , and we demonstrate its effectiveness for both pairwise as well as coverage - based s ←
→ gated xnor networks : deep neural networks with ternary weights and activations under a unified discretization framework ; there is a pressing need to build an architecture that could subsume these networks undera unified framework that achieves both higher performance and less overhead . to this end , two fundamental issues are yet to be addressed . the first one is how to implement the back propagation when neuronal activations are discrete . the second one is how to remove the full - precision hidden weights ←
→ dcco : towards deformable continuous convolution operators ; discriminative correlation filter ( dcf ) based methods have shown competitive performance on tracking benchmarks in recent years . generally , dcf based trackers learn a rigid appearance model of the target . however , this reliance on a single rigid appearance model is insufficient in situations where the target undergoes non - rigid transformations . in this paper , we propose a unified formulation for learning a deformable convolution filter . in our fram ←
→ cfw : a collaborative filtering system using posteriors over weights of evidence ; we describe cfw , a computationally efficient algorithm for collaborative filtering that uses posteriors over weights of evidence . in experiments on real data , we show that this method predicts as well or better than other methods in situations where the size of the user query is small . the new approach works particularly well when the user s query contains low frequency ( unpopular ) items . the approach complements that of depen ←
→ emoticons vs . emojis on twitter : a causal inference approach ; online writing lacks the non - verbal cues present in face - to - face communication , which provide additional contextual information about the utterance , such as the speaker ' s intention or affective state . to fill this void , a number of orthographic features , such as emoticons , expressive lengthening , and non - standard punctuation , have become popular in social media services including twitter and instagram . recently , emojis have been introduced to so ←
→ radial basis function process neural network training based on generalized frechet distance and ga - sa hybrid strategy ; for learning problem of radial basis function process neural network ( rbf - pnn ), an optimization training method based on ga combined with sa is proposed in this paper . through building generalized fr \' echet distance to measure similarity between time - varying function samples , the learning problem of radial basis centre functions and connection weights is converted into the training on co ←
→ deep temporal linear encoding networks ; the cnn - encoding of features from entire videos for the representation of human actions has rarely been addressed . instead , cnn work has focused on approaches to fuse spatial and temporal networks , but these were typically limited to processing shorter sequences . we present a new video representation , called temporal linear encoding ( tle ) and embedded inside of cnns as a new layer , which captures the appearance and motion throughout entire videos . it encodes this agg ←
→ probabilistic depth image registration incorporating nonvisual information ; in this paper , we derive a probabilistic registration algorithm for object modeling and tracking . in many robotics applications , such as manipulation tasks , nonvisual information about the movement of the object is available , which we will combine with the visual information . furthermore we do not only consider observations of the object , but we also take space into account which has been observed to not be part of the object . fu ←
→ automatic video scene segmentation based on spatial - temporal clues and rhythm ; with ever increasing computing power and data storage capacity , the potential for large digital video libraries is growing rapidly . however , the massive use of video for the moment is limited by its opaque characteristics . indeed , a user who has to handle and retrieve sequentially needs too much time in order to find out segments of interest within a video . therefore , providing an environment both convenient and efficient for v ←
→ block stochastic gradient iteration for convex and nonconvex optimization ; the stochastic gradient ( sg ) method can minimize an objective function composed of a large number of differentiable functions , or solve a stochastic optimization problem , to a moderate accuracy . the block coordinate descent / update ( bcd ) method , on the other hand , handles problems with multiple blocks of variables by updating them one at a time ; when the blocks of variables are easier to update individually than together , bcd has a ←
→ mix - nets : factored mixtures of gaussians in bayesian networks with mixed continuous and discrete variables ; recently developed techniques have made it possible to quickly learn accurate probability density functions from data in low - dimensional continuous space . in particular , mixtures of gaussians can be fitted to data very quickly using an accelerated em algorithm that employs multiresolution kd - trees ( moore , 1999 ). in this paper , we propose a kind of bayesian networks in which low - dimensional mixtures ←
→ conditional probability generation methods for high reliability effects - based decision making ; decision making is often based on bayesian networks . the building blocks for bayesian networks are its conditional probability tables ( cpts ). these tables are obtained by parameter estimation methods , or they are elicited from subject matter experts ( sme ). some of these knowledge representations are insufficient approximations . using knowledge fusion of cause and effect observations lead to better predictive de ←
→ local binary convolutional neural networks ; we propose local binary convolution ( lbc ), an efficient alternative to convolutional layers in standard convolutional neural networks ( cnn ). the design principles of lbc are motivated by local binary patterns ( lbp ). the lbc layer comprises of a set of fixed sparse pre - defined binary convolutional filters that are not updated during the training process , a non - linear activation function and a set of learnable linear weights . the linear weights combine the activate ←
→ a gradient descent algorithm on the grassman manifold for matrix completion ; we consider the problem of reconstructing a low - rank matrix from a small subset of its entries . in this paper , we describe the implementation of an efficient algorithm called optspace , based on singular value decomposition followed by local manifold optimization , for solving the low - rank matrix completion problem . it has been shown that if the number of revealed entries is large enough , the output of singular value decomposition ←
→ o - cnn : octree - based convolutional neural networks for 3d shape analysis ; we present o - cnn , an octree - based convolutional neural network ( cnn ) for 3d shape analysis . built upon the octree representation of 3d shapes , our method takes the average normal vectors of a 3d model sampled in the finest leaf octants as input and performs 3d cnn operations on the octants occupied by the 3d shape surface . we design a novel octree data structure to efficiently store the octant information and cnn features into the gra ←
→ review of visual saliency detection with comprehensive information ; visual saliency detection model simulates the human visual system to perceive the scene , and has been widely used in many vision tasks . with the acquisition technology development , more comprehensive information , such as depth cue , inter - image correspondence , or temporal relationship , is available to extend image saliency detection to rgbd saliency detection , co - saliency detection , or video saliency detection . rgbd saliency detection model ←
→ flexible stereo : constrained , non - rigid , wide - baseline stereo vision for fixed - wing aerial platforms ; this paper proposes a computationally efficient method to estimate the time - varying relative pose between two visual - inertial sensor rigs mounted on the flexible wings of a fixed - wing unmanned aerial vehicle ( uav ). the estimated relative poses are used to generate highly accurate depth maps in real - time and can be employed for obstacle avoidance in low - altitude flights or landing maneuvers . the approach ←
→ deep reinforcement learning for dexterous manipulation with concept networks ; deep reinforcement learning yields great results for a large array of problems , but models are generally retrained anew for each new problem to be solved . prior learning and knowledge are difficult to incorporate when training new models , requiring increasingly longer training as problems become more complex . this is especially problematic for problems with sparse rewards . we provide a solution to these problems by introducing ←
→ examples as interaction : on humans teaching a computer to play a game ; this paper reviews an experiment in human - computer interaction , where interaction takes place when humans attempt to teach a computer to play a strategy board game . we show that while individually learned models can be shown to improve the playing performance of the computer , their straightforward composition results in diluting what was earlier learned . this observation suggests that interaction cannot be easily distributed when one ho ←
→ incentivizing exploration in reinforcement learning with deep predictive models ; achieving efficient and scalable exploration in complex domains poses a major challenge in reinforcement learning . while bayesian and pac - mdp approaches to the exploration problem offer strong formal guarantees , they are often impractical in higher dimensions due to their reliance on enumerating the state - action space . hence , exploration in complex domains is often performed with simple epsilon - greedy methods . in this paper ,←
→ review of state - of - the - arts in artificial intelligence with application to ai safety problem ; here , i review current state - of - the - arts in many areas of ai to estimate when it ' s reasonable to expect human level ai development . predictions of prominent ai researchers vary broadly from very pessimistic predictions of andrew ng to much more moderate predictions of geoffrey hinton and optimistic predictions of shane legg , deepmind cofounder . given huge rate of progress in recent years and this broad range of ←
→ decoding visemes : improving machine lipreading ; to undertake machine lip - reading , we try to recognise speech from a visual signal . current work often uses viseme classification supported by language models with varying degrees of success . a few recent works suggest phoneme classification , in the right circumstances , can outperform viseme classification . in this work we present a novel two - pass method of training phoneme classifiers which uses previously trained visemes in the first pass . with our new train ←
→ text classification improved by integrating bidirectional lstm with two - dimensional max pooling ; recurrent neural network ( rnn ) is one of the most popular architectures used in natural language processsing ( nlp ) tasks because its recurrent structure is very suitable to process variable - length text . rnn can utilize distributed representations of words by first converting the tokens comprising each text into vectors , which form a matrix . and this matrix includes two dimensions : the time - step dimension and ←
→ deep exploration via randomized value functions ; we study the use of randomized value functions to guide deep exploration in reinforcement learning . this offers an elegant means for synthesizing statistically and computationally efficient exploration with common practical approaches to value function learning . we present several reinforcement learning algorithms that leverage randomized value functions and demonstrate their efficacy through computational studies . we also prove a regret bound that establish ←
→ mimicking ensemble learning with deep branched networks ; this paper proposes a branched residual network for image classification . it is known that high - level features of deep neural network are more representative than lower - level features . by sharing the low - level features , the network can allocate more memory to high - level features . the upper layers of our proposed network are branched , so that it mimics the ensemble learning . by mimicking ensemble learning with single network , we have achieved better p ←
→ sar image colorization : converting single - polarization to fully polarimetric using deep neural networks ; a deep neural networks based method is proposed to convert single polarization grayscale sar image to fully polarimetric . it consists of two components : a feature extractor network to extract hierarchical multi - scale spatial features of grayscale sar image , followed by a feature translator network to map spatial feature to polarimetric feature with which the polarimetric covariance matrix of each pixe ←
→ towards analyzing crossover operators in evolutionary search via general markov chain switching theorem ; evolutionary algorithms ( eas ), simulating the evolution process of natural species , are used to solve optimization problems . crossover ( also called recombination ), originated from simulating the chromosome exchange phenomena in zoogamy reproduction , is widely employed in eas to generate offspring solutions , of which the effectiveness has been examined empirically in applications . however , due to the i ←
→ multi - task label embedding for text classification ; multi - task learning in text classification leverages implicit correlations among related tasks to extract common features and yield performance gains . however , most previous works treat labels of each task as independent and meaningless one - hot vectors , which cause a loss of potential information and makes it difficult for these models to jointly learn three or more tasks . in this paper , we propose multi - task label embedding to convert labels in text clas ←
→ information - theoretic semi - supervised metric learning via entropy regularization ; we propose a general information - theoretic approach called seraph ( semi - supervised metric learning paradigm with hyper - sparsity ) for metric learning that does not rely upon the manifold assumption . given the probability parameterized by a mahalanobis distance , we maximize the entropy of that probability on labeled data and minimize it on unlabeled data following entropy regularization , which allows the supervised and unsupe ←
→ action recognition in the frequency domain ; in this paper , we describe a simple strategy for mitigating variability in temporal data series by shifting focus onto long - term , frequency domain features that are less susceptible to variability . we apply this method to the human action recognition task and demonstrate how working in the frequency domain can yield good recognition features for commonly used optical flow and articulated pose features , which are highly sensitive to small differences in motion , vi ←
→ efficient parallel translating embedding for knowledge graphs ; knowledge graph embedding aims to embed entities and relations of knowledge graphs into low - dimensional vector spaces . translating embedding methods regard relations as the translation from head entities to tail entities , which achieve the state - of - the - art results among knowledge graph embedding methods . however , a major limitation of these methods is the time consuming training process , which may take several days or even weeks for large knowl ←
→ reasoning in a hierarchical system with missing group size information ; the paper analyzes the problem of judgments or preferences subsequent to initial analysis by autonomous agents in a hierarchical system where the higher level agents does not have access to group size information . we propose methods that reduce instances of preference reversal of the kind encountered in simpson ' s paradox .←
→ using satellite imagery for good : detecting communities in desert and mapping vaccination activities ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have outperformed existing object recognition and detection algorithms . on the other hand satellite imagery captures scenes that are diverse . this paper describes a deep learning approach that analyzes a geo referenced satellite image and efficiently detects built structures in it . a fully convolution network ( fcn ) is trained on low resolution google earth satell ←
→ rotationally invariant image representation for viewing direction classification in cryo - em ; we introduce a new rotationally invariant viewing angle classification method for identifying , among a large number of cryo - em projection images , similar views without prior knowledge of the molecule . our rotationally invariant features are based on the bispectrum . each image is denoised and compressed using steerable principal component analysis ( pca ) such that rotating an image is equivalent to phase shifting t ←
→ coordinated exploration in concurrent reinforcement learning ; we consider a team of reinforcement learning agents that concurrently learn to operate in a common environment . we identify three properties - adaptivity , commitment , and diversity - which are necessary for efficient coordinated exploration and demonstrate that straightforward extensions to single - agent optimistic and posterior sampling approaches fail to satisfy them . as an alternative , we propose seed sampling , which extends posterior sampling ←
→ syntactic autonomy : why there is no autonomy without symbols and how self - organization might evolve them ; two different types of agency are discussed based on dynamically coherent and incoherent couplings with an environment respectively . i propose that until a private syntax ( syntactic autonomy ) is discovered by dynamically coherent agents , there are no significant or interesting types of closure or autonomy . when syntactic autonomy is established , then , because of a process of description - based selecte ←
→ tf boosted trees : a scalable tensorflow based framework for gradient boosting ; tf boosted trees ( tfbt ) is a new open - sourced frame - work for the distributed training of gradient boosted trees . it is based on tensorflow , and its distinguishing features include a novel architecture , automatic loss differentiation , layer - by - layer boosting that results in smaller ensembles and faster prediction , principled multi - class handling , and a number of regularization techniques to prevent overfitting .←
→ the stochastic gradient descent for the primal l1 - svm optimization revisited ; we reconsider the stochastic ( sub ) gradient approach to the unconstrained primal l1 - svm optimization . we observe that if the learning rate is inversely proportional to the number of steps , i . e ., the number of times any training pattern is presented to the algorithm , the update rule may be transformed into the one of the classical perceptron with margin in which the margin threshold increases linearly with the number of steps . mo ←
→ unicorn : continual learning with a universal , off - policy agent ; some real - world domains are best characterized as a single task , but for others this perspective is limiting . instead , some tasks continually grow in complexity , in tandem with the agent ' s competence . in continual learning , also referred to as lifelong learning , there are no explicit task boundaries or curricula . as learning agents have become more powerful , continual learning remains one of the frontiers that has resisted quick progress . to t ←
→ active ranking using pairwise comparisons ; this paper examines the problem of ranking a collection of objects using pairwise comparisons ( rankings of two objects ). in general , the ranking of $ n $ objects can be identified by standard sorting methods using $ n log_2 n $ pairwise comparisons . we are interested in natural situations in which relationships among the objects may allow for ranking using far fewer pairwise comparisons . specifically , we assume that the objects can be embedded into a $ d $- dimensional e ←
→ fractional moments on bandit problems ; reinforcement learning addresses the dilemma between exploration to find profitable actions and exploitation to act according to the best observations already made . bandit problems are one such class of problems in stateless environments that represent this explore / exploit situation . we propose a learning algorithm for bandit problems based on fractional expectation of rewards acquired . the algorithm is theoretically shown to converge on an eta - optimal arm and achieve ←
→ transfer learning in cnns using filter - trees ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are very effective for many pattern recognition tasks . however , training deep cnns needs extensive computation and large training data . in this paper we propose bank of filter - trees ( bft ) as a trans - fer learning mechanism for improving efficiency of learning cnns . a filter - tree corresponding to a filter in k ^{ th } convolu - tional layer of a cnn is a subnetwork consisting of the filter along with all its connections to filter ←
→ an iot endpoint system - on - chip for secure and energy - efficient near - sensor analytics ; near - sensor data analytics is a promising direction for iot endpoints , as it minimizes energy spent on communication and reduces network load - but it also poses security concerns , as valuable data is stored or sent over the network at various stages of the analytics pipeline . using encryption to protect sensitive data at the boundary of the on - chip analytics engine is a way to address data security issues . to cope with ←
→ annotation graphs and servers and multi - modal resources : infrastructure for interdisciplinary education , research and development ; annotation graphs and annotation servers offer infrastructure to support the analysis of human language resources in the form of time - series data such as text , audio and video . this paper outlines areas of common need among empirical linguists and computational linguists . after reviewing examples of data and tools used or under development for each of several areas , it propos ←
→ multi - issue negotiation with deadlines ; this paper studies bilateral multi - issue negotiation between self - interested autonomous agents . now , there are a number of different procedures that can be used for this process ; the three main ones being the package deal procedure in which all the issues are bundled and discussed together , the simultaneous procedure in which the issues are discussed simultaneously but independently of each other , and the sequential procedure in which the issues are discussed one aft ←
→ ptb - tir : a thermal infrared pedestrian tracking benchmark ; thermal infrared ( tir ) pedestrian tracking is one of the most important components in numerous applications of computer vision , which has a major advantage : it can track the pedestrians in total darkness . how to evaluate the tir pedestrian tracker fairly on a benchmark dataset is significant for the development of this field . however , there is no a benchmark dataset . in this paper , we develop a tir pedestrian tracking dataset for the tir pedestrian ←
→ on the latent space of wasserstein auto - encoders ; we study the role of latent space dimensionality in wasserstein auto - encoders ( waes ). through experimentation on synthetic and real datasets , we argue that random encoders should be preferred over deterministic encoders . we highlight the potential of waes for representation learning with promising results on a benchmark disentanglement task .←
→ multi - person pose estimation via column generation ; we study the problem of multi - person pose estimation in natural images . a pose estimate describes the spatial position and identity ( head , foot , knee , etc .) of every non - occluded body part of a person . pose estimation is difficult due to issues such as deformation and variation in body configurations and occlusion of parts , while multi - person settings add complications such as an unknown number of people , with unknown appearance and possible interactions ←
→ ensemble risk modeling method for robust learning on scarce data ; in medical risk modeling , typical data are " scarce ": they have relatively small number of training instances ( n ), censoring , and high dimensionality ( m ). we show that the problem may be effectively simplified by reducing it to bipartite ranking , and introduce new bipartite ranking algorithm , smooth rank , for robust learning on scarce data . the algorithm is based on ensemble learning with unsupervised aggregation of predictors . the advantage ←
→ solving wcsp by extraction of minimal unsatisfiable cores ; usual techniques to solve wcsp are based on cost transfer operations coupled with a branch and bound algorithm . in this paper , we focus on an approach integrating extraction and relaxation of minimal unsatisfiable cores in order to solve this problem . we decline our approach in two ways : an incomplete , greedy , algorithm and a complete one .←
→ raw waveform - based speech enhancement by fully convolutional networks ; this study proposes a fully convolutional network ( fcn ) model for raw waveform - based speech enhancement . the proposed system performs speech enhancement in an end - to - end ( i . e ., waveform - in and waveform - out ) manner , which dif - fers from most existing denoising methods that process the magnitude spectrum ( e . g ., log power spectrum ( lps )) only . because the fully connected layers , which are involved in deep neural networks ( dnn ) and convoluti ←
→ block - matching optical flow for dynamic vision sensor - algorithm and fpga implementation ; rapid and low power computation of optical flow ( of ) is potentially useful in robotics . the dynamic vision sensor ( dvs ) event camera produces quick and sparse output , and has high dynamic range , but conventional of algorithms are frame - based and cannot be directly used with event - based cameras . previous dvs of methods do not work well with dense textured input and are designed for implementation in logic circuits . t ←
→ mapping cognitive ontologies to and from the brain ; imaging neuroscience links brain activation maps to behavior and cognition via correlational studies . due to the nature of the individual experiments , based on eliciting neural response from a small number of stimuli , this link is incomplete , and unidirectional from the causal point of view . to come to conclusions on the function implied by the activation of brain regions , it is necessary to combine a wide exploration of the various brain functions and so ←
→ optimal nudging : solving average - reward semi - markov decision processes as a minimal sequence of cumulative tasks ; this paper describes a novel method to solve average - reward semi - markov decision processes , by reducing them to a minimal sequence of cumulative reward problems . the usual solution methods for this type of problems update the gain ( optimal average reward ) immediately after observing the result of taking an action . the alternative introduced , optimal nudging , relies instead on setting the gain ←
→ part - of - speech tagging with two sequential transducers ; we present a method of constructing and using a cascade consisting of a left - and a right - sequential finite - state transducer ( fst ), t1 and t2 , for part - of - speech ( pos ) disambiguation . compared to an hmm , this fst cascade has the advantage of significantly higher processing speed , but at the cost of slightly lower accuracy . applications such as information retrieval , where the speed can be more important than accuracy , could benefit from this approach .←
→ hog based fast human detection ; objects recognition in image is one of the most difficult problems in computer vision . it is also an important step for the implementation of several existing applications that require high - level image interpretation . therefore , there is a growing interest in this research area during the last years . in this paper , we present an algorithm for human detection and recognition in real - time , from images taken by a ccd camera mounted on a car - like mobile robot . the proposed techn ←
→ usingword embedding for cross - language plagiarism detection ; this paper proposes to use distributed representation of words ( word embeddings ) in cross - language textual similarity detection . the main contributions of this paper are the following : ( a ) we introduce new cross - language similarity detection methods based on distributed representation of words ; ( b ) we combine the different methods proposed to verify their complementarity and finally obtain an overall f1 score of 89 . 15 % for english - french similari ←
→ fast resampling of 3d point clouds via graphs ; to reduce cost in storing , processing and visualizing a large - scale point cloud , we consider a randomized resampling strategy to select a representative subset of points while preserving application - dependent features . the proposed strategy is based on graphs , which can represent underlying surfaces and lend themselves well to efficient computation . we use a general feature - extraction operator to represent application - dependent features and propose a general r ←
→ certified defenses against adversarial examples ; while neural networks have achieved high accuracy on standard image classification benchmarks , their accuracy drops to nearly zero in the presence of small adversarial perturbations to test inputs . defenses based on regularization and adversarial training have been proposed , but often followed by new , stronger attacks that defeat these defenses . can we somehow end this arms race ? in this work , we study this problem for neural networks with one hidden layer . ←
→ an approach to the analysis of the south slavic medieval labels using image texture ; the paper presents a new script classification method for the discrimination of the south slavic medieval labels . it consists in the textural analysis of the script types . in the first step , each letter is coded by the equivalent script type , which is defined by its typographical features . obtained coded text is subjected to the run - length statistical analysis and to the adjacent local binary pattern analysis in order to ←
→ analyzing and mitigating the impact of permanent faults on a systolic array based neural network accelerator ; due to their growing popularity and computational cost , deep neural networks ( dnns ) are being targeted for hardware acceleration . a popular architecture for dnn acceleration , adopted by the google tensor processing unit ( tpu ), utilizes a systolic array based matrix multiplication unit at its core . this paper deals with the design of fault - tolerant , systolic array based dnn accelerators for high d ←
→ mental state recognition via wearable eeg ; the increasing quality and affordability of consumer electroencephalogram ( eeg ) headsets make them attractive for situations where medical grade devices are impractical . predicting and tracking cognitive states is possible for tasks that were previously not conducive to eeg monitoring . for instance , monitoring operators for states inappropriate to the task ( e . g . drowsy drivers ), tracking mental health ( e . g . anxiety ) and productivity ( e . g . tiredness ) are among poss ←
→ histopathological image classification using discriminative feature - oriented dictionary learning ; in histopathological image analysis , feature extraction for classification is a challenging task due to the diversity of histology features suitable for each problem as well as presence of rich geometrical structures . in this paper , we propose an automatic feature discovery framework via learning class - specific dictionaries and present a low - complexity method for classification and disease grading in histopa ←
→ from safe screening rules to working sets for faster lasso - type solvers ; convex sparsity - promoting regularizations are ubiquitous in modern statistical learning . by construction , they yield solutions with few non - zero coefficients , which correspond to saturated constraints in the dual optimization formulation . working set ( ws ) strategies are generic optimization techniques that consist in solving simpler problems that only consider a subset of constraints , whose indices form the ws . working set methods the ←
→ end - to - end differentiable proving ; we introduce neural networks for end - to - end differentiable proving of queries to knowledge bases by operating on dense vector representations of symbols . these neural networks are constructed recursively by taking inspiration from the backward chaining algorithm as used in prolog . specifically , we replace symbolic unification with a differentiable computation on vector representations of symbols using a radial basis function kernel , thereby combining symbolic reasoning wi ←
→ pca - based missing information imputation for real - time crash likelihood prediction under imbalanced data ; the real - time crash likelihood prediction has been an important research topic . various classifiers , such as support vector machine ( svm ) and tree - based boosting algorithms , have been proposed in traffic safety studies . however , few research focuses on the missing data imputation in real - time crash likelihood prediction , although missing values are commonly observed due to breakdown of sensors or ext ←
→ understanding convolution for semantic segmentation ; recent advances in deep learning , especially deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), have led to significant improvement over previous semantic segmentation systems . here we show how to improve pixel - wise semantic segmentation by manipulating convolution - related operations that are of both theoretical and practical value . first , we design dense upsampling convolution ( duc ) to generate pixel - level prediction , which is able to capture and decode more de ←
→ mental sampling in multimodal representations ; both resources in the natural environment and concepts in a semantic space are distributed " patchily ", with large gaps in between the patches . to describe people ' s internal and external foraging behavior , various random walk models have been proposed . in particular , internal foraging has been modeled as sampling : in order to gather relevant information for making a decision , people draw samples from a mental representation using random - walk algorithms such as ←
→ a brief study of in - domain transfer and learning from fewer samples using a few simple priors ; domain knowledge can often be encoded in the structure of a network , such as convolutional layers for vision , which has been shown to increase generalization and decrease sample complexity , or the number of samples required for successful learning . in this study , we ask whether sample complexity can be reduced for systems where the structure of the domain is unknown beforehand , and the structure and parameters ←
→ prediction - constrained training for semi - supervised mixture and topic models ; supervisory signals have the potential to make low - dimensional data representations , like those learned by mixture and topic models , more interpretable and useful . we propose a framework for training latent variable models that explicitly balances two goals : recovery of faithful generative explanations of high - dimensional data , and accurate prediction of associated semantic labels . existing approaches fail to achieve these goal ←
→ hierarchical memory networks for answer selection on unknown words ; recently , end - to - end memory networks have shown promising results on question answering task , which encode the past facts into an explicit memory and perform reasoning ability by making multiple computational steps on the memory . however , memory networks conduct the reasoning on sentence - level memory to output coarse semantic vectors and do not further take any attention mechanism to focus on words , which may lead to the model lose some de ←
→ comparing the notions of optimality in cp - nets , strategic games and soft constraints ; the notion of optimality naturally arises in many areas of applied mathematics and computer science concerned with decision making . here we consider this notion in the context of three formalisms used for different purposes in reasoning about multi - agent systems : strategic games , cp - nets , and soft constraints . to relate the notions of optimality in these formalisms we introduce a natural qualitative modification of the ←
→ adversarial domain adaptation for identifying phase transitions ; the identification of phases of matter is a challenging task , especially in quantum mechanics , where the complexity of the ground state appears to grow exponentially with the size of the system . we address this problem with state - of - the - art deep learning techniques : adversarial domain adaptation . we derive the phase diagram of the whole parameter space starting from a fixed and known subspace using unsupervised learning . the input data set co ←
→ skynet : an efficient and robust neural network training tool for machine learning in astronomy ; we present the first public release of our generic neural network training algorithm , called skynet . this efficient and robust machine learning tool is able to train large and deep feed - forward neural networks , including autoencoders , for use in a wide range of supervised and unsupervised learning applications , such as regression , classification , density estimation , clustering and dimensionality reduction . sky ←
→ variational autoencoders for tissue heterogeneity exploration from ( almost ) no preprocessed mass spectrometry imaging data ; the paper presents the application of variational autoencoders ( vae ) for data dimensionality reduction and explorative analysis of mass spectrometry imaging data ( msi ). the results confirm that vaes are capable of detecting the patterns associated with the different tissue sub - types with performance than standard approaches .←
→ from photo streams to evolving situations ; photos are becoming spontaneous , objective , and universal sources of information . this paper develops evolving situation recognition using photo streams coming from disparate sources combined with the advances of deep learning . using visual concepts in photos together with space and time information , we formulate the situation detection into a semi - supervised learning framework and propose new graph - based models to solve the problem . to extend the method for unkno ←
→ neural machine translation and sequence - to - sequence models : a tutorial ; this tutorial introduces a new and powerful set of techniques variously called " neural machine translation " or " neural sequence - to - sequence models ". these techniques have been used in a number of tasks regarding the handling of human language , and can be a powerful tool in the toolbox of anyone who wants to model sequential data of some sort . the tutorial assumes that the reader knows the basics of math and programming , but does not as ←
→ hierarchical clustering using randomly selected similarities ; the problem of hierarchical clustering items from pairwise similarities is found across various scientific disciplines , from biology to networking . often , applications of clustering techniques are limited by the cost of obtaining similarities between pairs of items . while prior work has been developed to reconstruct clustering using a significantly reduced set of pairwise similarities via adaptive measurements , these techniques are only applicab ←
→ one - shot learning for semantic segmentation ; low - shot learning methods for image classification support learning from sparse data . we extend these techniques to support dense semantic image segmentation . specifically , we train a network that , given a small set of annotated images , produces parameters for a fully convolutional network ( fcn ). we use this fcn to perform dense pixel - level prediction on a test image for the new semantic class . our architecture shows a 25 % relative meaniou improvement compared t ←
→ automatic localization of deep stimulation electrodes using trajectory - based segmentation approach ; parkinson ' s disease ( pd ) is a degenerative condition of the nervous system , which manifests itself primarily as muscle stiffness , hypokinesia , bradykinesia , and tremor . in patients suffering from advanced stages of pd , deep brain stimulation neurosurgery ( dbs ) is the best alternative to medical treatment , especially when they become tolerant to the drugs . this surgery produces a neuronal activity , a result ←
→ sequence - to - sequence asr optimization via reinforcement learning ; despite the success of sequence - to - sequence approaches in automatic speech recognition ( asr ) systems , the models still suffer from several problems , mainly due to the mismatch between the training and inference conditions . in the sequence - to - sequence architecture , the model is trained to predict the grapheme of the current time - step given the input of speech signal and the ground - truth grapheme history of the previous time - steps . however , it ←
→ simple image description generator via a linear phrase - based approach ; generating a novel textual description of an image is an interesting problem that connects computer vision and natural language processing . in this paper , we present a simple model that is able to generate descriptive sentences given a sample image . this model has a strong focus on the syntax of the descriptions . we train a purely bilinear model that learns a metric between an image representation ( generated from a previously trained co ←
→ unsupervised learning from video to detect foreground objects in single images ; unsupervised learning from visual data is one of the most difficult challenges in computer vision , being a fundamental task for understanding how visual recognition works . from a practical point of view , learning from unsupervised visual input has an immense practical value , as very large quantities of unlabeled videos can be collected at low cost . in this paper , we address the task of unsupervised learning to detect and segm ←
→ cross - lingual rst discourse parsing ; discourse parsing is an integral part of understanding information flow and argumentative structure in documents . most previous research has focused on inducing and evaluating models from the english rst discourse treebank . however , discourse treebanks for other languages exist , including spanish , german , basque , dutch and brazilian portuguese . the treebanks share the same underlying linguistic theory , but differ slightly in the way documents are annotated . in this pape ←
→ building efficient convnets using redundant feature pruning ; this paper presents an efficient technique to prune deep and / or wide convolutional neural network models by eliminating redundant features ( or filters ). previous studies have shown that over - sized deep neural network models tend to produce a lot of redundant features that are either shifted version of one another or are very similar and show little or no variations ; thus resulting in filtering redundancy . we propose to prune these redundant featu ←
→ on the utility of the multimodal problem generator for assessing the performance of evolutionary algorithms ; this paper looks in detail at how an evolutionary algorithm attempts to solve instances from the multimodal problem generator . the paper shows that in order to consistently reach the global optimum , an evolutionary algorithm requires a population size that should grow at least linearly with the number of peaks . it is also shown a close relationship between the supply and decision making issues tha ←
→ learning mixed multinomial logit model from ordinal data ; motivated by generating personalized recommendations using ordinal ( or preference ) data , we study the question of learning a mixture of multinomial logit ( mnl ) model , a parameterized class of distributions over permutations , from partial ordinal or preference data ( e . g . pair - wise comparisons ). despite its long standing importance across disciplines including social choice , operations research and revenue management , little is known about this questi ←
→ depth fields : extending light field techniques to time - of - flight imaging ; a variety of techniques such as light field , structured illumination , and time - of - flight ( tof ) are commonly used for depth acquisition in consumer imaging , robotics and many other applications . unfortunately , each technique suffers from its individual limitations preventing robust depth sensing . in this paper , we explore the strengths and weaknesses of combining light field and time - of - flight imaging , particularly the feasibility of ←
→ online matrix completion through nuclear norm regularisation ; it is the main goal of this paper to propose a novel method to perform matrix completion on - line . motivated by a wide variety of applications , ranging from the design of recommender systems to sensor network localization through seismic data reconstruction , we consider the matrix completion problem when entries of the matrix of interest are observed gradually . precisely , we place ourselves in the situation where the predictive rule should be ref ←
→ mpc - inspired neural network policies for sequential decision making ; in this paper we investigate the use of mpc - inspired neural network policies for sequential decision making . we introduce an extension to the dagger algorithm for training such policies and show how they have improved training performance and generalization capabilities . we take advantage of this extension to show scalable and efficient training of complex planning policy architectures in continuous state and action spaces . we provide an ←
→ predictive state representations : a new theory for modeling dynamical systems ; modeling dynamical systems , both for control purposes and to make predictions about their behavior , is ubiquitous in science and engineering . predictive state representations ( psrs ) are a recently introduced class of models for discrete - time dynamical systems . the key idea behind psrs and the closely related ooms ( jaeger ' s observable operator models ) is to represent the state of the system as a set of predictions of observable ←
→ global convergence of langevin dynamics based algorithms for nonconvex optimization ; we present a unified framework to analyze the global convergence of langevin dynamics based algorithms for nonconvex finite - sum optimization with $ n $ component functions . at the core of our analysis is a direct analysis of the ergodicity of the numerical approximations to langevin dynamics , which leads to faster convergence rates . specifically , we show that gradient langevin dynamics ( gld ) and stochastic gradient langevi ←
→ the application of imperialist competitive algorithm for fuzzy random portfolio selection problem ; this paper presents an implementation of the imperialist competitive algorithm ( ica ) for solving the fuzzy random portfolio selection problem where the asset returns are represented by fuzzy random variables . portfolio optimization is an important research field in modern finance . by using the necessity - based model , fuzzy random variables reformulate to the linear programming and ica will be designed to fin ←
→ speech map : a statistical multimodal atlas of 4d tongue motion during speech from tagged and cine mr images ; quantitative measurement of functional and anatomical traits of 4d tongue motion in the course of speech or other lingual behaviors remains a major challenge in scientific research and clinical applications . here , we introduce a statistical multimodal atlas of 4d tongue motion using healthy subjects that enables a combined quantitative characterization of tongue motion in a reference anatomical co ←
→ two - sample statistics based on anisotropic kernels ; the paper introduces a new kernel - based maximum mean discrepancy ( mmd ) statistic for measuring the distance between two distributions given finitely - many multivariate samples . when the distributions are locally low - dimensional , the proposed test can be made more powerful to distinguish certain alternatives by incorporating local covariance matrices and constructing an anisotropic kernel . the kernel matrix is asymmetric ; it computes the affinity between $ n ←
→ uncertainty decomposition in bayesian neural networks with latent variables ; bayesian neural networks ( bnns ) with latent variables are probabilistic models which can automatically identify complex stochastic patterns in the data . we describe and study in these models a decomposition of predictive uncertainty into its epistemic and aleatoric components . first , we show how such a decomposition arises naturally in a bayesian active learning scenario by following an information theoretic approach . second , we ←
→ 8 - valent fuzzy logic for iris recognition and biometry ; this paper shows that maintaining logical consistency of an iris recognition system is a matter of finding a suitable partitioning of the input space in enrollable and unenrollable pairs by negotiating the user comfort and the safety of the biometric system . in other words , consistent enrollment is mandatory in order to preserve system consistency . a fuzzy 3 - valued disambiguated model of iris recognition is proposed and analyzed in terms of completene ←
→ deriving neural architectures from sequence and graph kernels ; the design of neural architectures for structured objects is typically guided by experimental insights rather than a formal process . in this work , we appeal to kernels over combinatorial structures , such as sequences and graphs , to derive appropriate neural operations . we introduce a class of deep recurrent neural operations and formally characterize their associated kernel spaces . our recurrent modules compare the input to virtual reference ob ←
→ indebted households profiling : a knowledge discovery from database approach ; a major challenge in consumer credit risk portfolio management is to classify households according to their risk profile . in order to build such risk profiles it is necessary to employ an approach that analyses data systematically in order to detect important relationships , interactions , dependencies and associations amongst the available continuous and categorical variables altogether and accurately generate profiles of most in ←
→ learning equivalence classes of bayesian networks structures ; approaches to learning bayesian networks from data typically combine a scoring function with a heuristic search procedure . given a bayesian network structure , many of the scoring functions derived in the literature return a score for the entire equivalence class to which the structure belongs . when using such a scoring function , it is appropriate for the heuristic search algorithm to search over equivalence classes of bayesian networks as oppose ←
→ text classification : a sequential reading approach ; we propose to model the text classification process as a sequential decision process . in this process , an agent learns to classify documents into topics while reading the document sentences sequentially and learns to stop as soon as enough information was read for deciding . the proposed algorithm is based on a modelisation of text classification as a markov decision process and learns by using reinforcement learning . experiments on four different classica ←
→ using dimension reduction to improve the classification of high - dimensional data ; in this work we show that the classification performance of high - dimensional structural mri data with only a small set of training examples is improved by the usage of dimension reduction methods . we assessed two different dimension reduction variants : feature selection by anova f - test and feature transformation by pca . on the reduced datasets , we applied common learning algorithms using 5 - fold cross - validation . training , t ←
→ semeval 2017 task 10 : scienceie - extracting keyphrases and relations from scientific publications ; we describe the semeval task of extracting keyphrases and relations between them from scientific documents , which is crucial for understanding which publications describe which processes , tasks and materials . although this was a new task , we had a total of 26 submissions across 3 evaluation scenarios . we expect the task and the findings reported in this paper to be relevant for researchers working on under ←
→ a generic deep architecture for single image reflection removal and image smoothing ; this paper proposes a deep neural network structure that exploits edge information in addressing representative low - level vision tasks such as layer separation and image filtering . unlike most other deep learning strategies applied in this context , our approach tackles these challenging problems by estimating edges and reconstructing images using only cascaded convolutional layers arranged such that no handcrafted or app ←
→ monocular fisheye camera depth estimation using semi - supervised sparse velodyne data ; near field depth estimation around a self driving car is an important function that can be achieved by four wide angle fisheye cameras having a field of view of over 180 . cnn based depth estimation produce state of the art results , but progress is hindered because depth annotation cannot be obtained manually . synthetic datasets are commonly used but they have limitations . for instance , they do not capture the extensive ←
→ atlasnet : a papier - mâché approach to learning 3d surface generation ; we introduce a method for learning to generate the surface of 3d shapes . our approach represents a 3d shape as a collection of parametric surface elements and , in contrast to methods generating voxel grids or point clouds , naturally infers a surface representation of the shape . beyond its novelty , our new shape generation framework , atlasnet , comes with significant advantages , such as improved precision and generalization capabilities , an ←
→ on extreme pruning of random forest ensembles for real - time predictive applications ; random forest ( rf ) is an ensemble supervised machine learning technique that was developed by breiman over a decade ago . compared with other ensemble techniques , it has proved its accuracy and superiority . many researchers , however , believe that there is still room for enhancing and improving its performance accuracy . this explains why , over the past decade , there have been many extensions of rf where each extension empl ←
→ unsupervised deep homography : a fast and robust homography estimation model ; homography estimation between multiple aerial images can provide relative pose estimation for collaborative autonomous exploration and monitoring . the usage on a robotic system requires a fast and robust homography estimation algorithm . in this study , we propose an unsupervised learning algorithm that trains a deep convolutional neural network to estimate planar homographies . we compare the proposed algorithm to traditional feat ←
→ deep convolutional neural network features and the original image ; face recognition algorithms based on deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ) have made progress on the task of recognizing faces in unconstrained viewing conditions . these networks operate with compact feature - based face representations derived from learning a very large number of face images . while the learned features produced by dcnns can be highly robust to changes in viewpoint , illumination , and appearance , little is known about the ←
→ a face recognition approach based on entropy estimate of the nonlinear dct features in the logarithm domain together with kernel entropy component analysis ; this paper exploits the feature extraction capabilities of the discrete cosine transform ( dct ) together with an illumination normalization approach in the logarithm domain that increase its robustness to variations in facial geometry and illumination . secondly in the same domain the entropy measures are applied on the dct coefficients so that maxim ←
→ automatic mapping of french discourse connectives to pdtb discourse relations ; in this paper , we present an approach to exploit phrase tables generated by statistical machine translation in order to map french discourse connectives to discourse relations . using this approach , we created concoledisco , a lexicon of french discourse connectives and their pdtb relations . when evaluated against lexconn , concoledisco achieves a recall of 0 . 81 and an average precision of 0 . 68 for the concession and condition re ←
→ policy gradients with variance related risk criteria ; managing risk in dynamic decision problems is of cardinal importance in many fields such as finance and process control . the most common approach to defining risk is through various variance related criteria such as the sharpe ratio or the standard deviation adjusted reward . it is known that optimizing many of the variance related risk criteria is np - hard . in this paper we devise a framework for local policy gradient style algorithms for reinforcement l ←
→ language modeling with highway lstm ; language models ( lms ) based on long short term memory ( lstm ) have shown good gains in many automatic speech recognition tasks . in this paper , we extend an lstm by adding highway networks inside an lstm and use the resulting highway lstm ( hw - lstm ) model for language modeling . the added highway networks increase the depth in the time dimension . since a typical lstm has two internal states , a memory cell and a hidden state , we compare various types of hw - lstm by adding hig ←
→ solving linear inverse problems using gan priors : an algorithm with provable guarantees ; in recent works , both sparsity - based methods as well as learning - based methods have proven to be successful in solving several challenging linear inverse problems . however , sparsity priors for natural signals and images suffer from poor discriminative capability , while learning - based methods seldom provide concrete theoretical guarantees . in this work , we advocate the idea of replacing hand - crafted priors , such as sp ←
→ superpixel clustering with deep features for unsupervised road segmentation ; vision - based autonomous driving requires classifying each pixel as corresponding to road or not , which can be addressed using semantic segmentation . semantic segmentation works well when used with a fully supervised model , but in practice , the required work of creating pixel - wise annotations is very expensive . although weakly supervised segmentation addresses this issue , most methods are not designed for road segmentation . in th ←
→ time series modeling by a regression approach based on a latent process ; time series are used in many domains including finance , engineering , economics and bioinformatics generally to represent the change of a measurement over time . modeling techniques may then be used to give a synthetic representation of such data . a new approach for time series modeling is proposed in this paper . it consists of a regression model incorporating a discrete hidden logistic process allowing for activating smoothly or abrupt ←
→ dataflow matrix machines as programmable , dynamically expandable , self - referential generalized recurrent neural networks ; dataflow matrix machines are a powerful generalization of recurrent neural networks . they work with multiple types of linear streams and multiple types of neurons , including higher - order neurons which dynamically update the matrix describing weights and topology of the network in question while the network is running . it seems that the power of dataflow matrix machines is sufficient f ←
→ bidirectional long - short term memory for video description ; video captioning has been attracting broad research attention in multimedia community . however , most existing approaches either ignore temporal information among video frames or just employ local contextual temporal knowledge . in this work , we propose a novel video captioning framework , termed as \ emph { bidirectional long - short term memory } ( bilstm ), which deeply captures bidirectional global temporal structure in video . specifically , we first devi ←
→ efficient and accurate mri super - resolution using a generative adversarial network and 3d multi - level densely connected network ; high - resolution ( hr ) magnetic resonance images ( mri ) provide detailed anatomical information important for clinical application and quantitative image analysis . however , hr mri conventionally comes at the cost of longer scan time , smaller spatial coverage , and lower signal - to - noise ratio ( snr ). recent studies have shown that single image super - resolution ( sisr ), a technique to ←
→ language identification of bengali - english code - mixed data using character & phonetic based lstm models ; language identification of social media text still remains a challenging task due to properties like code - mixing and inconsistent phonetic transliterations . in this paper , we present a supervised learning approach for language identification at the word level of low resource bengali - english code - mixed data taken from social media . we employ two methods of word encoding , namely character based and root ←
→ octnetfusion : learning depth fusion from data ; in this paper , we present a learning based approach to depth fusion , i . e ., dense 3d reconstruction from multiple depth images . the most common approach to depth fusion is based on averaging truncated signed distance functions , which was originally proposed by curless and levoy in 1996 . while this method is simple and provides great results , it is not able to reconstruct ( partially ) occluded surfaces and requires a large number frames to filter out sensor noise ←
→ a fast hybrid primal heuristic for multiband robust capacitated network design with multiple time periods ; we investigate the robust multiperiod network design problem , a generalization of the capacitated network design problem ( cndp ) that , besides establishing flow routing and network capacity installation as in a canonical cndp , also considers a planning horizon made up of multiple time periods and protection against fluctuations in traffic volumes . as a remedy against traffic volume uncertainty , we pr ←
→ constrained low - rank learning using least squares - based regularization ; low - rank learning has attracted much attention recently due to its efficacy in a rich variety of real - world tasks , e . g ., subspace segmentation and image categorization . most low - rank methods are incapable of capturing low - dimensional subspace for supervised learning tasks , e . g ., classification and regression . this paper aims to learn both the discriminant low - rank representation ( lrr ) and the robust projecting subspace in a supervised ←
→ lattice structure of variable precision rough sets ; the main purpose of this paper is to study the lattice structure of variable precision rough sets . the notion of variation in precision of rough sets have been further extended to variable precision rough set with variable classification error and its algebraic properties are also studied .←
→ scalable parallel numerical csp solver ; we present a parallel solver for numerical constraint satisfaction problems ( ncsps ) that can scale on a number of cores . our proposed method runs worker solvers on the available cores and simultaneously the workers cooperate for the search space distribution and balancing . in the experiments , we attained up to 119 - fold speedup using 256 cores of a parallel computer .←
→ fusion of multispectral satellite imagery using a cluster of graphics processing unit ; the paper presents a parallel implementation of existing image fusion methods on a graphical cluster . parallel implementations of methods based on discrete wavelet transformation ( haars and daubechies discrete wavelet transform ) are developed . experiments were performed on a cluster using gpu and cpu and performance gains were estimated for the use of the developed parallel implementations to process satellite images f ←
→ weakly supervised one - shot detection with attention siamese networks ; we consider the task of weakly supervised one - shot detection . in this task , we attempt to perform a detection task over a set of unseen classes , when training only using weak binary labels that indicate the existence of a class instance in a given example . the model is conditioned on a single exemplar of an unseen class and a target example that may or may not contain an instance of the same class as the exemplar . a similarity map is com ←
→ learning deep generative models with doubly stochastic mcmc ; we present doubly stochastic gradient mcmc , a simple and generic method for ( approximate ) bayesian inference of deep generative models ( dgms ) in a collapsed continuous parameter space . at each mcmc sampling step , the algorithm randomly draws a mini - batch of data samples to estimate the gradient of log - posterior and further estimates the intractable expectation over hidden variables via a neural adaptive importance sampler , where the proposal dist ←
→ multi - task learning with group - specific feature space sharing ; when faced with learning a set of inter - related tasks from a limited amount of usable data , learning each task independently may lead to poor generalization performance . multi - task learning ( mtl ) exploits the latent relations between tasks and overcomes data scarcity limitations by co - learning all these tasks simultaneously to offer improved performance . we propose a novel multi - task multiple kernel learning framework based on support vector ma ←
→ stochastic interpretation of quasi - periodic event - based systems ; many networks used in machine learning and as models of biological neural networks make use of stochastic neurons or neuron - like units . we show that stochastic artificial neurons can be realized on silicon chips by exploiting the quasi - periodic behavior of mismatched analog oscillators to approximate the neuron ' s stochastic activation function . we represent neurons by finite state machines ( fsms ) that communicate using digital events and whos ←
→ decentralized collaborative learning of personalized models over networks ; we consider a set of learning agents in a collaborative peer - to - peer network , where each agent learns a personalized model according to its own learning objective . the question addressed in this paper is : how can agents improve upon their locally trained model by communicating with other agents that have similar objectives ? we introduce and analyze two asynchronous gossip algorithms running in a fully decentralized manner . our fir ←
→ a multiple radar approach for automatic target recognition of aircraft using inverse synthetic aperture radar ; along with the improvement of radar technologies , automatic target recognition ( atr ) using synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) and inverse sar ( isar ) has come to be an active research area . sar / isar are radar techniques to generate a two - dimensional high - resolution image of a target . unlike other similar experiments using convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) to solve this problem , we utilize an unusua ←
→ deeply - supervised nets ; our proposed deeply - supervised nets ( dsn ) method simultaneously minimizes classification error while making the learning process of hidden layers direct and transparent . we make an attempt to boost the classification performance by studying a new formulation in deep networks . three aspects in convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) style architectures are being looked at : ( 1 ) transparency of the intermediate layers to the overall classification ; ( 2 ) discriminativeness and robustness of ←
→ multi - modal mean - fields via cardinality - based clamping ; mean field inference is central to statistical physics . it has attracted much interest in the computer vision community to efficiently solve problems expressible in terms of large conditional random fields . however , since it models the posterior probability distribution as a product of marginal probabilities , it may fail to properly account for important dependencies between variables . we therefore replace the fully factorized distribution of mean fie ←
→ plurals : individuals and sets in a richly typed semantics ; we developed a type - theoretical framework for natural lan - guage semantics that , in addition to the usual montagovian treatment of compositional semantics , includes a treatment of some phenomena of lex - ical semantic : coercions , meaning , transfers , ( in ) felicitous co - predication . in this setting we see how the various readings of plurals ( collective , dis - tributive , coverings ,...) can be modelled .←
→ a ga based window selection methodology to enhance window based multi wavelet transformation and thresholding aided ct image denoising technique ; image denoising is getting more significance , especially in computed tomography ( ct ), which is an important and most common modality in medical imaging . this is mainly due to that the effectiveness of clinical diagnosis using ct image lies on the image quality . the denoising technique for ct images using window - based multi - wavelet transformation and thresholdin ←
→ safe reasoning over ontologies ; as ontologies proliferate and automatic reasoners become more powerful , the problem of protecting sensitive information becomes more serious . in particular , as facts can be inferred from other facts , it becomes increasingly likely that information included in an ontology , while not itself deemed sensitive , may be able to be used to infer other sensitive information . we first consider the problem of testing an ontology for safeness defined as its not being able to be used t ←
→ effective lstms for target - dependent sentiment classification ; target - dependent sentiment classification remains a challenge : modeling the semantic relatedness of a target with its context words in a sentence . different context words have different influences on determining the sentiment polarity of a sentence towards the target . therefore , it is desirable to integrate the connections between target word and context words when building a learning system . in this paper , we develop two target dependent long ←
→ multi - q pattern classification of polarization curves ; several experimental measurements are expressed in the form of one - dimensional profiles , for which there is a scarcity of methodologies able to classify the pertinence of a given result to a specific group . the polarization curves that evaluate the corrosion kinetics of electrodes in corrosive media are an application where the behavior is chiefly analyzed from profiles . polarization curves are indeed a classic method to determine the global kinetics o ←
→ on geometric algebra representation of binary spatter codes ; kanerva ' s binary spatter codes are reformulated in terms of geometric algebra . the key ingredient of the construction is the representation of xor binding in terms of geometric product .←
→ self - supervised monocular image depth learning and confidence estimation ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) need large amounts of data with ground truth annotation , which is a challenging problem that has limited the development and fast deployment of cnns for many computer vision tasks . we propose a novel framework for depth estimation from monocular images with corresponding confidence in a self - supervised manner . a fully differential patch - based cost function is proposed by using the zero - mean normal ←
→ fever : a large - scale dataset for fact extraction and verification ; unlike other tasks and despite recent interest , research in textual claim verification has been hindered by the lack of large - scale manually annotated datasets . in this paper we introduce a new publicly available dataset for verification against textual sources , fever : fact extraction and verification . it consists of 185 , 441 claims generated by altering sentences extracted from wikipedia and subsequently verified without knowledge of the se ←
→ adversarial networks for spatial context - aware spectral image reconstruction from rgb ; hyperspectral signal reconstruction aims at recovering the original spectral input that produced a certain trichromatic ( rgb ) response from a capturing device or observer . given the heavily underconstrained , non - linear nature of the problem , traditional techniques leverage different statistical properties of the spectral signal in order to build informative priors from real world object reflectances for constructing su ←
→ an efficient codebook initialization approach for lbg algorithm ; in vq based image compression technique has three major steps namely ( i ) codebook design , ( ii ) vq encoding process and ( iii ) vq decoding process . the performance of vq based image compression technique depends upon the constructed codebook . a widely used technique for vq codebook design is the linde - buzo - gray ( lbg ) algorithm . however the performance of the standard lbg algorithm is highly dependent on the choice of the initial codebook . in th ←
→ log - normal matrix completion for large scale link prediction ; the ubiquitous proliferation of online social networks has led to the widescale emergence of relational graphs expressing unique patterns in link formation and descriptive user node features . matrix factorization and completion have become popular methods for link prediction due to the low rank nature of mutual node friendship information , and the availability of parallel computer architectures for rapid matrix processing . current link predictio ←
→ tunnel effects in cognition : a new mechanism for scientific discovery and education ; it is quite exceptional , if it ever happens , that a new conceptual domain be built from scratch . usually , it is developed and mastered in interaction , both positive and negative , with other more operational existing domains . few reasoning mechanisms have been proposed to account for the interplay of different conceptual domains and the transfer of information from one to another . analogical reasoning is one , blending is ←
→ forward and reverse gradient - based hyperparameter optimization ; we study two procedures ( reverse - mode and forward - mode ) for computing the gradient of the validation error with respect to the hyperparameters of any iterative learning algorithm such as stochastic gradient descent . these procedures mirror two methods of computing gradients for recurrent neural networks and have different trade - offs in terms of running time and space requirements . our formulation of the reverse - mode procedure is linked to prev ←
→ new approach using bayesian network to improve content based image classification systems ; this paper proposes a new approach based on augmented naive bayes for image classification . initially , each image is cutting in a whole of blocks . for each block , we compute a vector of descriptors . then , we propose to carry out a classification of the vectors of descriptors to build a vector of labels for each image . finally , we propose three variants of bayesian networks such as naive bayesian network ( nb ), tree ←
→ learning to cluster in order to transfer across domains and tasks ; this paper introduces a novel method to perform transfer learning across domains and tasks , formulating it as a problem of learning to cluster . the key insight is that , in addition to features , we can transfer similarity information and this is sufficient to learn a similarity function and clustering network to perform both domain adaptation and cross - task transfer learning . we begin by reducing categorical information to pairwise constrain ←
→ active model selection ; classical learning assumes the learner is given a labeled data sample , from which it learns a model . the field of active learning deals with the situation where the learner begins not with a training sample , but instead with resources that it can use to obtain information to help identify the optimal model . to better understand this task , this paper presents and analyses the simplified "( budgeted ) active model selection " version , which captures the pure exploration aspect of many ac ←
→ improving the performance of online neural transducer models ; having a sequence - to - sequence model which can operate in an online fashion is important for streaming applications such as voice search . neural transducer is a streaming sequence - to - sequence model , but has shown a significant degradation in performance compared to non - streaming models such as listen , attend and spell ( las ). in this paper , we present various improvements to nt . specifically , we look at increasing the window over which nt computes ←
→ the statistical recurrent unit ; sophisticated gated recurrent neural network architectures like lstms and grus have been shown to be highly effective in a myriad of applications . we develop an un - gated unit , the statistical recurrent unit ( sru ), that is able to learn long term dependencies in data by only keeping moving averages of statistics . the sru ' s architecture is simple , un - gated , and contains a comparable number of parameters to lstms ; yet , srus perform favorably to more sophisticated lstm and gru a ←
→ network analysis of named entity co - occurrences in written texts ; the use of methods borrowed from statistics and physics to analyze written texts has allowed the discovery of unprecedent patterns of human behavior and cognition by establishing links between models features and language structure . while current models have been useful to unveil patterns via analysis of syntactical and semantical networks , only a few works have probed the relevance of investigating the structure arising from the relationshi ←
→ finetuning randomized heuristic search for 2d path planning : finding the best input parameters for r * algorithm through series of experiments ; path planning is typically considered in artificial intelligence as a graph searching problem and r * is state - of - the - art algorithm tailored to solve it . the algorithm decomposes given path finding task into the series of subtasks each of which can be easily ( in computational sense ) solved by well - known methods ( such as a *). parameterized random choice is used to p ←
→ variational message passing with structured inference networks ; recent efforts on combining deep models with probabilistic graphical models are promising in providing flexible models that are also easy to interpret . we propose a variational message - passing algorithm for variational inference in such models . we make three contributions . first , we propose structured inference networks that incorporate the structure of the graphical model in the inference network of variational auto - encoders ( vae ). second , we ←
→ the metrics matter ! on the incompatibility of different flavors of replanning ; when autonomous agents are executing in the real world , the state of the world as well as the objectives of the agent may change from the agent ' s original model . in such cases , the agent ' s planning process must modify the plan under execution to make it amenable to the new conditions , and to resume execution . this brings up the replanning problem , and the various techniques that have been proposed to solve it . in all , three ma ←
→ a pos tagger for code mixed indian social media text - icon - 2016 nlp tools contest entry from surukam ; building part - of - speech ( pos ) taggers for code - mixed indian languages is a particularly challenging problem in computational linguistics due to a dearth of accurately annotated training corpora . icon , as part of its nlp tools contest has organized this challenge as a shared task for the second consecutive year to improve the state - of - the - art . this paper describes the pos tagger built at surukam to predi ←
→ extending the stable model semantics with more expressive rules ; the rules associated with propositional logic programs and the stable model semantics are not expressive enough to let one write concise programs . this problem is alleviated by introducing some new types of propositional rules . together with a decision procedure that has been used as a base for an efficient implementation , the new rules supplant the standard ones in practical applications of the stable model semantics .←
→ improving coreference resolution by learning entity - level distributed representations ; a long - standing challenge in coreference resolution has been the incorporation of entity - level information - features defined over clusters of mentions instead of mention pairs . we present a neural network based coreference system that produces high - dimensional vector representations for pairs of coreference clusters . using these representations , our system learns when combining clusters is desirable . we train the syst ←
→ an eigenanalysis of data centering in machine learning ; many pattern recognition methods rely on statistical information from centered data , with the eigenanalysis of an empirical central moment , such as the covariance matrix in principal component analysis ( pca ), as well as partial least squares regression , canonical - correlation analysis and fisher discriminant analysis . recently , many researchers advocate working on non - centered data . this is the case for instance with the singular value decomposition ap ←
→ cluster forests ; with inspiration from random forests ( rf ) in the context of classification , a new clustering ensemble method --- cluster forests ( cf ) is proposed . geometrically , cf randomly probes a high - dimensional data cloud to obtain " good local clusterings " and then aggregates via spectral clustering to obtain cluster assignments for the whole dataset . the search for good local clusterings is guided by a cluster quality measure kappa . cf progressively improves each local clustering in a fashion that res ←
→ demystifying relational latent representations ; latent features learned by deep learning approaches have proven to be a powerful tool for machine learning . they serve as a data abstraction that makes learning easier by capturing regularities in data explicitly . their benefits motivated their adaptation to relational learning context . in our previous work , we introduce an approach that learns relational latent features by means of clustering instances and their relations . the major drawback of latent repres ←
→ learning hidden markov models using non - negative matrix factorization ; the baum - welsh algorithm together with its derivatives and variations has been the main technique for learning hidden markov models ( hmm ) from observational data . we present an hmm learning algorithm based on the non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) of higher order markovian statistics that is structurally different from the baum - welsh and its associated approaches . the described algorithm supports estimation of the number of recurre ←
→ learning a visuomotor controller for real world robotic grasping using simulated depth images ; we want to build robots that are useful in unstructured real world applications , such as doing work in the household . grasping in particular is an important skill in this domain , yet it remains a challenge . one of the key hurdles is handling unexpected changes or motion in the objects being grasped and kinematic noise or other errors in the robot . this paper proposes an approach to learning a closed - loop contro ←
→ shading annotations in the wild ; understanding shading effects in images is critical for a variety of vision and graphics problems , including intrinsic image decomposition , shadow removal , image relighting , and inverse rendering . as is the case with other vision tasks , machine learning is a promising approach to understanding shading - but there is little ground truth shading data available for real - world images . we introduce shading annotations in the wild ( saw ), a new large - scale , public dataset of shadi ←
→ story cloze ending selection baselines and data examination ; this paper describes two supervised baseline systems for the story cloze test shared task ( mostafazadeh et al ., 2016a ). we first build a classifier using features based on word embeddings and semantic similarity computation . we further implement a neural lstm system with different encoding strategies that try to model the relation between the story and the provided endings . our experiments show that a model using representation features based on ←
→ efficient machine learning for big data : a review ; with the emerging technologies and all associated devices , it is predicted that massive amount of data will be created in the next few years , in fact , as much as 90 % of current data were created in the last couple of years , a trend that will continue for the foreseeable future . sustainable computing studies the process by which computer engineer / scientist designs computers and associated subsystems efficiently and effectively with minimal impact on the envi ←
→ two - stream rnn / cnn for action recognition in 3d videos ; the recognition of actions from video sequences has many applications in health monitoring , assisted living , surveillance , and smart homes . despite advances in sensing , in particular related to 3d video , the methodologies to process the data are still subject to research . we demonstrate superior results by a system which combines recurrent neural networks with convolutional neural networks in a voting approach . the gated - recurrent - unit - based neural ne ←
→ a robust ensemble approach to learn from positive and unlabeled data using svm base models ; we present a novel approach to learn binary classifiers when only positive and unlabeled instances are available ( pu learning ). this problem is routinely cast as a supervised task with label noise in the negative set . we use an ensemble of svm models trained on bootstrap resamples of the training data for increased robustness against label noise . the approach can be considered in a bagging framework which provides ←
→ continuous - time flows for efficient inference and density estimation ; two fundamental problems in unsupervised learning are efficient inference for latent - variable models and robust density estimation based on large amounts of unlabeled data . algorithms for the two tasks , such as normalizing flows and generative adversarial networks ( gans ), are often developed independently . in this paper , we propose the concept of {\ em continuous - time flows } ( ctfs ), a family of diffusion - based methods that are able to asy ←
→ compressive sensing via convolutional factor analysis ; we solve the compressive sensing problem via convolutional factor analysis , where the convolutional dictionaries are learned {\ em in situ } from the compressed measurements . an alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ) paradigm for compressive sensing inversion based on convolutional factor analysis is developed . the proposed algorithm provides reconstructed images as well as features , which can be directly used for recognition ($ e . g .$, classif ←
→ visual analytics of image - centric cohort studies in epidemiology ; epidemiology characterizes the influence of causes to disease and health conditions of defined populations . cohort studies are population - based studies involving usually large numbers of randomly selected individuals and comprising numerous attributes , ranging from self - reported interview data to results from various medical examinations , e . g ., blood and urine samples . since recently , medical imaging has been used as an additional instrument ←
→ three - dimensional segmentation of vesicular networks of fungal hyphae in macroscopic microscopy image stacks ; automating the extraction and quantification of features from three - dimensional ( 3 - d ) image stacks is a critical task for advancing computer vision research . the union of 3 - d image acquisition and analysis enables the quantification of biological resistance of a plant tissue to fungal infection through the analysis of attributes such as fungal penetration depth , fungal mass , and branching of the ←
→ towards stability and optimality in stochastic gradient descent ; iterative procedures for parameter estimation based on stochastic gradient descent allow the estimation to scale to massive data sets . however , in both theory and practice , they suffer from numerical instability . moreover , they are statistically inefficient as estimators of the true parameter value . to address these two issues , we propose a new iterative procedure termed averaged implicit sgd ( ai - sgd ). for statistical efficiency , ai - sgd emplo ←
→ arsenal : automatic requirements specification extraction from natural language ; requirements are informal and semi - formal descriptions of the expected behavior of a complex system from the viewpoints of its stakeholders ( customers , users , operators , designers , and engineers ). however , for the purpose of design , testing , and verification for critical systems , we can transform requirements into formal models that can be analyzed automatically . arsenal is a framework and methodology for systematically trans ←
→ neural networks in adversarial setting and ill - conditioned weight space ; recently , neural networks have seen a huge surge in its adoption due to their ability to provide high accuracy on various tasks . on the other hand , the existence of adversarial examples have raised suspicions regarding the generalization capabilities of neural networks . in this work , we focus on the weight matrix learnt by the neural networks and hypothesize that ill conditioned weight matrix is one of the contributing factors in neur ←
→ learning representations from deep networks using mode synthesizers ; deep learning networks play a crucial role in the evolution of a vast number of current machine learning models for solving a variety of real world non - trivial tasks . such networks use big data which is generally unlabeled unsupervised and multi - layered requiring no form of supervision for training and learning data and has been used to successfully build automatic supervisory neural networks . however the question still remains how well t ←
→ deep learning microscopy ; we demonstrate that a deep neural network can significantly improve optical microscopy , enhancing its spatial resolution over a large field - of - view and depth - of - field . after its training , the only input to this network is an image acquired using a regular optical microscope , without any changes to its design . we blindly tested this deep learning approach using various tissue samples that are imaged with low - resolution and wide - field systems , where the network rapidly outputs an im ←
→ visual scene representations : contrast , scaling and occlusion ; we study the structure of representations , defined as approximations of minimal sufficient statistics that are maximal invariants to nuisance factors , for visual data subject to scaling and occlusion of line - of - sight . we derive analytical expressions for such representations and show that , under certain restrictive assumptions , they are related to features commonly in use in the computer vision community . this link highlights the condition taci ←
→ adversarially tuned scene generation ; generalization performance of trained computer vision systems that use computer graphics ( cg ) generated data is not yet effective due to the concept of ' domain - shift ' between virtual and real data . although simulated data augmented with a few real world samples has been shown to mitigate domain shift and improve transferability of trained models , guiding or bootstrapping the virtual data generation with the distributions learnt from target real world domain is desired ,←
→ parameterized complexity results in symmetry breaking ; symmetry is a common feature of many combinatorial problems . unfortunately eliminating all symmetry from a problem is often computationally intractable . this paper argues that recent parameterized complexity results provide insight into that intractability and help identify special cases in which symmetry can be dealt with more tractably ←
→ autogp : exploring the capabilities and limitations of gaussian process models ; we investigate the capabilities and limitations of gaussian process models by jointly exploring three complementary directions : ( i ) scalable and statistically efficient inference ; ( ii ) flexible kernels ; and ( iii ) objective functions for hyperparameter learning alternative to the marginal likelihood . our approach outperforms all previously reported gp methods on the standard mnist dataset ; performs comparatively to previous ker ←
→ computational beauty : aesthetic judgment at the intersection of art and science ; in part one of the critique of judgment , immanuel kant wrote that " the judgment of taste ... is not a cognitive judgment , and so not logical , but is aesthetic ."\ cite { kant } while the condition of aesthetic discernment has long been the subject of philosophical discourse , the role of the arbiters of that judgment has more often been assumed than questioned . the art historian , critic , connoisseur , and curator have long held the e ←
→ structured triplet learning with pos - tag guided attention for visual question answering ; visual question answering ( vqa ) is of significant interest due to its potential to be a strong test of image understanding systems and to probe the connection between language and vision . despite much recent progress , general vqa is far from a solved problem . in this paper , we focus on the vqa multiple - choice task , and provide some good practices for designing an effective vqa model that can capture language - vision i ←
→ robust filtering and smoothing with gaussian processes ; we propose a principled algorithm for robust bayesian filtering and smoothing in nonlinear stochastic dynamic systems when both the transition function and the measurement function are described by non - parametric gaussian process ( gp ) models . gps are gaining increasing importance in signal processing , machine learning , robotics , and control for representing unknown system functions by posterior probability distributions . this modern way of " system ide ←
→ hyperspectral chemical plume detection algorithms based on multidimensional iterative filtering decomposition ; chemicals released in the air can be extremely dangerous for human beings and the environment . hyperspectral images can be used to identify chemical plumes , however the task can be extremely challenging . assuming we know a priori that some chemical plume , with a known frequency spectrum , has been photographed using a hyperspectral sensor , we can use standard techniques like the so called matched ←
→ joint structured models for extraction from overlapping sources ; we consider the problem of jointly training structured models for extraction from sources whose instances enjoy partial overlap . this has important applications like user - driven ad - hoc information extraction on the web . such applications present new challenges in terms of the number of sources and their arbitrary pattern of overlap not seen by earlier collective training schemes applied on two sources . we present an agreement - based learning f ←
→ high - level concepts for affective understanding of images ; this paper aims to bridge the affective gap between image content and the emotional response of the viewer it elicits by using high - level concepts ( hlcs ). in contrast to previous work that relied solely on low - level features or used convolutional neural network ( cnn ) as a black - box , we use hlcs generated by pretrained cnns in an explicit way to investigate the relations / associations between these hlcs and a ( small ) set of ekman ' s emotional classes .←
→ domain - adversarial neural networks ; we introduce a new representation learning algorithm suited to the context of domain adaptation , in which data at training and test time come from similar but different distributions . our algorithm is directly inspired by theory on domain adaptation suggesting that , for effective domain transfer to be achieved , predictions must be made based on a data representation that cannot discriminate between the training ( source ) and test ( target ) domains . we propose a training ob ←
→ chess player by co - evolutionary algorithm ; a co - evolutionary algorithm ( ca ) based chess player is presented . implementation details of the algorithms , namely coding , population , variation operators are described . the alpha - beta or mini - max like behaviour of the player is achieved through two competitive or cooperative populations . special attention is given to the fitness function evaluation ( the heart of the solution ). test results on algorithms vs . algorithms or human player is provided .←
→ mining for adverse drug events with formal concept analysis ; the pharmacovigilance databases consist of several case reports involving drugs and adverse events ( aes ). some methods are applied consistently to highlight all signals , i . e . all statistically significant associations between a drug and an ae . these methods are appropriate for verification of more complex relationships involving one or several drug ( s ) and ae ( s ) ( e . g ; syndromes or interactions ) but do not address the identification of them . we pro ←
→ on extended long short - term memory and dependent bidirectional recurrent neural network ; in this work , we investigate the memory capability of recurrent neural networks ( rnns ), where this capability is defined as a function that maps an element in a sequence to the current output . we first analyze the system function of a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) cell , and provide analytical results for three rnns . they are the simple recurrent neural network ( srn ), the long short - term memory ( lstm ), and the gated ←
→ cross euclidean - to - riemannian metric learning with application to face recognition from video ; riemannian manifolds have been widely employed for video representations in visual classification tasks including video - based face recognition . the success mainly derives from learning a discriminant riemannian metric which encodes the non - linear geometry of the underlying riemannian manifolds . in this paper , we propose a novel metric learning framework to learn a distance metric across a euclidean space and a ←
→ combating reinforcement learning ' s sisyphean curse with intrinsic fear ; many practical environments contain catastrophic states that an optimal agent would visit infrequently or never . even on toy problems , deep reinforcement learning ( drl ) agents tend to periodically revisit these states upon forgetting their existence under a new policy . we introduce intrinsic fear ( if ), a learned reward shaping that guards drl agents against periodic catastrophes . if agents possess a fear model trained to predict the pr ←
→ astronomical image reconstruction with convolutional neural networks ; state of the art methods in astronomical image reconstruction rely on the resolution of a regularized or constrained optimization problem . solving this problem can be computationally intensive and usually leads to a quadratic or at least superlinear complexity w . r . t . the number of pixels in the image . we investigate in this work the use of convolutional neural networks for image reconstruction in astronomy . with neural networks , the comp ←
→ efficient hierarchical graph - based segmentation of rgbd videos ; we present an efficient and scalable algorithm for segmenting 3d rgbd point clouds by combining depth , color , and temporal information using a multistage , hierarchical graph - based approach . our algorithm processes a moving window over several point clouds to group similar regions over a graph , resulting in an initial over - segmentation . these regions are then merged to yield a dendrogram using agglomerative clustering via a minimum spanning tre ←
→ tensor switching networks ; we present a novel neural network algorithm , the tensor switching ( ts ) network , which generalizes the rectified linear unit ( relu ) nonlinearity to tensor - valued hidden units . the ts network copies its entire input vector to different locations in an expanded representation , with the location determined by its hidden unit activity . in this way , even a simple linear readout from the ts representation can implement a highly expressive deep - network - like function . the ts network hence ←
→ revisiting the training of logic models of protein signaling networks with a formal approach based on answer set programming ; a fundamental question in systems biology is the construction and training to data of mathematical models . logic formalisms have become very popular to model signaling networks because their simplicity allows us to model large systems encompassing hundreds of proteins . an approach to train ( boolean ) logic models to high - throughput phospho - proteomics data was recently introduced an ←
→ collaborative receptive field learning ; the challenge of object categorization in images is largely due to arbitrary translations and scales of the foreground objects . to attack this difficulty , we propose a new approach called collaborative receptive field learning to extract specific receptive fields ( rf ' s ) or regions from multiple images , and the selected rf ' s are supposed to focus on the foreground objects of a common category . to this end , we solve the problem by maximizing a submodular function over ←
→ denoising imaging polarimetry by an adapted bm3d method ; imaging polarimetry allows more information to be extracted from a scene than conventional intensity or colour imaging . however , a major challenge of imaging polarimetry is image degradation due to noise . this paper investigates the mitigation of noise through denoising algorithms and compares existing denoising algorithms with a new method , based on bm3d . this algorithm , pbm3d , gives visual quality superior to the state of the art across all images ←
→ tgif - qa : toward spatio - temporal reasoning in visual question answering ; vision and language understanding has emerged as a subject undergoing intense study in artificial intelligence . among many tasks in this line of research , visual question answering ( vqa ) has been one of the most successful ones , where the goal is to learn a model that understands visual content at region - level details and finds their associations with pairs of questions and answers in the natural language form . despite the rapid progre ←
→ active skeleton for bacteria modeling ; the investigation of spatio - temporal dynamics of bacterial cells and their molecular components requires automated image analysis tools to track cell shape properties and molecular component locations inside the cells . in the study of bacteria aging , the molecular components of interest are protein aggregates accumulated near bacteria boundaries . this particular location makes very ambiguous the correspondence between aggregates and cells , since computing accurately b ←
→ structured priors for structure learning ; traditional approaches to bayes net structure learning typically assume little regularity in graph structure other than sparseness . however , in many cases , we expect more systematicity : variables in real - world systems often group into classes that predict the kinds of probabilistic dependencies they participate in . here we capture this form of prior knowledge in a hierarchical bayesian framework , and exploit it to enable structure learning and type discovery from s ←
→ deep learning for causal inference ; in this paper , we propose deep learning techniques for econometrics , specifically for causal inference and for estimating individual as well as average treatment effects . the contribution of this paper is twofold : 1 . for generalized neighbor matching to estimate individual and average treatment effects , we analyze the use of autoencoders for dimensionality reduction while maintaining the local neighborhood structure among the data points in the embedding space . this deep ←
→ agent - based perception of an environment in an emergency situation ; we are interested in the problem of multiagent systems development for risk detecting and emergency response in an uncertain and partially perceived environment . the evaluation of the current situation passes by three stages inside the multiagent system . in a first time , the situation is represented in a dynamic way . the second step , consists to characterise the situation and finally , it is compared with other similar known situations . in ←
→ exploring convolutional networks for end - to - end visual servoing ; present image based visual servoing approaches rely on extracting hand crafted visual features from an image . choosing the right set of features is important as it directly affects the performance of any approach . motivated by recent breakthroughs in performance of data driven methods on recognition and localization tasks , we aim to learn visual feature representations suitable for servoing tasks in unstructured and unknown environments . in t ←
→ average convergence rate of evolutionary algorithms ; in evolutionary optimization , it is important to understand how fast evolutionary algorithms converge to the optimum per generation , or their convergence rate . this paper proposes a new measure of the convergence rate , called average convergence rate . it is a normalised geometric mean of the reduction ratio of the fitness difference per generation . the calculation of the average convergence rate is very simple and it is applicable for most evolutionary a ←
→ shape and color object tracking for real - time robotic navigation ; this paper presents a real - time approach for single - colored ball detection and tracking . the approach consists of two main phases . in a first offline calibration phase , the intrinsic parameters of the camera and the radial distortion are estimated , and a classification of colors is learned from a sample image of colored balls . the second phase consists of four main steps : ( 1 ) color segmentation of the input image into several regions based o ←
→ director field model of the primary visual cortex for contour detection ; we aim to build the simplest possible model capable of detecting long , noisy contours in a cluttered visual scene . for this , we model the neural dynamics in the primate primary visual cortex in terms of a continuous director field that describes the average rate and the average orientational preference of active neurons at a particular point in the cortex . we then use a linear - nonlinear dynamical model with long range connectivity pat ←
→ zero - sum repeated games : counterexamples to the existence of the asymptotic value and the conjecture $\ operatorname { maxmin }=\ operatorname { lim } v_n $ ; mertens [ in proceedings of the international congress of mathematicians ( berkeley , calif ., 1986 ) ( 1987 ) 1528 - 1577 amer . math . soc .] proposed two general conjectures about repeated games : the first one is that , in any two - person zero - sum repeated game , the asymptotic value exists , and the second one is that , when player 1 is more informed than player 2 , in t ←
→ annealed generative adversarial networks ; we introduce a novel framework for adversarial training where the target distribution is annealed between the uniform distribution and the data distribution . we posited a conjecture that learning under continuous annealing in the nonparametric regime is stable irrespective of the divergence measures in the objective function and proposed an algorithm , dubbed {\ ss }- gan , in corollary . in this framework , the fact that the initial support of the generative network is t ←
→ on the design and analysis of multiple view descriptors ; we propose an extension of popular descriptors based on gradient orientation histograms ( hog , computed in a single image ) to multiple views . it hinges on interpreting hog as a conditional density in the space of sampled images , where the effects of nuisance factors such as viewpoint and illumination are marginalized . however , such marginalization is performed with respect to a very coarse approximation of the underlying distribution . our extension le ←
→ a genetic algorithm for solving quadratic assignment problem ( qap ) ; the quadratic assignment problem ( qap ) is one of the models used for the multi - row layout problem with facilities of equal area . there are a set of n facilities and a set of n locations . for each pair of locations , a distance is specified and for each pair of facilities a weight or flow is specified ( e . g ., the amount of supplies transported between the two facilities ). the problem is to assign all facilities to different locations with the ←
→ nested aggregates in answer sets : an application to a priori optimization ; we allow representing and reasoning in the presence of nested multiple aggregates over multiple variables and nested multiple aggregates over functions involving multiple variables in answer sets , precisely , in answer set optimization programming and in answer set programming . we show the applicability of the answer set optimization programming with nested multiple aggregates and the answer set programming with nested multiple agg ←
→ approxdbn : approximate computing for discriminative deep belief networks ; probabilistic generative neural networks are useful for many applications , such as image classification , speech recognition and occlusion removal . however , the power budget for hardware implementations of neural networks can be extremely tight . to address this challenge we describe a design methodology for using approximate computing methods to implement approximate deep belief networks ( approxdbns ) by systematically exploring the us ←
→ approximations of the restless bandit problem ; the multi - armed restless bandit problem is studied in the case where the pay - offs are not necessarily independent over time nor across the arms . even though this version of the problem provides a more realistic model for most real - world applications , it cannot be optimally solved in practice since it is known to be pspace - hard . the objective of this paper is to characterize special sub - classes of the problem where good approximate solutions can be found using ←
→ did : distributed incremental block coordinate descent for nonnegative matrix factorization ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) has attracted much attention in the last decade as a dimension reduction method in many applications . due to the explosion in the size of data , naturally the samples are collected and stored distributively in local computational nodes . thus , there is a growing need to develop algorithms in a distributed memory architecture . we propose a novel distributed algorithm , called \ te ←
→ pointnet ++: deep hierarchical feature learning on point sets in a metric space ; few prior works study deep learning on point sets . pointnet by qi et al . is a pioneer in this direction . however , by design pointnet does not capture local structures induced by the metric space points live in , limiting its ability to recognize fine - grained patterns and generalizability to complex scenes . in this work , we introduce a hierarchical neural network that applies pointnet recursively on a nested partitioning of the ←
→ on the complexity of switching linear regression ; this technical note extends recent results on the computational complexity of globally minimizing the error of piecewise - affine models to the related problem of minimizing the error of switching linear regression models . in particular , we show that , on the one hand the problem is np - hard , but on the other hand , it admits a polynomial - time algorithm with respect to the number of data points for any fixed data dimension and number of modes .←
→ feature selection in conditional random fields for map matching of gps trajectories ; map matching of the gps trajectory serves the purpose of recovering the original route on a road network from a sequence of noisy gps observations . it is a fundamental technique to many location based services . however , map matching of a low sampling rate on urban road network is still a challenging task . in this paper , the characteristics of conditional random fields with regard to inducing many contextual features and ←
→ intelligent bidirectional rapidly - exploring random trees for optimal motion planning in complex cluttered environments ; the sampling based motion planning algorithm known as rapidly - exploring random trees ( rrt ) has gained the attention of many researchers due to their computational efficiency and effectiveness . recently , a variant of rrt called rrt * has been proposed that ensures asymptotic optimality . subsequently its bidirectional version has also been introduced in the literature known as bidirectiona ←
→ segmentation of ultrasound images of thyroid nodule for assisting fine needle aspiration cytology ; the incidence of thyroid nodule is very high and generally increases with the age . thyroid nodule may presage the emergence of thyroid cancer . the thyroid nodule can be completely cured if detected early . fine needle aspiration cytology is a recognized early diagnosis method of thyroid nodule . there are still some limitations in the fine needle aspiration cytology , and the ultrasound diagnosis of thyroid no ←
→ meta - reinforcement learning of structured exploration strategies ; exploration is a fundamental challenge in reinforcement learning ( rl ). many of the current exploration methods for deep rl use task - agnostic objectives , such as information gain or bonuses based on state visitation . however , many practical applications of rl involve learning more than a single task , and prior tasks can be used to inform how exploration should be performed in new tasks . in this work , we explore how prior tasks can inform an a ←
→ the movie graph argument revisited ; in this paper , we reexamine the movie graph argument , which demonstrates a basic incompatibility between computationalism and materialism . we discover that the incompatibility is only manifest in singular classical - like universes . if we accept that we live in a multiverse , then the incompatibility goes away , but in that case another line of argument shows that with computationalism , the fundamental , or primitive materiality has no causal influence on what is observed , wh ←
→ image2mesh : a learning framework for single image 3d reconstruction ; one challenge that remains open in 3d deep learning is how to efficiently represent 3d data to feed deep networks . recent works have relied on volumetric or point cloud representations , but such approaches suffer from a number of issues such as computational complexity , unordered data , and lack of finer geometry . this paper demonstrates that a mesh representation ( i . e . vertices and faces to form polygonal surfaces ) is able to capture fine ←
→ active imitation learning via reduction to i . i . d . active learning ; in standard passive imitation learning , the goal is to learn a target policy by passively observing full execution trajectories of it . unfortunately , generating such trajectories can require substantial expert effort and be impractical in some cases . in this paper , we consider active imitation learning with the goal of reducing this effort by querying the expert about the desired action at individual states , which are selected based on answ ←
→ specifying non - markovian rewards in mdps using ldl on finite traces ( preliminary version ) ; in markov decision processes ( mdps ), the reward obtained in a state depends on the properties of the last state and action . this state dependency makes it difficult to reward more interesting long - term behaviors , such as always closing a door after it has been opened , or providing coffee only following a request . extending mdps to handle such non - markovian reward function was the subject of two previous lines of wo ←
→ multiplex lexical networks reveal patterns in early word acquisition in children ; network models of language have provided a way of linking cognitive processes to the structure and connectivity of language . however , one shortcoming of current approaches is focusing on only one type of linguistic relationship at a time , missing the complex multi - relational nature of language . in this work , we overcome this limitation by modelling the mental lexicon of english - speaking toddlers as a multiplex lexical netwo ←
→ mile : a multi - level framework for scalable graph embedding ; recently there has been a surge of interest in designing graph embedding methods . few , if any , can scale to a large - sized graph with millions of nodes due to both computational complexity and memory requirements . in this paper , we relax this limitation by introducing the multi - level embedding ( mile ) framework -- a generic methodology allowing contemporary graph embedding methods to scale to large graphs . mile repeatedly coarsens the graph into sma ←
→ a novel approach for effective learning in low resourced scenarios ; deep learning based discriminative methods , being the state - of - the - art machine learning techniques , are ill - suited for learning from lower amounts of data . in this paper , we propose a novel framework , called simultaneous two sample learning ( s2sl ), to effectively learn the class discriminative characteristics , even from very low amount of data . in s2sl , more than one sample ( here , two samples ) are simultaneously considered to both , train a ←
→ isointense infant brain segmentation with a hyper - dense connected convolutional neural network ; neonatal brain segmentation in magnetic resonance ( mr ) is a challenging problem due to poor image quality and low contrast between white and gray matter regions . most existing approaches for this problem are based on multi - atlas label fusion strategies , which are time - consuming and sensitive to registration errors . as alternative to these methods , we propose a hyper - densely connected 3d convolutional neural ne ←
→ deep predictive coding network for object recognition ; inspired by predictive coding in neuroscience , we designed a bi - directional and recurrent neural net , namely deep predictive coding networks ( pcn ). it uses convolutional layers in both feedforward and feedback networks , and recurrent connections within each layer . feedback connections from a higher layer carry the prediction of its lower - layer representation ; feedforward connections carry the prediction errors to its higher - layer . given image input , pc ←
→ expected exponential loss for gaze - based video and volume ground truth annotation ; many recent machine learning approaches used in medical imaging are highly reliant on large amounts of image and ground truth data . in the context of object segmentation , pixel - wise annotations are extremely expensive to collect , especially in video and 3d volumes . to reduce this annotation burden , we propose a novel framework to allow annotators to simply observe the object to segment and record where they have looked at ←
→ prolongation of smap to spatio - temporally seamless coverage of continental us using a deep learning neural network ; the soil moisture active passive ( smap ) mission has delivered valuable sensing of surface soil moisture since 2015 . however , it has a short time span and irregular revisit schedule . utilizing a state - of - the - art time - series deep learning neural network , long short - term memory ( lstm ), we created a system that predicts smap level - 3 soil moisture data with atmospheric forcing , model - simulated m ←
→ describing textures in the wild ; patterns and textures are defining characteristics of many natural objects : a shirt can be striped , the wings of a butterfly can be veined , and the skin of an animal can be scaly . aiming at supporting this analytical dimension in image understanding , we address the challenging problem of describing textures with semantic attributes . we identify a rich vocabulary of forty - seven texture terms and use them to describe a large dataset of patterns collected in the wild . the resul ←
→ hierarchical subquery evaluation for active learning on a graph ; to train good supervised and semi - supervised object classifiers , it is critical that we not waste the time of the human experts who are providing the training labels . existing active learning strategies can have uneven performance , being efficient on some datasets but wasteful on others , or inconsistent just between runs on the same dataset . we propose perplexity based graph construction and a new hierarchical subquery evaluation algorithm to ←
→ social planning for social hri ; making a computational agent ' social ' has implications for how it perceives itself and the environment in which it is situated , including the ability to recognise the behaviours of others . we point to recent work on social planning , i . e . planning in settings where the social context is relevant in the assessment of the beliefs and capabilities of others , and in making appropriate choices of what to do next .←
→ learning elm network weights using linear discriminant analysis ; we present an alternative to the pseudo - inverse method for determining the hidden to output weight values for extreme learning machines performing classification tasks . the method is based on linear discriminant analysis and provides bayes optimal single point estimates for the weight values .←
→ shampoo : preconditioned stochastic tensor optimization ; preconditioned gradient methods are among the most general and powerful tools in optimization . however , preconditioning requires storing and manipulating prohibitively large matrices . we describe and analyze a new structure - aware preconditioning algorithm , called shampoo , for stochastic optimization over tensor spaces . shampoo maintains a set of preconditioning matrices , each of which operates on a single dimension , contracting over the remaining dime ←
→ mixed membership word embeddings for computational social science ; word embeddings improve the performance of nlp systems by revealing the hidden structural relationships between words . despite their success in many applications , word embeddings have seen very little use in computational social science nlp tasks , presumably due to their reliance on big data , and to a lack of interpretability . i propose a probabilistic model - based word embedding method which can recover interpretable embeddings , without big ←
→ real - time automatic fetal brain extraction in fetal mri by deep learning ; brain segmentation is a fundamental first step in neuroimage analysis . in the case of fetal mri , it is particularly challenging and important due to the arbitrary orientation of the fetus , organs that surround the fetal head , and intermittent fetal motion . several promising methods have been proposed but are limited in their performance in challenging cases and in real - time segmentation . we aimed to develop a fully automatic segmenta ←
→ stochastic local search for pattern set mining ; local search methods can quickly find good quality solutions in cases where systematic search methods might take a large amount of time . moreover , in the context of pattern set mining , exhaustive search methods are not applicable due to the large search space they have to explore . in this paper , we propose the application of stochastic local search to solve the pattern set mining . specifically , to the task of concept learning . we applied a number of local sea ←
→ lcanet : end - to - end lipreading with cascaded attention - ctc ; machine lipreading is a special type of automatic speech recognition ( asr ) which transcribes human speech by visually interpreting the movement of related face regions including lips , face , and tongue . recently , deep neural network based lipreading methods show great potential and have exceeded the accuracy of experienced human lipreaders in some benchmark datasets . however , lipreading is still far from being solved , and existing methods tend to ha ←
→ hyperspectral band selection using genetic algorithm and support vector machines for early identification of charcoal rot disease in soybean ; charcoal rot is a fungal disease that thrives in warm dry conditions and affects the yield of soybeans and other important agronomic crops worldwide . there is a need for robust , automatic and consistent early detection and quantification of disease symptoms which are important in breeding programs for the development of improved cultivars and in crop production for ←
→ feature selection based on term frequency and t - test for text categorization ; much work has been done on feature selection . existing methods are based on document frequency , such as chi - square statistic , information gain etc . however , these methods have two shortcomings : one is that they are not reliable for low - frequency terms , and the other is that they only count whether one term occurs in a document and ignore the term frequency . actually , high - frequency terms within a specific category are often reg ←
→ towards more efficient spsd matrix approximation and cur matrix decomposition ; symmetric positive semi - definite ( spsd ) matrix approximation methods have been extensively used to speed up large - scale eigenvalue computation and kernel learning methods . the standard sketch based method , which we call the prototype model , produces relatively accurate approximations , but is inefficient on large square matrices . the nystr \" om method is highly efficient , but can only achieve low accuracy . in this paper we propo ←
→ back to basics : unsupervised learning of optical flow via brightness constancy and motion smoothness ; recently , convolutional networks ( convnets ) have proven useful for predicting optical flow . much of this success is predicated on the availability of large datasets that require expensive and involved data acquisition and laborious la - beling . to bypass these challenges , we propose an unsuper - vised approach ( i . e ., without leveraging groundtruth flow ) to train a convnet end - to - end for predicting optical ←
→ factored contextual policy search with bayesian optimization ; scarce data is a major challenge to scaling robot learning to truly complex tasks , as we need to generalize locally learned policies over different " contexts ". bayesian optimization approaches to contextual policy search ( cps ) offer data - efficient policy learning that generalize over a context space . we propose to improve data - efficiency by factoring typically considered contexts into two components : target - type contexts that correspond to a d ←
→ a connectionist network approach to find numerical solutions of diophantine equations ; the paper introduces a connectionist network approach to find numerical solutions of diophantine equations as an attempt to address the famous hilbert ' s tenth problem . the proposed methodology uses a three layer feed forward neural network with back propagation as sequential learning procedure to find numerical solutions of a class of diophantine equations . it uses a dynamically constructed network architecture where n ←
→ latitude : a model for mixed linear - tropical matrix factorization ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) is one of the most frequently - used matrix factorization models in data analysis . a significant reason to the popularity of nmf is its interpretability and the ` parts of whole ' interpretation of its components . recently , max - times , or subtropical , matrix factorization ( smf ) has been introduced as an alternative model with equally interpretable ` winner takes it all ' interpretation . in this paper we propos ←
→ urban morphology meets deep learning : exploring urban forms in one million cities , town and villages across the planet ; study of urban form is an important area of research in urban planning / design that contributes to our understanding of how cities function and evolve . however , classical approaches are based on very limited observations and inconsistent methods . as an alternative , availability of massive urban data collections such as open street map from the one hand and the recent advancements in mach ←
→ case base mining for adaptation knowledge acquisition ; in case - based reasoning , the adaptation of a source case in order to solve the target problem is at the same time crucial and difficult to implement . the reason for this difficulty is that , in general , adaptation strongly depends on domain - dependent knowledge . this fact motivates research on adaptation knowledge acquisition ( aka ). this paper presents an approach to aka based on the principles and techniques of knowledge discovery from databases and dat ←
→ intelligible artificial intelligence ; since artificial intelligence ( ai ) software uses techniques like deep lookahead search and stochastic optimization of huge neural networks to fit mammoth datasets , it often results in complex behavior that is difficult for people to understand . yet organizations are deploying ai algorithms in many mission - critical settings . in order to trust their behavior , we must make it intelligible --- either by using inherently interpretable models or by developing methods for exp ←
→ persistent clustering and a theorem of j . kleinberg ; we construct a framework for studying clustering algorithms , which includes two key ideas : persistence and functoriality . the first encodes the idea that the output of a clustering scheme should carry a multiresolution structure , the second the idea that one should be able to compare the results of clustering algorithms as one varies the data set , for example by adding points or by applying functions to it . we show that within this framework , one can pro ←
→ on the real - time vehicle placement problem ; motivated by ride - sharing platforms ' efforts to reduce their riders ' wait times for a vehicle , this paper introduces a novel problem of placing vehicles to fulfill real - time pickup requests in a spatially and temporally changing environment . the real - time nature of this problem makes it fundamentally different from other placement and scheduling problems , as it requires not only real - time placement decisions but also handling real - time request dynamics , which are ←
→ application of rényi and tsallis entropies to topic modeling optimization ; this is full length article ( draft version ) where problem number of topics in topic modeling is discussed . we proposed idea that renyi and tsallis entropy can be used for identification of optimal number in large textual collections . we also report results of numerical experiments of semantic stability for 4 topic models , which shows that semantic stability play very important role in problem topic number . the calculation of renyi ←
→ frame - recurrent video super - resolution ; recent advances in video super - resolution have shown that convolutional neural networks combined with motion compensation are able to merge information from multiple low - resolution ( lr ) frames to generate high - quality images . current state - of - the - art methods process a batch of lr frames to generate a single high - resolution ( hr ) frame and run this scheme in a sliding window fashion over the entire video , effectively treating the problem as a large number of separate m ←
→ discriminative local sparse representations for robust face recognition ; a key recent advance in face recognition models a test face image as a sparse linear combination of a set of training face images . the resulting sparse representations have been shown to possess robustness against a variety of distortions like random pixel corruption , occlusion and disguise . this approach however makes the restrictive ( in many scenarios ) assumption that test faces must be perfectly aligned ( or registered ) to the train ←
→ understanding deep neural networks with rectified linear units ; in this paper we investigate the family of functions representable by deep neural networks ( dnn ) with rectified linear units ( relu ). we give an algorithm to train a relu dnn with one hidden layer to * global optimality * with runtime polynomial in the data size albeit exponential in the input dimension . further , we improve on the known lower bounds on size ( from exponential to super exponential ) for approximating a relu deep net function by a sh ←
→ quantifying and visualizing attribute interactions ; interactions are patterns between several attributes in data that cannot be inferred from any subset of these attributes . while mutual information is a well - established approach to evaluating the interactions between two attributes , we surveyed its generalizations as to quantify interactions between several attributes . we have chosen mcgill ' s interaction information , which has been independently rediscovered a number of times under various names in variou ←
→ unifying count - based exploration and intrinsic motivation ; we consider an agent ' s uncertainty about its environment and the problem of generalizing this uncertainty across observations . specifically , we focus on the problem of exploration in non - tabular reinforcement learning . drawing inspiration from the intrinsic motivation literature , we use density models to measure uncertainty , and propose a novel algorithm for deriving a pseudo - count from an arbitrary density model . this technique enables us to gener ←
→ rasch - based high - dimensionality data reduction and class prediction with applications to microarray gene expression data ; class prediction is an important application of microarray gene expression data analysis . the high - dimensionality of microarray data , where number of genes ( variables ) is very large compared to the number of samples ( obser - vations ), makes the application of many prediction techniques ( e . g ., logistic regression , discriminant analysis ) difficult . an efficient way to solve this prob - le ←
→ ensembles of protein molecules as statistical analog computers ; a class of analog computers built from large numbers of microscopic probabilistic machines is discussed . it is postulated that such computers are implemented in biological systems as ensembles of protein molecules . the formalism is based on an abstract computational model referred to as protein molecule machine ( pmm ). a pmm is a continuous - time first - order markov system with real input and output vectors , a finite set of discrete states , and t ←
→ solutions of quadratic first - order odes applied to computer vision problems ; the article proves the existence of a maximum of two possible solutions to the initial value problem composed by the planar - perspective equation and an initial condition . this initial value problem has a geometric interpretation . solutions are curves than pass trough the initial condition which is a point of the plane .←
→ on lower and upper bounds for smooth and strongly convex optimization problems ; we develop a novel framework to study smooth and strongly convex optimization algorithms , both deterministic and stochastic . focusing on quadratic functions we are able to examine optimization algorithms as a recursive application of linear operators . this , in turn , reveals a powerful connection between a class of optimization algorithms and the analytic theory of polynomials whereby new lower and upper bounds are derived . wh ←
→ integrated inference and learning of neural factors in structural support vector machines ; tackling pattern recognition problems in areas such as computer vision , bioinformatics , speech or text recognition is often done best by taking into account task - specific statistical relations between output variables . in structured prediction , this internal structure is used to predict multiple outputs simultaneously , leading to more accurate and coherent predictions . structural support vector machines ( ssvms ) are ←
→ micro - objective learning : accelerating deep reinforcement learning through the discovery of continuous subgoals ; recently , reinforcement learning has been successfully applied to the logical game of go , various atari games , and even a 3d game , labyrinth , though it continues to have problems in sparse reward settings . it is difficult to explore , but also difficult to exploit , a small number of successes when learning policy . to solve this issue , the subgoal and option framework have been proposed . howeve ←
→ stochastic quasi - newton with adaptive step lengths for large - scale problems ; we provide a numerically robust and fast method capable of exploiting the local geometry when solving large - scale stochastic optimisation problems . our key innovation is an auxiliary variable construction coupled with an inverse hessian approximation computed using a receding history of iterates and gradients . it is the markov chain nature of the classic stochastic gradient algorithm that enables this development . the constructi ←
→ model - based multiple instance learning ; while multiple instance ( mi ) data are point patterns -- sets or multi - sets of unordered points -- appropriate statistical point pattern models have not been used in mi learning . this article proposes a framework for model - based mi learning using point process theory . likelihood functions for point pattern data derived from point process theory enable principled yet conceptually transparent extensions of learning tasks , such as classification , novelty detection and cl ←
→ long text generation via adversarial training with leaked information ; automatically generating coherent and semantically meaningful text has many applications in machine translation , dialogue systems , image captioning , etc . recently , by combining with policy gradient , generative adversarial nets ( gan ) that use a discriminative model to guide the training of the generative model as a reinforcement learning policy has shown promising results in text generation . however , the scalar guiding signal is only ava ←
→ where do goals come from ? a generic approach to autonomous goal - system development ; goals express agents ' intentions and allow them to organize their behavior based on low - dimensional abstractions of high - dimensional world states . how can agents develop such goals autonomously ? this paper proposes a detailed conceptual and computational account to this longstanding problem . we argue to consider goals as high - level abstractions of lower - level intention mechanisms such as rewards and values , and point out ←
→ generating decision structures and causal explanations for decision making ; this paper examines two related problems that are central to developing an autonomous decision - making agent , such as a robot . both problems require generating structured representafions from a database of unstructured declarative knowledge that includes many facts and rules that are irrelevant in the problem context . the first problem is how to generate a well structured decision problem from such a database . the second problem i ←
→ learning molecular energies using localized graph kernels ; recent machine learning methods make it possible to model potential energy of atomic configurations with chemical - level accuracy ( as calculated from ab - initio calculations ) and at speeds suitable for molecular dynam - ics simulation . best performance is achieved when the known physical constraints are encoded in the machine learning models . for example , the atomic energy is invariant under global translations and rotations , it is also invariant to p ←
→ batch kalman normalization : towards training deep neural networks with micro - batches ; as an indispensable component , batch normalization ( bn ) has successfully improved the training of deep neural networks ( dnns ) with mini - batches , by normalizing the distribution of the internal representation for each hidden layer . however , the effectiveness of bn would diminish with scenario of micro - batch ( e . g ., less than 10 samples in a mini - batch ), since the estimated statistics in a mini - batch are not reliable with ←
→ performance analysis of cone detection algorithms ; many algorithms have been proposed to help clinicians evaluate cone density and spacing , as these may be related to the onset of retinal diseases . however , there has been no rigorous comparison of the performance of these algorithms . in addition , the performance of such algorithms is typically determined by comparison with human observers . here we propose a technique to simulate realistic images of the cone mosaic . we use the simulated images to test the p ←
→ image compression based on compressive sensing : end - to - end comparison with jpeg ; we present an end - to - end image compression system based on compressive sensing . the presented system integrates the conventional scheme of compressive sampling and reconstruction with quantization and entropy coding . the compression performance , in terms of decoded image quality versus data rate , is shown to be comparable with jpeg and significantly better at the low rate range . we study the parameters that influence the sys ←
→ no need to worry about adversarial examples in object detection in autonomous vehicles ; it has been shown that most machine learning algorithms are susceptible to adversarial perturbations . slightly perturbing an image in a carefully chosen direction in the image space may cause a trained neural network model to misclassify it . recently , it was shown that physical adversarial examples exist : printing perturbed images then taking pictures of them would still result in misclassification . this raises securi ←
→ wikipedia - based semantic interpretation for natural language processing ; adequate representation of natural language semantics requires access to vast amounts of common sense and domain - specific world knowledge . prior work in the field was based on purely statistical techniques that did not make use of background knowledge , on limited lexicographic knowledge bases such as wordnet , or on huge manual efforts such as the cyc project . here we propose a novel method , called explicit semantic analysis ( esa ), for ←
→ deep learning from crowds ; over the last few years , deep learning has revolutionized the field of machine learning by dramatically improving the state - of - the - art in various domains . however , as the size of supervised artificial neural networks grows , typically so does the need for larger labeled datasets . recently , crowdsourcing has established itself as an efficient and cost - effective solution for labeling large sets of data in a scalable manner , but it often requires aggregating labels from multiple nois ←
→ on the computational complexity of high - dimensional bayesian variable selection ; we study the computational complexity of markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) methods for high - dimensional bayesian linear regression under sparsity constraints . we first show that a bayesian approach can achieve variable - selection consistency under relatively mild conditions on the design matrix . we then demonstrate that the statistical criterion of posterior concentration need not imply the computational desideratum of rapid mi ←
→ considerations and results in multimedia and dvb application development on philips nexperia platform ; this paper presents some experiments regarding applications development on high performance media processors included in philips nexperia family . the pnx1302 dedicated dvb - t kit used has some limitations . our work has succeeded to overcome these limitations and to make possible a general - purpose use of this kit . for exemplification two typical applications , important both for multimedia and dvb , are ana ←
→ large - scale automatic labeling of video events with verbs based on event - participant interaction ; we present an approach to labeling short video clips with english verbs as event descriptions . a key distinguishing aspect of this work is that it labels videos with verbs that describe the spatiotemporal interaction between event participants , humans and objects interacting with each other , abstracting away all object - class information and fine - grained image characteristics , and relying solely on the coarse ←
→ dfacto : distributed factorization of tensors ; we present a technique for significantly speeding up alternating least squares ( als ) and gradient descent ( gd ), two widely used algorithms for tensor factorization . by exploiting properties of the khatri - rao product , we show how to efficiently address a computationally challenging sub - step of both algorithms . our algorithm , dfacto , only requires two sparse matrix - vector products and is easy to parallelize . dfacto is not only scalable but also on average 4 to 10 ←
→ lifelong learning for sentiment classification ; this paper proposes a novel lifelong learning ( ll ) approach to sentiment classification . ll mimics the human continuous learning process , i . e ., retaining the knowledge learned from past tasks and use it to help future learning . in this paper , we first discuss ll in general and then ll for sentiment classification in particular . the proposed ll approach adopts a bayesian optimization framework based on stochastic gradient descent . our experimental results show ←
→ on the impact of topological properties of smart grids in power losses optimization problems ; power losses reduction is one of the main targets for any electrical energy distribution company . in this paper , we face the problem of joint optimization of both topology and network parameters in a real smart grid . we consider a portion of the italian electric distribution network managed by the acea distribuzione s . p . a . located in rome . we perform both the power factor correction ( pfc ) for tuning the generato ←
→ reinforcement learning based on active learning method ; in this paper , a new reinforcement learning approach is proposed which is based on a powerful concept named active learning method ( alm ) in modeling . alm expresses any multi - input - single - output system as a fuzzy combination of some single - input - singleoutput systems . the proposed method is an actor - critic system similar to generalized approximate reasoning based intelligent control ( garic ) structure to adapt the alm by delayed reinforcement signals . ou ←
→ efficient decision trees for multi - class support vector machines using entropy and generalization error estimation ; we propose new methods for support vector machines ( svms ) using tree architecture for multi - class classi - fication . in each node of the tree , we select an appropriate binary classifier using entropy and generalization error estimation , then group the examples into positive and negative classes based on the selected classi - fier and train a new classifier for use in the classification phase .←
→ dissimilarity - based representation for radiomics applications ; radiomics is a term which refers to the analysis of the large amount of quantitative tumor features extracted from medical images to find useful predictive , diagnostic or prognostic information . many recent studies have proved that radiomics can offer a lot of useful information that physicians cannot extract from the medical images and can be associated with other information like gene or protein data . however , most of the classification studi ←
→" translation can ' t change a name ": using multilingual data for named entity recognition ; named entities ( nes ) are often written with no orthographic changes across different languages that share a common alphabet . we show that this can be leveraged so as to improve named entity recognition ( ner ) by using unsupervised word clusters from secondary languages as features in state - of - the - art discriminative ner systems . we observe significant increases in performance , finding that person and location identific ←
→ a branch - and - bound algorithm for checkerboard extraction in camera - laser calibration ; we address the problem of camera - to - laser - scanner calibration using a checkerboard and multiple image - laser scan pairs . distinguishing which laser points measure the checkerboard and which lie on the background is essential to any such system . we formulate the checkerboard extraction as a combinatorial optimization problem with a clear cut objective function . we propose a branch - and - bound technique that deterministicall ←
→ augmenting librispeech with french translations : a multimodal corpus for direct speech translation evaluation ; recent works in spoken language translation ( slt ) have attempted to build end - to - end speech - to - text translation without using source language transcription during learning or decoding . however , while large quantities of parallel texts ( such as europarl , opensubtitles ) are available for training machine translation systems , there are no large ( 100h ) and open source parallel corpora that include s ←
→ guided macro - mutation in a graded energy based genetic algorithm for protein structure prediction ; protein structure prediction is considered as one of the most challenging and computationally intractable combinatorial problem . thus , the efficient modeling of convoluted search space , the clever use of energy functions , and more importantly , the use of effective sampling algorithms become crucial to address this problem . for protein structure modeling , an off - lattice model provides limited scopes to exerc ←
→ deep learning for end - to - end automatic target recognition from synthetic aperture radar imagery ; the standard architecture of synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) automatic target recognition ( atr ) consists of three stages : detection , discrimination , and classification . in recent years , convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for sar atr have been proposed , but most of them classify target classes from a target chip extracted from sar imagery , as a classification for the third stage of sar atr . in this report , we ←
→ optimization methods for sparse pseudo - likelihood graphical model selection ; sparse high dimensional graphical model selection is a popular topic in contemporary machine learning . to this end , various useful approaches have been proposed in the context of $\ ell_1 $- penalized estimation in the gaussian framework . though many of these inverse covariance estimation approaches are demonstrably scalable and have leveraged recent advances in convex optimization , they still depend on the gaussian functional form ←
→ successive ray refinement and its application to coordinate descent for lasso ; coordinate descent is one of the most popular approaches for solving lasso and its extensions due to its simplicity and efficiency . when applying coordinate descent to solving lasso , we update one coordinate at a time while fixing the remaining coordinates . such an update , which is usually easy to compute , greedily decreases the objective function value . in this paper , we aim to improve its computational efficiency by reducing ←
→ texture synthesis with spatial generative adversarial networks ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) are a recent approach to train generative models of data , which have been shown to work particularly well on image data . in the current paper we introduce a new model for texture synthesis based on gan learning . by extending the input noise distribution space from a single vector to a whole spatial tensor , we create an architecture with properties well suited to the task of texture synthesis , which we cal ←
→ automatic objects removal for scene completion ; with the explosive growth of web - based cameras and mobile devices , billions of photographs are uploaded to the internet . we can trivially collect a huge number of photo streams for various goals , such as 3d scene reconstruction and other big data applications . however , this is not an easy task due to the fact the retrieved photos are neither aligned nor calibrated . furthermore , with the occlusion of unexpected foreground objects like people , vehicles , it is e ←
→ computational approach to the emergence and evolution of language - evolutionary naming game model ; computational modelling with multi - agent systems is becoming an important technique of studying language evolution . we present a brief introduction into this rapidly developing field , as well as our own contributions that include an analysis of the evolutionary naming - game model . in this model communicating agents , that try to establish a common vocabulary , are equipped with an evolutionarily selected lear ←
→ on graduated optimization for stochastic non - convex problems ; the graduated optimization approach , also known as the continuation method , is a popular heuristic to solving non - convex problems that has received renewed interest over the last decade . despite its popularity , very little is known in terms of theoretical convergence analysis . in this paper we describe a new first - order algorithm based on graduated optimiza - tion and analyze its performance . we characterize a parameterized family of non - convex ←
→ ballpark learning : estimating labels from rough group comparisons ; we are interested in estimating individual labels given only coarse , aggregated signal over the data points . in our setting , we receive sets (" bags ") of unlabeled instances with constraints on label proportions . we relax the unrealistic assumption of known label proportions , made in previous work ; instead , we assume only to have upper and lower bounds , and constraints on bag differences . we motivate the problem , propose an intuitive formula ←
→ scale adaptive clustering of multiple structures ; we propose the segmentation of noisy datasets into multiple inlier structures with a new robust estimator ( misre ). the scale of each individual structure is estimated adaptively from the input data and refined by mean shift , without tuning any parameter in the process , or manually specifying thresholds for different estimation problems . once all the data points were classified into separate structures , these structures are sorted by their densities with the ←
→ deep sets ; in this paper , we study the problem of designing objective functions for machine learning problems defined on finite \ emph { sets }. in contrast to traditional objective functions defined for machine learning problems operating on finite dimensional vectors , the new objective functions we propose are operating on finite sets and are invariant to permutations . such problems are widespread , ranging from estimation of population statistics \ citep { poczos13aistats }, via anomaly detection in piezometer d ←
→ unsupervised state representation learning with robotic priors : a robustness benchmark ; our understanding of the world depends highly on our capacity to produce intuitive and simplified representations which can be easily used to solve problems . we reproduce this simplification process using a neural network to build a low dimensional state representation of the world from images acquired by a robot . as in jonschkowski et al . 2015 , we learn in an unsupervised way using prior knowledge about the world as ←
→ quasi - monte carlo feature maps for shift - invariant kernels ; we consider the problem of improving the efficiency of randomized fourier feature maps to accelerate training and testing speed of kernel methods on large datasets . these approximate feature maps arise as monte carlo approximations to integral representations of shift - invariant kernel functions ( e . g ., gaussian kernel ). in this paper , we propose to use quasi - monte carlo ( qmc ) approximations instead , where the relevant integrands are evaluated on a ←
→ sleep analytics and online selective anomaly detection ; we introduce a new problem , the online selective anomaly detection ( osad ), to model a specific scenario emerging from research in sleep science . scientists have segmented sleep into several stages and stage two is characterized by two patterns ( or anomalies ) in the eeg time series recorded on sleep subjects . these two patterns are sleep spindle ( ss ) and k - complex . the osad problem was introduced to design a residual system , where all anomalies ( known ←
→ applying the wizard - of - oz technique to multimodal human - robot dialogue ; our overall program objective is to provide more natural ways for soldiers to interact and communicate with robots , much like how soldiers communicate with other soldiers today . we describe how the wizard - of - oz ( woz ) method can be applied to multimodal human - robot dialogue in a collaborative exploration task . while the woz method can help design robot behaviors , traditional approaches place the burden of decisions on a single wizard . i ←
→ modelling contextuality by probabilistic programs with hypergraph semantics ; models of a phenomenon are often developed by examining it under different experimental conditions , or measurement contexts . the resultant probabilistic models assume that the underlying random variables , which define a measurable set of outcomes , can be defined independent of the measurement context . the phenomenon is deemed contextual when this assumption fails . contextuality is an important issue in quantum physics . however , ←
→ supra : open source software defined ultrasound processing for real - time applications ; research in ultrasound imaging is limited in reproducibility by two factors : first , many existing ultrasound pipelines are protected by intellectual property , rendering exchange of code difficult . second , most pipelines are implemented in special hardware , resulting in limited flexibility of implemented processing steps on such platforms . methods : with supra we propose an open - source pipeline for fully software define ←
→ multi - point vibration measurement for mode identification of bridge structures using video - based motion magnification ; image - based vibration mode identification gained increased attentions in civil and construction communities . a recent video - based motion magnification method was developed to measure and visualize small structure motions . this new approach presents a potential for low - cost vibration measurement and mode shape identification . pilot studies using this approach on simple rigid body structur ←
→ improved knowledge base completion by path - augmented transr model ; knowledge base completion aims to infer new relations from existing information . in this paper , we propose path - augmented transr ( ptransr ) model to improve the accuracy of link prediction . in our approach , we base ptransr model on transr , which is the best one - hop model at present . then we regularize transr with information of relation paths . in our experiment , we evaluate ptransr on the task of entity prediction . experimental results show ←
→ privacy - preserving adversarial networks ; we propose a data - driven framework for optimizing privacy - preserving data release mechanisms toward the information - theoretically optimal tradeoff between minimizing distortion of useful data and concealing sensitive information . our approach employs adversarially - trained neural networks to implement randomized mechanisms and to perform a variational approximation of mutual information privacy . we empirically validate our privacy - preserving adversarial networks ( ppa ←
→ on the practically interesting instances of maxcut ; the complexity of a computational problem is traditionally quantified based on the hardness of its worst case . this approach has many advantages and has led to a deep and beautiful theory . however , from the practical perspective , this leaves much to be desired . in application areas , practically interesting instances very often occupy just a tiny part of an algorithm ' s space of instances , and the vast majority of instances are simply irrelevant . addressing ←
→ from data to the p - adic or ultrametric model ; we model anomaly and change in data by embedding the data in an ultrametric space . taking our initial data as cross - tabulation counts ( or other input data formats ), correspondence analysis allows us to endow the information space with a euclidean metric . we then model anomaly or change by an induced ultrametric . the induced ultrametric that we are particularly interested in takes a sequential - e . g . temporal - ordering of the data into account . we apply this wo ←
→ mitigating evasion attacks to deep neural networks via region - based classification ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have transformed several artificial intelligence research areas including computer vision , speech recognition , and natural language processing . however , recent studies demonstrated that dnns are vulnerable to adversarial manipulations at testing time . specifically , suppose we have a testing example , whose label can be correctly predicted by a dnn classifier . an attacker can add a small carefull ←
→ benchmark of structured machine learning methods for microbial identification from mass - spectrometry data ; microbial identification is a central issue in microbiology , in particular in the fields of infectious diseases diagnosis and industrial quality control . the concept of species is tightly linked to the concept of biological and clinical classification where the proximity between species is generally measured in terms of evolutionary distances and / or clinical phenotypes . surprisingly , the information ←
→ defect detection for patterned fabric images based on ghog and low - rank decomposition ; in order to accurately detect defects in patterned fabric images , a novel detection algorithm based on gabor - hog ( ghog ) and low - rank decomposition is proposed in this paper . defect - free pattern fabric images have the specified direction , while defects damage their regularity of direction . therefore , a direction - aware descriptor is designed , denoted as ghog , a combination of gabor and hog , which is extremely valuable fo ←
→ a survey paper on recommender systems ; recommender systems apply data mining techniques and prediction algorithms to predict users ' interest on information , products and services among the tremendous amount of available items . the vast growth of information on the internet as well as number of visitors to websites add some key challenges to recommender systems . these are : producing accurate recommendation , handling many recommendations efficiently and coping with the vast growth of number of participants i ←
→ sentiment analysis by using fuzzy logic ; how could a product or service is reasonably evaluated by anyone in the shortest time ? a million dollar question but it is having a simple answer : sentiment analysis . sentiment analysis is consumers review on products and services which helps both the producers and consumers ( stakeholders ) to take effective and efficient decision within a shortest period of time . producers can have better knowledge of their products and services through the sentiment analysis ( ex . p ←
→ bandits with switching costs : t ^{ 2 / 3 } regret ; we study the adversarial multi - armed bandit problem in a setting where the player incurs a unit cost each time he switches actions . we prove that the player ' s $ t $- round minimax regret in this setting is $\ widetilde {\ theta }( t ^{ 2 / 3 })$, thereby closing a fundamental gap in our understanding of learning with bandit feedback . in the corresponding full - information version of the problem , the minimax regret is known to grow at a much slower rate of $\ theta (\ sqrt { t })$.←
→ convergence rate of frank - wolfe for non - convex objectives ; we give a simple proof that the frank - wolfe algorithm obtains a stationary point at a rate of $ o ( 1 /\ sqrt { t })$ on non - convex objectives with a lipschitz continuous gradient . our analysis is affine invariant and is the first , to the best of our knowledge , giving a similar rate to what was already proven for projected gradient methods ( though on slightly different measures of stationarity ).←
→ a dataset and exploration of models for understanding video data through fill - in - the - blank question - answering ; while deep convolutional neural networks frequently approach or exceed human - level performance at benchmark tasks involving static images , extending this success to moving images is not straightforward . having models which can learn to understand video is of interest for many applications , including content recommendation , prediction , summarization , event / object detection and understanding human ←
→ differential invariants under gamma correction ; this paper presents invariants under gamma correction and similarity transformations . the invariants are local features based on differentials which are implemented using derivatives of the gaussian . the use of the proposed invariant representation is shown to yield improved correlation results in a template matching scenario .←
→ active decision boundary annotation with deep generative models ; this paper is on active learning where the goal is to reduce the data annotation burden by interacting with a ( human ) oracle during training . standard active learning methods ask the oracle to annotate data samples . instead , we take a profoundly different approach : we ask for annotations of the decision boundary . we achieve this using a deep generative model to create novel instances along a 1d line . a point on the decision boundary is reveal ←
→ natural language does not emerge ' naturally ' in multi - agent dialog ; a number of recent works have proposed techniques for end - to - end learning of communication protocols among cooperative multi - agent populations , and have simultaneously found the emergence of grounded human - interpretable language in the protocols developed by the agents , all learned without any human supervision ! in this paper , using a task and tell reference game between two agents as a testbed , we present a sequence of ' negative ' result ←
→ simulating spiking neural p systems without delays using gpus ; we present in this paper our work regarding simulating a type of p system known as a spiking neural p system ( snp system ) using graphics processing units ( gpus ). gpus , because of their architectural optimization for parallel computations , are well - suited for highly parallelizable problems . due to the advent of general purpose gpu computing in recent years , gpus are not limited to graphics and video processing alone , but include computationally ←
→ personalized human activity recognition using convolutional neural networks ; a major barrier to the personalized human activity recognition using wearable sensors is that the performance of the recognition model drops significantly upon adoption of the system by new users or changes in physical / behavioral status of users . therefore , the model needs to be retrained by collecting new labeled data in the new context . in this study , we develop a transfer learning framework using convolutional neural network ←
→ mechanisms for automated negotiation in state oriented domains ; this paper lays part of the groundwork for a domain theory of negotiation , that is , a way of classifying interactions so that it is clear , given a domain , which negotiation mechanisms and strategies are appropriate . we define state oriented domains , a general category of interaction . necessary and sufficient conditions for cooperation are outlined . we use the notion of worth in an altered definition of utility , thus enabling agreements in a wi ←
→ low - rank and sparse soft targets to learn better dnn acoustic models ; conventional deep neural networks ( dnn ) for speech acoustic modeling rely on gaussian mixture models ( gmm ) and hidden markov model ( hmm ) to obtain binary class labels as the targets for dnn training . subword classes in speech recognition systems correspond to context - dependent tied states or senones . the present work addresses some limitations of gmm - hmm senone alignments for dnn training . we hypothesize that the senone probabilities obt ←
→ a general non - probabilistic theory of inductive reasoning ; probability theory , epistemically interpreted , provides an excellent , if not the best available account of inductive reasoning . this is so because there are general and definite rules for the change of subjective probabilities through information or experience ; induction and belief change are one and same topic , after all . the most basic of these rules is simply to conditionalize with respect to the information received ; and there are similar and m ←
→ improve lexicon - based word embeddings by word sense disambiguation ; there have been some works that learn a lexicon together with the corpus to improve the word embeddings . however , they either model the lexicon separately but update the neural networks for both the corpus and the lexicon by the same likelihood , or minimize the distance between all of the synonym pairs in the lexicon . such methods do not consider the relatedness and difference of the corpus and the lexicon , and may not be the best optimize ←
→ evaluation of croatian word embeddings ; croatian is poorly resourced and highly inflected language from slavic language family . nowadays , research is focusing mostly on english . we created a new word analogy corpus based on the original english word2vec word analogy corpus and added some of the specific linguistic aspects from croatian language . next , we created croatian wordsim353 and rg65 corpora for a basic evaluation of word similarities . we compared created corpora on two popular word representation m ←
→ particle approximations of the score and observed information matrix for parameter estimation in state space models with linear computational cost ; poyiadjis et al . ( 2011 ) show how particle methods can be used to estimate both the score and the observed information matrix for state space models . these methods either suffer from a computational cost that is quadratic in the number of particles , or produce estimates whose variance increases quadratically with the amount of data . this paper introduces an al ←
→ sequential clustering based facial feature extraction method for automatic creation of facial models from orthogonal views ; multiview 3d face modeling has attracted increasing attention recently and has become one of the potential avenues in future video systems . we aim to make more reliable and robust automatic feature extraction and natural 3d feature construction from 2d features detected on a pair of frontal and profile view face images . we propose several heuristic algorithms to minimize possible er ←
→ simple embedding for link prediction in knowledge graphs ; the aim of knowledge graphs is to gather knowledge about the world and provide a structured representation of this knowledge . current knowledge graphs are far from complete . to address the incompleteness of the knowledge graphs , link prediction approaches have been developed which make probabilistic predictions about new links in a knowledge graph given the existing links . tensor factorization approaches have proven promising for such link predictio ←
→ multibiometric secure system based on deep learning ; in this paper , we propose a secure multibiometric system that uses deep neural networks and error - correction coding . we present a feature - level fusion framework to generate a secure multibiometric template from each user ' s multiple biometrics . two fusion architectures , fully connected architecture and bilinear architecture , are implemented to develop a robust multibiometric shared representation . the shared representation is used to generate a cancelable ←
→ combating adversarial attacks using sparse representations ; it is by now well - known that small adversarial perturbations can induce classification errors in deep neural networks ( dnns ). in this paper , we make the case that sparse representations of the input data are a crucial tool for combating such attacks . for linear classifiers , we show that a sparsifying front end is provably effective against $\ ell_ {\ infty }$- bounded attacks , reducing output distortion due to the attack by a factor of roughly $ k / n $ ←
→ mcscript : a novel dataset for assessing machine comprehension using script knowledge ; we introduce a large dataset of narrative texts and questions about these texts , intended to be used in a machine comprehension task that requires reasoning using commonsense knowledge . our dataset complements similar datasets in that we focus on stories about everyday activities , such as going to the movies or working in the garden , and that the questions require commonsense knowledge , or more specifically , script know ←
→ towards scene understanding with detailed 3d object representations ; current approaches to semantic image and scene understanding typically employ rather simple object representations such as 2d or 3d bounding boxes . while such coarse models are robust and allow for reliable object detection , they discard much of the information about objects ' 3d shape and pose , and thus do not lend themselves well to higher - level reasoning . here , we propose to base scene understanding on a high - resolution object represent ←
→ finite sample analysis of two - timescale stochastic approximation with applications to reinforcement learning ; two - timescale stochastic approximation ( sa ) algorithms are widely used in reinforcement learning ( rl ). their iterates have two parts that are updated using distinct stepsizes . in this work , we develop a novel recipe for their finite sample analysis . using this , we provide a concentration bound , which is the first such result for a two - timescale sa . the type of bound we obtain is known as " lock - in ←
→ towards a framework for observing artificial evolutionary systems ; establishing the emergence of evolutionary behavior as a defining characteristic of ' life ' is a major step in the artificial life ( alife ) studies . we present here an abstract formal framework for this aim based upon the notion of high - level observations made on the alife model at hand during its simulations . an observation process is defined as a computable transformation from the underlying dynamic structure of the model universe to a tupl ←
→ unsupervised activity discovery and characterization from event - streams ; we present a framework to discover and characterize different classes of everyday activities from event - streams . we begin by representing activities as bags of event n - grams . this allows us to analyze the global structural information of activities , using their local event statistics . we demonstrate how maximal cliques in an undirected edge - weighted graph of activities , can be used for activity - class discovery in an unsupervised manne ←
→ two - parameter model of word length " language - genre " ; a two - parameter model of word length measured by the number of syllables comprising it is proposed . the first parameter is dependent on language type , the second one - on text genre and reflects the degree of completion of synergetic processes of language optimization .←
→ decoding visemes : improving machine lipreading ( phd thesis ) ; machine lipreading ( mlr ) is speech recognition from visual cues and a niche research problem in speech processing & computer vision . current challenges fall into two groups : the content of the video , such as rate of speech or ; the parameters of the video recording e . g , video resolution . we show that hd video is not needed to successfully lipread with a computer . the term " viseme " is used in machine lipreading to represent a visual cue or gesture ←
→ proceedings of the first international workshop on deep learning and music ; proceedings of the first international workshop on deep learning and music , joint with ijcnn , anchorage , us , may 17 - 18 , 2017 ←
→ the incremental multiresolution matrix factorization algorithm ; multiresolution analysis and matrix factorization are foundational tools in computer vision . in this work , we study the interface between these two distinct topics and obtain techniques to uncover hierarchical block structure in symmetric matrices -- an important aspect in the success of many vision problems . our new algorithm , the incremental multiresolution matrix factorization , uncovers such structure one feature at a time , and hence scales ←
→ smooth neighbors on teacher graphs for semi - supervised learning ; the paper proposes an inductive semi - supervised learning method , called smooth neighbors on teacher graphs ( sntg ). at each iteration during training , a graph is dynamically constructed based on predictions of the teacher model , i . e ., the implicit self - ensemble of models . then the graph serves as a similarity measure with respect to which the representations of " similar " neighboring points are learned to be smooth on the low dimensional manifo ←
→ can a computer laugh ? ; a computer model of " a sense of humour " suggested previously [ arxiv : 0711 . 2058 , 0711 . 2061 ], relating the humorous effect with a specific malfunction in information processing , is given in somewhat different exposition . psychological aspects of humour are elaborated more thoroughly . the mechanism of laughter is formulated on the more general level . detailed discussion is presented for the higher levels of information processing , which are responsible for a perception of complex samples ←
→ markov equivalence classes for maximal ancestral graphs ; ancestral graphs are a class of graphs that encode conditional independence relations arising in dag models with latent and selection variables , corresponding to marginalization and conditioning . however , for any ancestral graph , there may be several other graphs to which it is markov equivalent . we introduce a simple representation of a markov equivalence class of ancestral graphs , thereby facilitating model search . \ more specifically , we define a ←
→ color constancy with derivative colors ; information about the illuminant color is well contained in both achromatic regions and the specular components of highlight regions . in this paper , we propose a novel way to achieve color constancy by exploiting such clues . the key to our approach lies in the use of suitably extracted derivative colors , which are able to compute the illuminant color robustly with kernel density estimation . while extracting derivative colors from achromatic regions to approximate the ←
→ online stroke and akshara recognition gui in assamese language using hidden markov model ; the work describes the development of online assamese stroke & akshara recognizer based on a set of language rules . in handwriting literature strokes are composed of two coordinate trace in between pen down and pen up labels . the assamese aksharas are combination of a number of strokes , the maximum number of strokes taken to make a combination being eight . based on these combinations eight language rule models have ←
→ instance - aware image and sentence matching with selective multimodal lstm ; effective image and sentence matching depends on how to well measure their global visual - semantic similarity . based on the observation that such a global similarity arises from a complex aggregation of multiple local similarities between pairwise instances of image ( objects ) and sentence ( words ), we propose a selective multimodal long short - term memory network ( sm - lstm ) for instance - aware image and sentence matching . the sm - lstm i ←
→ piecewise - linear approximation for feature subset selection in a sequential logit model ; this paper concerns a method of selecting a subset of features for a sequential logit model . tanaka and nakagawa ( 2014 ) proposed a mixed integer quadratic optimization formulation for solving the problem based on a quadratic approximation of the logistic loss function . however , since there is a significant gap between the logistic loss function and its quadratic approximation , their formulation may fail to find a goo ←
→ wahrsis : a low - cost , high - resolution whole sky imager with near - infrared capabilities ; cloud imaging using ground - based whole sky imagers is essential for a fine - grained understanding of the effects of cloud formations , which can be useful in many applications . some such imagers are available commercially , but their cost is relatively high , and their flexibility is limited . therefore , we built a new daytime whole sky imager ( wsi ) called wide angle high - resolution sky imaging system . the strengths of our ←
→ the connectivity of nk landscapes ' basins : a network analysis ; we propose a network characterization of combinatorial fitness landscapes by adapting the notion of inherent networks proposed for energy surfaces . we use the well - known family of nk landscapes as an example . in our case the inherent network is the graph where the vertices represent the local maxima in the landscape , and the edges account for the transition probabilities between their corresponding basins of attraction . we exhaustively extracte ←
→ shiva ++: an enhanced graph based ontology matcher ; with the web getting bigger and assimilating knowledge about different concepts and domains , it is becoming very difficult for simple database driven applications to capture the data for a domain . thus developers have come out with ontology based systems which can store large amount of information and can apply reasoning and produce timely information . thus facilitating effective knowledge management . though this approach has made our lives easier , but at ←
→ efficient trimmed convolutional arithmetic encoding for lossless image compression ; arithmetic encoding is an essential class of coding techniques which have been widely used in various data compression systems and exhibited promising performance . one key issue of arithmetic encoding method is to predict the probability of the current symbol to be encoded from its context , i . e ., the preceding encoded symbols , which usually can be executed by building a look - up table ( lut ). however , the complexity of lut ←
→ dynamic data selection for neural machine translation ; intelligent selection of training data has proven a successful technique to simultaneously increase training efficiency and translation performance for phrase - based machine translation ( pbmt ). with the recent increase in popularity of neural machine translation ( nmt ), we explore in this paper to what extent and how nmt can also benefit from data selection . while state - of - the - art data selection ( axelrod et al ., 2011 ) consistently performs well for pbmt ,←
→ large - scale optimization algorithms for sparse conditional gaussian graphical models ; this paper addresses the problem of scalable optimization for l1 - regularized conditional gaussian graphical models . conditional gaussian graphical models generalize the well - known gaussian graphical models to conditional distributions to model the output network influenced by conditioning input variables . while highly scalable optimization methods exist for sparse gaussian graphical model estimation , state - of - the - art me ←
→ auto - weka : combined selection and hyperparameter optimization of classification algorithms ; many different machine learning algorithms exist ; taking into account each algorithm ' s hyperparameters , there is a staggeringly large number of possible alternatives overall . we consider the problem of simultaneously selecting a learning algorithm and setting its hyperparameters , going beyond previous work that addresses these issues in isolation . we show that this problem can be addressed by a fully automated app ←
→ interval forecasting of electricity demand : a novel bivariate emd - based support vector regression modeling framework ; highly accurate interval forecasting of electricity demand is fundamental to the success of reducing the risk when making power system planning and operational decisions by providing a range rather than point estimation . in this study , a novel modeling framework integrating bivariate empirical mode decomposition ( bemd ) and support vector regression ( svr ), extended from the well - establishe ←
→ fine - tuned language models for text classification ; transfer learning has revolutionized computer vision , but existing approaches in nlp still require task - specific modifications and training from scratch . we propose fine - tuned language models ( fitlam ), an effective transfer learning method that can be applied to any task in nlp , and introduce techniques that are key for fine - tuning a state - of - the - art language model . our method significantly outperforms the state - of - the - art on five text classification task ←
→ learning to detect human - object interactions ; we study the problem of detecting human - object interactions ( hoi ) in static images , defined as predicting a human and an object bounding box with an interaction class label that connects them . hoi detection is a fundamental problem in computer vision as it provides semantic information about the interactions among the detected objects . we introduce hico - det , a new large benchmark for hoi detection , by augmenting the current hico classification benchmark with in ←
→ towards seamless multi - view scene analysis from satellite to street - level ; in this paper , we discuss and review how combined multi - view imagery from satellite to street - level can benefit scene analysis . numerous works exist that merge information from remote sensing and images acquired from the ground for tasks like land cover mapping , object detection , or scene understanding . what makes the combination of overhead and street - level images challenging , is the strongly varying viewpoint , different scale , i ←
→ deep multi - task learning with shared memory ; neural network based models have achieved impressive results on various specific tasks . however , in previous works , most models are learned separately based on single - task supervised objectives , which often suffer from insufficient training data . in this paper , we propose two deep architectures which can be trained jointly on multiple related tasks . more specifically , we augment neural model with an external memory , which is shared by several tasks . experiments ←
→ towards linguistically generalizable nlp systems : a workshop and shared task ; this paper presents a summary of the first workshop on building linguistically generalizable natural language processing systems , and the associated build it break it , the language edition shared task . the goal of this workshop was to bring together researchers in nlp and linguistics with a shared task aimed at testing the generalizability of nlp systems beyond the distributions of their training data . we describe the motivatio ←
→ covariate - assisted spectral clustering ; biological and social systems consist of myriad interacting units . the interactions can be represented in the form of a graph or network . measurements of these graphs can reveal the underlying structure of these interactions , which provides insight into the systems that generated the graphs . moreover , in applications such as connectomics , social networks , and genomics , graph data are accompanied by contextualizing measures on each node . we utilize these node covariat ←
→ dolda - a regularized supervised topic model for high - dimensional multi - class regression ; generating user interpretable multi - class predictions in data rich environments with many classes and explanatory covariates is a daunting task . we introduce diagonal orthant latent dirichlet allocation ( dolda ), a supervised topic model for multi - class classification that can handle both many classes as well as many covariates . to handle many classes we use the recently proposed diagonal orthant ( do ) probit model ( j ←
→ deep deconvolutional networks for scene parsing ; scene parsing is an important and challenging prob - lem in computer vision . it requires labeling each pixel in an image with the category it belongs to . tradition - ally , it has been approached with hand - engineered features from color information in images . recently convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), which automatically learn hierar - chies of features , have achieved record performance on the task . these approaches typically include a post - processing techni ←
→ efficient first order methods for linear composite regularizers ; a wide class of regularization problems in machine learning and statistics employ a regularization term which is obtained by composing a simple convex function \ omega with a linear transformation . this setting includes group lasso methods , the fused lasso and other total variation methods , multi - task learning methods and many more . in this paper , we present a general approach for computing the proximity operator of this class of regularizers ,←
→ percolation thresholds of updated posteriors for tracking causal markov processes in complex networks ; percolation on complex networks has been used to study computer viruses , epidemics , and other casual processes . here , we present conditions for the existence of a network specific , observation dependent , phase transition in the updated posterior of node states resulting from actively monitoring the network . since traditional percolation thresholds are derived using observation independent markov chains ,←
→ the jhu speech lorehlt 2017 system : cross - language transfer for situation - frame detection ; we describe the system our team used during nist ' s lorehlt ( low resource human language technologies ) 2017 evaluations , which evaluated document topic classification . we present a language agnostic approach combining universal acoustic modeling , evaluation - language - to - english machine translation ( mt ) and an english - language topic classifier . this combination requires no transcribed speech in the given evaluation la ←
→ learning with a wasserstein loss ; learning to predict multi - label outputs is challenging , but in many problems there is a natural metric on the outputs that can be used to improve predictions . in this paper we develop a loss function for multi - label learning , based on the wasserstein distance . the wasserstein distance provides a natural notion of dissimilarity for probability measures . although optimizing with respect to the exact wasserstein distance is costly , recent work has described a regularized appr ←
→ an application of proof - theory in answer set programming ; we apply proof - theoretic techniques in answer set programming . the main results include : 1 . a characterization of continuity properties of gelfond - lifschitz operator for logic program . 2 . a propositional characterization of stable models of logic programs ( without referring to loop formulas .←
→ personalized saliency and its prediction ; almost all existing visual saliency models focus on predicting a universal saliency map across all observers . yet psychology studies suggest that visual attention of different observers can vary a lot under some specific circumstances , especially when they view scenes with multiple salient objects . however , few work explores this visual attention difference probably because of lacking a proper dataset , as well as complex correlation between visual attention , person ←
→ a fast and scalable joint estimator for learning multiple related sparse gaussian graphical models ; estimating multiple sparse gaussian graphical models ( sggms ) jointly for many related tasks ( large $ k $) under a high - dimensional ( large $ p $) situation is an important task . most previous studies for the joint estimation of multiple sggms rely on penalized log - likelihood estimators that involve expensive and difficult non - smooth optimizations . we propose a novel approach , fasjem for \ underline { fa } st and \ un ←
→ approval voting and incentives in crowdsourcing ; the growing need for labeled training data has made crowdsourcing an important part of machine learning . the quality of crowdsourced labels is , however , adversely affected by three factors : ( 1 ) the workers are not experts ; ( 2 ) the incentives of the workers are not aligned with those of the requesters ; and ( 3 ) the interface does not allow workers to convey their knowledge accurately , by forcing them to make a single choice among a set of options . in this pape ←
→ a deep ranking model for spatio - temporal highlight detection from a 360 video ; we address the problem of highlight detection from a 360 degree video by summarizing it both spatially and temporally . given a long 360 degree video , we spatially select pleasantly - looking normal field - of - view ( nfov ) segments from unlimited field of views ( fov ) of the 360 degree video , and temporally summarize it into a concise and informative highlight as a selected subset of subshots . we propose a novel deep ranking model na ←
→ learning a metric for class - conditional knn ; naive bayes nearest neighbour ( nbnn ) is a simple and effective framework which addresses many of the pitfalls of k - nearest neighbour ( knn ) classification . it has yielded competitive results on several computer vision benchmarks . its central tenet is that during nn search , a query is not compared to every example in a database , ignoring class information . instead , nn searches are performed within each class , generating a score per class . a key problem with nn tec ←
→ a comparative study of ranking - based semantics for abstract argumentation ; argumentation is a process of evaluating and comparing a set of arguments . a way to compare them consists in using a ranking - based semantics which rank - order arguments from the most to the least acceptable ones . recently , a number of such semantics have been proposed independently , often associated with some desirable properties . however , there is no comparative study which takes a broader perspective . this is what we propose in t ←
→ an adaptive test of independence with analytic kernel embeddings ; a new computationally efficient dependence measure , and an adaptive statistical test of independence , are proposed . the dependence measure is the difference between analytic embeddings of the joint distribution and the product of the marginals , evaluated at a finite set of locations ( features ). these features are chosen so as to maximize a lower bound on the test power , resulting in a test that is data - efficient , and that runs in linear time ←
→ automatic creation of urban velocity fields from aerial video ; in this paper , we present a system for modelling vehicle motion in an urban scene from low frame - rate aerial video . in particular , the scene is modelled as a probability distribution over velocities at every pixel in the image . we describe the complete system for acquiring this model . the video is captured from a helicopter and stabilized by warping the images to match an orthorectified image of the area . a pixel classifier is applied to the ←
→ an interpretable reasoning network for multi - relation question answering ; multi - relation question answering is a challenging task , due to the requirement of elaborated analysis on questions and reasoning over multiple fact triples in knowledge base . in this paper , we present a novel model called interpretable reasoning network that employs an interpretable , hop - by - hop reasoning process for question answering . the model dynamically decides which part of an input question should be analyzed at each hop ; pred ←
→ a model selection approach for clustering a multinomial sequence with non - negative factorization ; we consider a problem of clustering a sequence of multinomial observations by way of a model selection criterion . we propose a form of a penalty term for the model selection procedure . our approach subsumes both the conventional aic and bic criteria but also extends the conventional criteria in a way that it can be applicable also to a sequence of sparse multinomial observations , where even within a same clu ←
→ morphological annotation of korean with directly maintainable resources ; this article describes an exclusively resource - based method of morphological annotation of written korean text . korean is an agglutinative language . our annotator is designed to process text before the operation of a syntactic parser . in its present state , it annotates one - stem words only . the output is a graph of morphemes annotated with accurate linguistic information . the granularity of the tagset is 3 to 5 times higher than usual ←
→ wavelet frame based image restoration using sparsity , nonlocal and support prior of frame coefficients ; the wavelet frame systems have been widely investigated and applied for image restoration and many other image processing problems over the past decades , attributing to their good capability of sparsely approximating piece - wise smooth functions such as images . most wavelet frame based models exploit the $ l_1 $ norm of frame coefficients for a sparsity constraint in the past . the authors in \ cite { zhangy2 ←
→ obesity heuristic , new way on artificial immune systems ; there is a need for new metaphors from immunology to flourish the application areas of artificial immune systems . a metaheuristic called obesity heuristic derived from advances in obesity treatment is proposed . the main forces of the algorithm are the generation omega - 6 and omega - 3 fatty acids . the algorithm works with just - in - time philosophy ; by starting only when desired . a case study of data cleaning is provided . with experiments conducted on stan ←
→ fully decentralized multi - agent reinforcement learning with networked agents ; we consider the problem of \ emph { fully decentralized } multi - agent reinforcement learning ( marl ), where the agents are located at the nodes of a time - varying communication network . specifically , we assume that the reward functions of the agents might correspond to different tasks , and are only known to the corresponding agent . moreover , each agent makes individual decisions based on both the information observed locally and the ←
→ building energy load forecasting using deep neural networks ; ensuring sustainability demands more efficient energy management with minimized energy wastage . therefore , the power grid of the future should provide an unprecedented level of flexibility in energy management . to that end , intelligent decision making requires accurate predictions of future energy demand / load , both at aggregate and individual site level . thus , energy load forecasting have received increased attention in the recent past , however h ←
→ efficient inference and learning in a large knowledge base : reasoning with extracted information using a locally groundable first - order probabilistic logic ; one important challenge for probabilistic logics is reasoning with very large knowledge bases ( kbs ) of imperfect information , such as those produced by modern web - scale information extraction systems . one scalability problem shared by many probabilistic logics is that answering queries involves " grounding " the query --- i . e ., mapping it to a proposit ←
→ a visual web tool to perform what - if analysis of optimization approaches ; in operation research , practical evaluation is essential to validate the efficacy of optimization approaches . this paper promotes the usage of performance profiles as a standard practice to visualize and analyze experimental results . it introduces a web tool to construct and export performance profiles as svg or html files . in addition , the application relies on a methodology to estimate the benefit of hypothetical solver improvement ←
→ determining the number of clusters via iterative consensus clustering ; we use a cluster ensemble to determine the number of clusters , k , in a group of data . a consensus similarity matrix is formed from the ensemble using multiple algorithms and several values for k . a random walk is induced on the graph defined by the consensus matrix and the eigenvalues of the associated transition probability matrix are used to determine the number of clusters . for noisy or high - dimensional data , an iterative technique i ←
→ spatiotemporal sensistivity and visual attention for efficient rendering of dynamic environments ; we present a method to accelerate global illumination computation in dynamic environments by taking advantage of limitations of the human visual system . a model of visual attention is used to locate regions of interest in a scene and to modulate spatiotemporal sensitivity . the method is applied in the form of a spatiotemporal error tolerance map . perceptual acceleration combined with good sampling protocols ←
→ high - rank matrix completion and subspace clustering with missing data ; this paper considers the problem of completing a matrix with many missing entries under the assumption that the columns of the matrix belong to a union of multiple low - rank subspaces . this generalizes the standard low - rank matrix completion problem to situations in which the matrix rank can be quite high or even full rank . since the columns belong to a union of subspaces , this problem may also be viewed as a missing - data version of the ←
→ an expressive language and efficient execution system for software agents ; software agents can be used to automate many of the tedious , time - consuming information processing tasks that humans currently have to complete manually . however , to do so , agent plans must be capable of representing the myriad of actions and control flows required to perform those tasks . in addition , since these tasks can require integrating multiple sources of remote information ? typically , a slow , i / o - bound process ? it is des ←
→ sub - committee approval voting and generalised justified representation axioms ; social choice is replete with various settings including single - winner voting , multi - winner voting , probabilistic voting , multiple referenda , and public decision making . we study a general model of social choice called sub - committee voting ( scv ) that simultaneously generalizes these settings . we then focus on sub - committee voting with approvals and propose extensions of the justified representation axioms that have been consid ←
→ a survey on video forgery detection ; the digital forgeries though not visibly identifiable to human perception it may alter or meddle with underlying natural statistics of digital content . tampering involves fiddling with video content in order to cause damage or make unauthorized alteration / modification . tampering detection in video is cumbersome compared to image when considering the properties of the video . tampering impacts need to be studied and the applied technique / method is used to establish the fa ←
→ recursive multikernel filters exploiting nonlinear temporal structure ; in kernel methods , temporal information on the data is commonly included by using time - delayed embeddings as inputs . recently , an alternative formulation was proposed by defining a gamma - filter explicitly in a reproducing kernel hilbert space , giving rise to a complex model where multiple kernels operate on different temporal combinations of the input signal . in the original formulation , the kernels are then simply combined to obtain a ←
→ optimal decomposition of belief networks ; in this paper , optimum decomposition of belief networks is discussed . some methods of decomposition are examined and a new method - the method of minimum total number of states ( mtns ) - is proposed . the problem of optimum belief network decomposition under our framework , as under all the other frameworks , is shown to be np - hard . according to the computational complexity analysis , an algorithm of belief network decomposition is proposed in ( wee , 1990a ) based on simu ←
→ model - based diagnosis using structured system descriptions ; this paper presents a comprehensive approach for model - based diagnosis which includes proposals for characterizing and computing preferred diagnoses , assuming that the system description is augmented with a system structure ( a directed graph explicating the interconnections between system components ). specifically , we first introduce the notion of a consequence , which is a syntactically unconstrained propositional sentence that characterizes all c ←
→ speeding up the construction of slow adaptive walks ; an algorithm ( bliss ) is proposed to speed up the construction of slow adaptive walks . slow adaptive walks are adaptive walks biased towards closer points or smaller move steps . they were previously introduced to explore a search space , e . g . to detect potential local optima or to assess the ruggedness of a fitness landscape . to avoid the quadratic cost of computing hamming distance ( hd ) for all - pairs of strings in a set in order to find the set of closest ←
→ no penalty no tears : least squares in high - dimensional linear models ; ordinary least squares ( ols ) is the default method for fitting linear models , but is not applicable for problems with dimensionality larger than the sample size . for these problems , we advocate the use of a generalized version of ols motivated by ridge regression , and propose two novel three - step algorithms involving least squares fitting and hard thresholding . the algorithms are methodologically simple to understand intuitively , computa ←
→ hmrf - em - image : implementation of the hidden markov random field model and its expectation - maximization algorithm ; in this project , we study the hidden markov random field ( hmrf ) model and its expectation - maximization ( em ) algorithm . we implement a matlab toolbox named hmrf - em - image for 2d image segmentation using the hmrf - em framework . this toolbox also implements edge - prior - preserving image segmentation , and can be easily reconfigured for other problems , such as 3d image segmentation .←
→ a supervised stdp - based training algorithm for living neural networks ; neural networks have shown great potential in many applications like speech recognition , drug discovery , image classification , and object detection . neural network models are inspired by biological neural networks , but they are optimized to perform machine learning tasks on digital computers . the proposed work explores the possibilities of using living neural networks in vitro as basic computational elements for machine learning applica ←
→ fuzzy - based navigation and control of a non - holonomic mobile robot ; in recent years , the use of non - analytical methods of computing such as fuzzy logic , evolutionary computation , and neural networks has demonstrated the utility and potential of these paradigms for intelligent control of mobile robot navigation . in this paper , a theoretical model of a fuzzy based controller for an autonomous mobile robot is developed . the paper begins with the mathematical model of the robot that involves the kinematic mode ←
→ lost in time : temporal analytics for long - term video surveillance ; video surveillance is a well researched area of study with substantial work done in the aspects of object detection , tracking and behavior analysis . with the abundance of video data captured over a long period of time , we can understand patterns in human behavior and scene dynamics through data - driven temporal analytics . in this work , we propose two schemes to perform descriptive and predictive analytics on long - term video surveillance data ←
→ epistemic irrelevance in credal nets : the case of imprecise markov trees ; we focus on credal nets , which are graphical models that generalise bayesian nets to imprecise probability . we replace the notion of strong independence commonly used in credal nets with the weaker notion of epistemic irrelevance , which is arguably more suited for a behavioural theory of probability . focusing on directed trees , we show how to combine the given local uncertainty models in the nodes of the graph into a global model , an ←
→ significant subgraph mining with multiple testing correction ; the problem of finding itemsets that are statistically significantly enriched in a class of transactions is complicated by the need to correct for multiple hypothesis testing . pruning untestable hypotheses was recently proposed as a strategy for this task of significant itemset mining . it was shown to lead to greater statistical power , the discovery of more truly significant itemsets , than the standard bonferroni correction on real - world dataset ←
→ cma - es with two - point step - size adaptation ; we combine a refined version of two - point step - size adaptation with the covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy ( cma - es ). additionally , we suggest polished formulae for the learning rate of the covariance matrix and the recombination weights . in contrast to cumulative step - size adaptation or to the 1 / 5 - th success rule , the refined two - point adaptation ( tpa ) does not rely on any internal model of optimality . in contrast to conventional self - adaptation , the ←
→ a natural language interface to a graph - based bibliographic information retrieval system ; with the ever - increasing scientific literature , there is a need on a natural language interface to bibliographic information retrieval systems to retrieve related information effectively . in this paper , we propose a natural language interface , nli - gibir , to a graph - based bibliographic information retrieval system . in designing nli - gibir , we developed a novel framework that can be applicable to graph - based bibliograp ←
→ swell on the rise : swedish learner language corpus for european reference level studies ; we present a new resource for swedish , swell , a corpus of swedish learner essays linked to learners ' performance according to the common european framework of reference ( cefr ). swell consists of three subcorpora - spin , sw1203 and tisus , collected from three different educational establishments . the common metadata for all subcorpora includes age , gender , native languages , time of residence in sweden , type of written ←
→ ucp - networks : a directed graphical representation of conditional utilities ; we propose a new directed graphical representation of utility functions , called ucp - networks , that combines aspects of two existing graphical models : generalized additive models and cp - networks . the network decomposes a utility function into a number of additive factors , with the directionality of the arcs reflecting conditional dependence of preference statements - in the underlying ( qualitative ) preference ordering - under a { e ←
→ recombinator networks : learning coarse - to - fine feature aggregation ; deep neural networks with alternating convolutional , max - pooling and decimation layers are widely used in state of the art architectures for computer vision . max - pooling purposefully discards precise spatial information in order to create features that are more robust , and typically organized as lower resolution spatial feature maps . on some tasks , such as whole - image classification , max - pooling derived features are well suited ; however , f ←
→ magma : multi - level accelerated gradient mirror descent algorithm for large - scale convex composite minimization ; composite convex optimization models arise in several applications , and are especially prevalent in inverse problems with a sparsity inducing norm and in general convex optimization with simple constraints . the most widely used algorithms for convex composite models are accelerated first order methods , however they can take a large number of iterations to compute an acceptable solution for larg ←
→ managing distributed marf with snmp ; the scope of this project ' s work focuses on the research and prototyping of the extension of the distributed marf such that its services can be managed through the most popular management protocol familiarly , snmp . the rationale behind snmp vs . marf ' s proprietary management protocols , is that can be integrated with the use of common network service and device management , so the administrators can manage marf nodes via a already familiar protocol , as well as monitor thei ←
→ harmonic exponential families on manifolds ; in a range of fields including the geosciences , molecular biology , robotics and computer vision , one encounters problems that involve random variables on manifolds . currently , there is a lack of flexible probabilistic models on manifolds that are fast and easy to train . we define an extremely flexible class of exponential family distributions on manifolds such as the torus , sphere , and rotation groups , and show that for these distributions the gradient of the log ←
→ adaptive neural compilation ; this paper proposes an adaptive neural - compilation framework to address the problem of efficient program learning . traditional code optimisation strategies used in compilers are based on applying pre - specified set of transformations that make the code faster to execute without changing its semantics . in contrast , our work involves adapting programs to make them more efficient while considering correctness only on a target input distribution . our approach is inspired by the rece ←
→ monotonic calibrated interpolated look - up tables ; real - world machine learning applications may require functions that are fast - to - evaluate and interpretable . in particular , guaranteed monotonicity of the learned function can be critical to user trust . we propose meeting these goals for low - dimensional machine learning problems by learning flexible , monotonic functions using calibrated interpolated look - up tables . we extend the structural risk minimization framework of lattice regression to train monotonic ←
→ event - driven contrastive divergence for spiking neuromorphic systems ; restricted boltzmann machines ( rbms ) and deep belief networks have been demonstrated to perform efficiently in a variety of applications , such as dimensionality reduction , feature learning , and classification . their implementation on neuromorphic hardware platforms emulating large - scale networks of spiking neurons can have significant advantages from the perspectives of scalability , power dissipation and real - time interfacing with the en ←
→ descriptors and regions of interest fusion for gender classification in the wild . comparison and combination with convolutional neural networks ; gender classification ( gc ) has achieved high accuracy in different experimental evaluations based mostly on inner facial details . however , these results do not generalize well in unrestricted datasets and particularly in cross - database experiments , where the performance drops drastically . in this paper , we analyze the state - of - the - art gc accuracy on three large ←
→ a convolutional neural network for modelling sentences ; the ability to accurately represent sentences is central to language understanding . we describe a convolutional architecture dubbed the dynamic convolutional neural network ( dcnn ) that we adopt for the semantic modelling of sentences . the network uses dynamic k - max pooling , a global pooling operation over linear sequences . the network handles input sentences of varying length and induces a feature graph over the sentence that is capable of explicitly ←
→ point - based pomdp algorithms : improved analysis and implementation ; existing complexity bounds for point - based pomdp value iteration algorithms focus either on the curse of dimensionality or the curse of history . we derive a new bound that relies on both and uses the concept of discounted reachability ; our conclusions may help guide future algorithm design . we also discuss recent improvements to our ( point - based ) heuristic search value iteration algorithm . our new implementation calculates tighter initial ←
→ posetrack : joint multi - person pose estimation and tracking ; in this work , we introduce the challenging problem of joint multi - person pose estimation and tracking of an unknown number of persons in unconstrained videos . existing methods for multi - person pose estimation in images cannot be applied directly to this problem , since it also requires to solve the problem of person association over time in addition to the pose estimation for each person . we therefore propose a novel method that jointly models mult ←
→ a markov chain theory approach to characterizing the minimax optimality of stochastic gradient descent ( for least squares ) ; this work provides a simplified proof of the statistical minimax optimality of ( iterate averaged ) stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ), for the special case of least squares . this result is obtained by analyzing sgd as a stochastic process and by sharply characterizing the stationary covariance matrix of this process . the finite rate optimality characterization captures the constant fa ←
→ visualizing and understanding neural models in nlp ; while neural networks have been successfully applied to many nlp tasks the resulting vector - based models are very difficult to interpret . for example it ' s not clear how they achieve {\ em compositionality }, building sentence meaning from the meanings of words and phrases . in this paper we describe four strategies for visualizing compositionality in neural models for nlp , inspired by similar work in computer vision . we first plot unit values to visualize co ←
→ sparcnn : spatially related convolutional neural networks ; the ability to accurately detect and classify objects at varying pixel sizes in cluttered scenes is crucial to many navy applications . however , detection performance of existing state - of the - art approaches such as convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) degrade and suffer when applied to such cluttered and multi - object detection tasks . we conjecture that spatial relationships between objects in an image could be exploited to significantly improve detec ←
→ chinese restaurant game - part i : theory of learning with negative network externality ; in a social network , agents are intelligent and have the capability to make decisions to maximize their utilities . they can either make wise decisions by taking advantages of other agents ' experiences through learning , or make decisions earlier to avoid competitions from huge crowds . both these two effects , social learning and negative network externality , play important roles in the decision process of an agent . whil ←
→ optimization in differentiable manifolds in order to determine the method of construction of prehistoric wall - paintings ; in this paper a general methodology is introduced for the determination of potential prototype curves used for the drawing of prehistoric wall - paintings . the approach includes a ) preprocessing of the wall - paintings contours to properly partition them , according to their curvature , b ) choice of prototype curves families , c ) analysis and optimization in 4 - manifold for a first estimation ←
→ exploratory analysis of functional data via clustering and optimal segmentation ; we propose in this paper an exploratory analysis algorithm for functional data . the method partitions a set of functions into $ k $ clusters and represents each cluster by a simple prototype ( e . g ., piecewise constant ). the total number of segments in the prototypes , $ p $, is chosen by the user and optimally distributed among the clusters via two dynamic programming algorithms . the practical relevance of the method is shown on t ←
→ fast restricted causal inference ; hidden variables are well known sources of disturbance when recovering belief networks from data based only on measurable variables . hence models assuming existence of hidden variables are under development . this paper presents a new algorithm " accelerating " the known ci algorithm of spirtes , glymour and scheines { spirtes : 93 }. we prove that this algorithm does not produces ( conditional ) independencies not present in the data if statistical independence test is reliable . ←
→ spatial temporal graph convolutional networks for skeleton - based action recognition ; dynamics of human body skeletons convey significant information for human action recognition . conventional approaches for modeling skeletons usually rely on hand - crafted parts or traversal rules , thus resulting in limited expressive power and difficulties of generalization . in this work , we propose a novel model of dynamic skeletons called spatial - temporal graph convolutional networks ( st - gcn ), which moves beyond the lim ←
→ identification of fertile translations in medical comparable corpora : a morpho - compositional approach ; this paper defines a method for lexicon in the biomedical domain from comparable corpora . the method is based on compositional translation and exploits morpheme - level translation equivalences . it can generate translations for a large variety of morphologically constructed words and can also generate ' fertile ' translations . we show that fertile translations increase the overall quality of the extracted l ←
→ gpu asynchronous stochastic gradient descent to speed up neural network training ; the ability to train large - scale neural networks has resulted in state - of - the - art performance in many areas of computer vision . these results have largely come from computational break throughs of two forms : model parallelism , e . g . gpu accelerated training , which has seen quick adoption in computer vision circles , and data parallelism , e . g . a - sgd , whose large scale has been used mostly in industry . we report early experimen ←
→ an influence diagram - based approach for estimating staff training in software industry ; the successful completion of a software development process depends on the analytical capability and foresightedness of the project manager . for the project manager , the main intriguing task is to manage the risk factors as they adversely influence the completion deadline . one such key risk factor is staff training . the risk of this factor can be avoided by pre - judging the amount of training required by the staff . so ,←
→ the generation of textual entailment with nlml in an intelligent dialogue system for language learning csiec ; this research report introduces the generation of textual entailment within the project csiec ( computer simulation in educational communication ), an interactive web - based human - computer dialogue system with natural language for english instruction . the generation of textual entailment ( gte ) is critical to the further improvement of csiec project . up to now we have found few literatures related wi ←
→ data augmentation by pairing samples for images classification ; data augmentation is a widely used technique in many machine learning tasks , such as image classification , to virtually enlarge the training dataset size and avoid overfitting . traditional data augmentation techniques for image classification tasks create new samples from the original training data by , for example , flipping , distorting , adding a small amount of noise to , or cropping a patch from an original image . in this paper , we introduce a ←
→ exploring the space of black - box attacks on deep neural networks ; existing black - box attacks on deep neural networks ( dnns ) so far have largely focused on transferability , where an adversarial instance generated for a locally trained model can " transfer " to attack other learning models . in this paper , we propose novel gradient estimation black - box attacks for adversaries with query access to the target model ' s class probabilities , which do not rely on transferability . we also propose strategies to decouple ←
→ syntax is from mars while semantics from venus ! insights from spectral analysis of distributional similarity networks ; we study the global topology of the syntactic and semantic distributional similarity networks for english through the technique of spectral analysis . we observe that while the syntactic network has a hierarchical structure with strong communities and their mixtures , the semantic network has several tightly knit communities along with a large core without any such well - defined community s ←
→ introducing skyset - a quintuple approach for improving instructions ; a new approach called skyset ( synthetic knowledge yield social entities translation ) is proposed to validate completeness and to reduce ambiguity from written instructional documentation . skyset utilizes a quintuple set of standardized categories , which differs from traditional approaches that typically use triples . the skyset system defines the categories required to form a standard template for representing information that is portable ←
→ object proposal generation applying the distance dependent chinese restaurant process ; in application domains such as robotics , it is useful to represent the uncertainty related to the robot ' s belief about the state of its environment . algorithms that only yield a single " best guess " as a result are not sufficient . in this paper , we propose object proposal generation based on non - parametric bayesian inference that allows quantification of the likelihood of the proposals . we apply markov chain monte carlo ←
→ conflict management in information fusion with belief functions ; in information fusion , the conflict is an important concept . indeed , combining several imperfect experts or sources allows conflict . in the theory of belief functions , this notion has been discussed a lot . the mass appearing on the empty set during the conjunctive combination rule is generally considered as conflict , but that is not really a conflict . some measures of conflict have been proposed and some approaches have been proposed in order ←
→ high dynamic range imaging by perceptual logarithmic exposure merging ; in this paper we emphasize a similarity between the logarithmic - type image processing ( ltip ) model and the naka - rushton model of the human visual system ( hvs ). ltip is a derivation of the logarithmic image processing ( lip ), which further replaces the logarithmic function with a ratio of polynomial functions . based on this similarity , we show that it is possible to present an unifying framework for the high dynamic range ( hdr ) imaging pr ←
→ generating adversarial examples with adversarial networks ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have been found to be vulnerable to adversarial examples resulting from adding small - magnitude perturbations to inputs . such adversarial examples can mislead dnns to produce adversary - selected results . different attack strategies have been proposed to generate adversarial examples , but how to produce them with high perceptual quality and more efficiently requires more research efforts . in this paper , we propose advgan to ←
→ adaptive affinity matrix for unsupervised metric learning ; spectral clustering is one of the most popular clustering approaches with the capability to handle some challenging clustering problems . most spectral clustering methods provide a nonlinear map from the data manifold to a subspace . only a little work focuses on the explicit linear map which can be viewed as the unsupervised distance metric learning . in practice , the selection of the affinity matrix exhibits a tremendous impact on the unsupervised l ←
→ spectral methods for correlated topic models ; in this paper , we propose guaranteed spectral methods for learning a broad range of topic models , which generalize the popular latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ). we overcome the limitation of lda to incorporate arbitrary topic correlations , by assuming that the hidden topic proportions are drawn from a flexible class of normalized infinitely divisible ( nid ) distributions . nid distributions are generated through the process of normalizing a family of independent ←
→ physiological and behavioral profiling for nociceptive pain estimation using personalized multitask learning ; pain is a subjective experience commonly measured through patient ' s self report . while there exist numerous situations in which automatic pain estimation methods may be preferred , inter - subject variability in physiological and behavioral pain responses has hindered the development of such methods . in this work , we address this problem by introducing a novel personalized multitask machine learning ←
→ dimensionality - reduced subspace clustering ; subspace clustering refers to the problem of clustering unlabeled high - dimensional data points into a union of low - dimensional linear subspaces , whose number , orientations , and dimensions are all unknown . in practice one may have access to dimensionality - reduced observations of the data only , resulting , e . g ., from undersampling due to complexity and speed constraints on the acquisition device or mechanism . more pertinently , even if the high - dimensional data set i ←
→ multi - layer convolutional sparse modeling : pursuit and dictionary learning ; the recently proposed multi - layer convolutional sparse coding ( ml - csc ) model , consisting of a cascade of convolutional sparse layers , provides a new interpretation of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). under this framework , the computation of the forward pass in a cnn is equivalent to a pursuit algorithm aiming to estimate the nested sparse representation vectors -- or feature maps -- from a given input signal . despite having ←
→ the mechanics of n - player differentiable games ; the cornerstone underpinning deep learning is the guarantee that gradient descent on an objective converges to local minima . unfortunately , this guarantee fails in settings , such as generative adversarial nets , where there are multiple interacting losses . the behavior of gradient - based methods in games is not well understood -- and is becoming increasingly important as adversarial and multi - objective architectures proliferate . in this paper , we develop new te ←
→ crowd saliency detection via global similarity structure ; it is common for cctv operators to overlook inter - esting events taking place within the crowd due to large number of people in the crowded scene ( i . e . marathon , rally ). thus , there is a dire need to automate the detection of salient crowd regions acquiring immediate attention for a more effective and proactive surveillance . this paper proposes a novel framework to identify and localize salient regions in a crowd scene , by transforming low - level fea ←
→ stock prediction : a method based on extraction of news features and recurrent neural networks ; this paper proposed a method for stock prediction . in terms of feature extraction , we extract the features of stock - related news besides stock prices . we first select some seed words based on experience which are the symbols of good news and bad news . then we propose an optimization method and calculate the positive polar of all words . after that , we construct the features of news based on the positive polar of ←
→ sketched ridge regression : optimization perspective , statistical perspective , and model averaging ; we address the statistical and optimization impacts of using classical sketch versus hessian sketch to solve approximately the matrix ridge regression ( mrr ) problem . prior research has considered the effects of classical sketch on least squares regression ( lsr ), a strictly simpler problem . we establish that classical sketch has a similar effect upon the optimization properties of mrr as it does on those of ←
→ reasoning about unmodelled concepts - incorporating class taxonomies in probabilistic relational models ; a key problem in the application of first - order probabilistic methods is the enormous size of graphical models they imply . the size results from the possible worlds that can be generated by a domain of objects and relations . one of the reasons for this explosion is that so far the approaches do not sufficiently exploit the structure and similarity of possible worlds in order to encode the models more ←
→ progressive boosting for class imbalance ; pattern recognition applications often suffer from skewed data distributions between classes , which may vary during operations w . r . t . the design data . two - class classification systems designed using skewed data tend to recognize the majority class better than the minority class of interest . several data - level techniques have been proposed to alleviate this issue by up - sampling minority samples or under - sampling majority samples . however , some informative samples ma ←
→ firefly monte carlo : exact mcmc with subsets of data ; markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) is a popular and successful general - purpose tool for bayesian inference . however , mcmc cannot be practically applied to large data sets because of the prohibitive cost of evaluating every likelihood term at every iteration . here we present firefly monte carlo ( flymc ) an auxiliary variable mcmc algorithm that only queries the likelihoods of a potentially small subset of the data at each iteration yet simulates from the exa ←
→ regression conformal prediction with nearest neighbours ; in this paper we apply conformal prediction ( cp ) to the k - nearest neighbours regression ( k - nnr ) algorithm and propose ways of extending the typical nonconformity measure used for regression so far . unlike traditional regression methods which produce point predictions , conformal predictors output predictive regions that satisfy a given confidence level . the regions produced by any conformal predictor are automatically valid , however their tightness an ←
→ evolving ensemble fuzzy classifier ; the concept of ensemble learning offers a promising avenue in learning from data streams under complex environments because it addresses the bias and variance dilemma better than its single model counterpart and features a reconfigurable structure , which is well suited to the given context . while various extensions of ensemble learning for mining non - stationary data streams can be found in the literature , most of them are crafted under a static base classifier and revisi ←
→ deep learning for environmentally robust speech recognition : an overview of recent developments ; eliminating the negative effect of non - stationary environmental noise is a long - standing research topic for automatic speech recognition but still remains an important challenge . data - driven supervised approaches , especially the ones based on deep neural networks , have recently emerged as potential alternatives to traditional unsupervised approaches and with sufficient training , can alleviate the shortcomings ←
→ on the sequence of state configurations in the garden of eden ; autonomous threshold element circuit networks are used to investigate the structure of neural networks . with these circuits , as the transition functions are threshold functions , it is necessary to consider the existence of sequences of state configurations that cannot be transitioned . in this study , we focus on all logical functions of four or fewer variables , and we discuss the periodic sequences and transient series that transition from all s ←
→ enhancements of linked data expressiveness for ontologies ; the semantic web has received many contributions of researchers as ontologies which , in this context , i . e . within rdf linked data , are formalized conceptualizations that might use different protocols , such as rdfs , owl dl and owl full . in this article , we describe new expressive techniques which were found necessary after elaborating dozens of owl ontologies for the scientific academy , the state and the civil society . they consist in : 1 ) stating po ←
→ parameter reference loss for unsupervised domain adaptation ; the success of deep learning in computer vision is mainly attributed to an abundance of data . however , collecting large - scale data is not always possible , especially for the supervised labels . unsupervised domain adaptation ( uda ) aims to utilize labeled data from a source domain to learn a model that generalizes to a target domain of unlabeled data . a large amount of existing work uses siamese network - based models , where two streams of neural net ←
→ unsupervised aspect term extraction with b - lstm & crf using automatically labelled datasets ; aspect term extraction ( ate ) identifies opinionated aspect terms in texts and is one of the tasks in the semeval aspect based sentiment analysis ( absa ) contest . the small amount of available datasets for supervised ate and the costly human annotation for aspect term labelling give rise to the need for unsupervised ate . in this paper , we introduce an architecture that achieves top - ranking performance for supervise ←
→ flipdial : a generative model for two - way visual dialogue ; we present flipdial , a generative model for visual dialogue that simultaneously plays the role of both participants in a visually - grounded dialogue . given context in the form of an image and an associated caption summarising the contents of the image , flipdial learns both to answer questions and put forward questions , capable of generating entire sequences of dialogue ( question - answer pairs ) which are diverse and relevant to the image . to do this , f ←
→ deep learning for medical image segmentation ; this report provides an overview of the current state of the art deep learning architectures and optimisation techniques , and uses the adni hippocampus mri dataset as an example to compare the effectiveness and efficiency of different convolutional architectures on the task of patch - based 3 - dimensional hippocampal segmentation , which is important in the diagnosis of alzheimer ' s disease . we found that a slightly unconventional " stacked 2d " approach provides much ←
→ learning and optimization with submodular functions ; in many naturally occurring optimization problems one needs to ensure that the definition of the optimization problem lends itself to solutions that are tractable to compute . in cases where exact solutions cannot be computed tractably , it is beneficial to have strong guarantees on the tractable approximate solutions . in order operate under these criterion most optimization problems are cast under the umbrella of convexity or submodularity . in this report ←
→ general ai challenge - round one : gradual learning ; the general ai challenge is an initiative to encourage the wider artificial intelligence community to focus on important problems in building intelligent machines with more general scope than is currently possible . the challenge comprises of multiple rounds , with the first round focusing on gradual learning , i . e . the ability to re - use already learned knowledge for efficiently learning to solve subsequent problems . in this article , we will present details ←
→ building fast and compact convolutional neural networks for offline handwritten chinese character recognition ; like other problems in computer vision , offline handwritten chinese character recognition ( hccr ) has achieved impressive results using convolutional neural network ( cnn )- based methods . however , larger and deeper networks are needed to deliver state - of - the - art results in this domain . such networks intuitively appear to incur high computational cost , and require the storage of a large number of pa ←
→ ashwin : plug - and - play system for machine - human image annotation ; we present an end - to - end machine - human image annotation system where each component can be attached in a plug - and - play fashion . these components include feature extraction , machine classifier , task sampling and crowd consensus .←
→ belief merging within fragments of propositional logic ; recently , belief change within the framework of fragments of propositional logic has gained increasing attention . previous works focused on belief contraction and belief revision on the horn fragment . however , the problem of belief merging within fragments of propositional logic has been neglected so far . this paper presents a general approach to define new merging operators derived from existing ones such that the result of merging remains in the fra ←
→ a forward - backward approach for visualizing information flow in deep networks ; we introduce a new , systematic framework for visualizing information flow in deep networks . specifically , given any trained deep convolutional network model and a given test image , our method produces a compact support in the image domain that corresponds to a ( high - resolution ) feature that contributes to the given explanation . our method is both computationally efficient as well as numerically robust . we present several preli ←
→ coupling adaptive batch sizes with learning rates ; mini - batch stochastic gradient descent and variants thereof have become standard for large - scale empirical risk minimization like the training of neural networks . these methods are usually used with a constant batch size chosen by simple empirical inspection . the batch size significantly influences the behavior of the stochastic optimization algorithm , though , since it determines the variance of the gradient estimates . this variance also changes over the o ←
→ applications of data mining to electronic commerce ; electronic commerce is emerging as the killer domain for data mining technology . the following are five desiderata for success . seldom are they they all present in one data mining application . 1 . data with rich descriptions . for example , wide customer records with many potentially useful fields allow data mining algorithms to search beyond obvious correlations . 2 . a large volume of data . the large model spaces corresponding to rich data demand many ←
→ optlayer - practical constrained optimization for deep reinforcement learning in the real world ; while deep reinforcement learning techniques have recently produced considerable achievements on many decision - making problems , their use in robotics has largely been limited to simulated worlds or restricted motions , since unconstrained trial - and - error interactions in the real world can have undesirable consequences for the robot or its environment . to overcome such limitations , we propose a novel reinforcem ←
→ classification of complex wishart matrices with a diffusion - reaction system guided by stochastic distances ; we propose a new method for polsar ( polarimetric synthetic aperture radar ) imagery classification based on stochastic distances in the space of random matrices obeying complex wishart distributions . given a collection of prototypes $\{ z_m \} _ { m = 1 }^ m $ and a stochastic distance $ d (.,.)$, we classify any random matrix $ x $ using two criteria in an iterative setup . firstly , we associate $ x $ to the class ←
→ integrating both visual and audio cues for enhanced video caption ; video caption refers to generating a descriptive sentence for a specific short video clip automatically , which has achieved remarkable success recently . however , most of the existing methods focus more on visual information while ignoring the synchronized audio cues . we propose three multimodal deep fusion strategies to maximize the benefits of visual - audio resonance information . the first one explores the impact on cross - modalities feature ←
→ on - line regression competitive with reproducing kernel hilbert spaces ; we consider the problem of on - line prediction of real - valued labels , assumed bounded in absolute value by a known constant , of new objects from known labeled objects . the prediction algorithm ' s performance is measured by the squared deviation of the predictions from the actual labels . no stochastic assumptions are made about the way the labels and objects are generated . instead , we are given a benchmark class of prediction rules some of ←
→ jamming model for the extremal optimization heuristic ; extremal optimization , a recently introduced meta - heuristic for hard optimization problems , is analyzed on a simple model of jamming . the model is motivated first by the problem of finding lowest energy configurations for a disordered spin system on a fixed - valence graph . the numerical results for the spin system exhibit the same phenomena found in all earlier studies of extremal optimization , and our analytical results for the model reproduce many of ←
→ detecting events and patterns in large - scale user generated textual streams with statistical learning methods ; a vast amount of textual web streams is influenced by events or phenomena emerging in the real world . the social web forms an excellent modern paradigm , where unstructured user generated content is published on a regular basis and in most occasions is freely distributed . the present ph . d . thesis deals with the problem of inferring information - or patterns in general - about events emerging in r ←
→ probabilistic svm / gmm classifier for speaker - independent vowel recognition in continues speech ; in this paper , we discuss the issues in automatic recognition of vowels in persian language . the present work focuses on new statistical method of recognition of vowels as a basic unit of syllables . first we describe a vowel detection system then briefly discuss how the detected vowels can feed to recognition unit . according to pattern recognition , support vector machines ( svm ) as a discriminative classifier a ←
→ blind image deconvolution using deep generative priors ; this paper proposes a new framework to regularize the \ textit { ill - posed } and \ textit { non - linear } blind image deconvolution problem by using deep generative priors . we employ two separate deep generative models --- one trained to produce sharp images while the other trained to generate blur kernels from lower - dimensional parameters . the regularized problem is efficiently solved by simple alternating gradient descent algorithm operating in the latent lo ←
→ derivative based focal plane array nonuniformity correction ; this paper presents a fast and robust method for fixed pattern noise nonuniformity correction of infrared focal plane arrays . the proposed method requires neither shutter nor elaborate calibrations and therefore enables a real time correction with no interruptions . based on derivative estimation of the fixed pattern noise from pixel sized translations of the focal plane array , the proposed method has the advantages of being invariant to the noise ←
→ inductive framework for multi - aspect streaming tensor completion with side information ; low - rank tensor completion is a well - studied problem and has applications in various fields . however , in many real - world applications the data is dynamic , i . e ., the tensor grows as new data arrives . besides the tensor , in many real - world scenarios , side information is also available in the form of matrices which also grow . existing work on dynamic tensor completion do not incorporate side information and most of the p ←
→ discriminative scale space tracking ; accurate scale estimation of a target is a challenging research problem in visual object tracking . most state - of - the - art methods employ an exhaustive scale search to estimate the target size . the exhaustive search strategy is computationally expensive and struggles when encountered with large scale variations . this paper investigates the problem of accurate and robust scale estimation in a tracking - by - detection framework . we propose a novel scale adaptive tracking appro ←
→ moddrop : adaptive multi - modal gesture recognition ; we present a method for gesture detection and localisation based on multi - scale and multi - modal deep learning . each visual modality captures spatial information at a particular spatial scale ( such as motion of the upper body or a hand ), and the whole system operates at three temporal scales . key to our technique is a training strategy which exploits : i ) careful initialization of individual modalities ; and ii ) gradual fusion involving random dropping of sep ←
→ optimal size , freshness and time - frame for voice search vocabulary ; in this paper , we investigate how to optimize the vocabulary for a voice search language model . the metric we optimize over is the out - of - vocabulary ( oov ) rate since it is a strong indicator of user experience . in a departure from the usual way of measuring oov rates , web search logs allow us to compute the per - session oov rate and thus estimate the percentage of users that experience a given oov rate . under very conservative text normaliz ←
→ an estimate of referent of noun phrases in japanese sentences ; in machine translation and man - machine dialogue , it is important to clarify referents of noun phrases . we present a method for determining the referents of noun phrases in japanese sentences by using the referential properties , modifiers , and possessors of noun phrases . since the japanese language has no articles , it is difficult to decide whether a noun phrase has an antecedent or not . we had previously estimated the referential properties of ←
→ neural color transfer between images ; we propose a new algorithm for color transfer between images that have perceptually similar semantic structures . we aim to achieve a more accurate color transfer that leverages semantically - meaningful dense correspondence between images . to accomplish this , our algorithm uses neural representations for matching . additionally , the color transfer should be spatially - variant and globally coherent . therefore , our algorithm optimizes a local linear model for color transfer ←
→ quantifying mental health from social media with neural user embeddings ; mental illnesses adversely affect a significant proportion of the population worldwide . however , the methods traditionally used for estimating and characterizing the prevalence of mental health conditions are time - consuming and expensive . consequently , best - available estimates concerning the prevalence of mental health conditions are often years out of date . automated approaches to supplement these survey methods with broad , aggregate ←
→ generating descriptions with grounded and co - referenced people ; learning how to generate descriptions of images or videos received major interest both in the computer vision and natural language processing communities . while a few works have proposed to learn a grounding during the generation process in an unsupervised way ( via an attention mechanism ), it remains unclear how good the quality of the grounding is and whether it benefits the description quality . in this work we propose a movie description mod ←
→ temporal scale selection in time - causal scale space ; when designing and developing scale selection mechanisms for generating hypotheses about characteristic scales in signals , it is essential that the selected scale levels reflect the extent of the underlying structures in the signal . this paper presents a theory and in - depth theoretical analysis about the scale selection properties of methods for automatically selecting local temporal scales in time - dependent signals based on local extrema over temporal ←
→ towards around - device interaction using corneal imaging ; around - device interaction techniques aim at extending the input space using various sensing modalities on mobile and wearable devices . in this paper , we present our work towards extending the input area of mobile devices using front - facing device - centered cameras that capture reflections in the human eye . as current generation mobile devices lack high resolution front - facing cameras we study the feasibility of around - device interaction using corneal ←
→ weightless neural network parameters and architecture selection in a quantum computer ; training artificial neural networks requires a tedious empirical evaluation to determine a suitable neural network architecture . to avoid this empirical process several techniques have been proposed to automatise the architecture selection process . in this paper , we propose a method to perform parameter and architecture selection for a quantum weightless neural network ( qwnn ). the architecture selection is performed th ←
→ time series classification using the hidden - unit logistic model ; we present a new model for time series classification , called the hidden - unit logistic model , that uses binary stochastic hidden units to model latent structure in the data . the hidden units are connected in a chain structure that models temporal dependencies in the data . compared to the prior models for time series classification such as the hidden conditional random field , our model can model very complex decision boundaries because the num ←
→ named entity evolution analysis on wikipedia ; accessing web archives raises a number of issues caused by their temporal characteristics . additional knowledge is needed to find and understand older texts . especially entities mentioned in texts are subject to change . most severe in terms of information retrieval are name changes . in order to find entities that have changed their name over time , search engines need to be aware of this evolution . we tackle this problem by analyzing wikipedia in terms of entity ←
→ one - shot concept learning by simulating evolutionary instinct development ; object recognition has become a crucial part of machine learning and computer vision recently . the current approach to object recognition involves deep learning and uses convolutional neural networks to learn the pixel patterns of the objects implicitly through backpropagation . however , cnns require thousands of examples in order to generalize successfully and often require heavy computing resources for training . this is considere ←
→ spatially - adaptive reconstruction in computed tomography using neural networks ; we propose a supervised machine learning approach for boosting existing signal and image recovery methods and demonstrate its efficacy on example of image reconstruction in computed tomography . our technique is based on a local nonlinear fusion of several image estimates , all obtained by applying a chosen reconstruction algorithm with different values of its control parameters . usually such output images have different bias / v ←
→ learning transferable architectures for scalable image recognition ; developing neural network image classification models often requires significant architecture engineering . in this paper , we attempt to automate this engineering process by learning the model architectures directly on the dataset of interest . as this approach is expensive when the dataset is large , we propose to search for an architectural building block on a small dataset and then transfer the block to a larger dataset . our key contributi ←
→ end - to - end convolutional network for saliency prediction ; the prediction of saliency areas in images has been traditionally addressed with hand crafted features based on neuroscience principles . this paper however addresses the problem with a completely data - driven approach by training a convolutional network . the learning process is formulated as a minimization of a loss function that measures the euclidean distance of the predicted saliency map with the provided ground truth . the recent publication of la ←
→ paraconsistency and word puzzles ; word puzzles and the problem of their representations in logic languages have received considerable attention in the last decade ( ponnuru et al . 2004 ; shapiro 2011 ; baral and dzifcak 2012 ; schwitter 2013 ). of special interest is the problem of generating such representations directly from natural language ( nl ) or controlled natural language ( cnl ). an interesting variation of this problem , and to the best of our knowledge , scarcely explored variation in this context , is whe ←
→ robust blind deconvolution via mirror descent ; we revisit the blind deconvolution problem with a focus on understanding its robustness and convergence properties . provable robustness to noise and other perturbations is receiving recent interest in vision , from obtaining immunity to adversarial attacks to assessing and describing failure modes of algorithms in mission critical applications . further , many blind deconvolution methods based on deep architectures internally make use of or optimize the basic for ←
→ intuitions about ordered beliefs leading to probabilistic models ; the general use of subjective probabilities to model belief has been justified using many axiomatic schemes . for example , ? consistent betting behavior ' arguments are well - known . to those not already convinced of the unique fitness and generality of probability models , such justifications are often unconvincing . the present paper explores another rationale for probability models . ? qualitative probability ,' which is known to provide stringent ←
→ concept drift detection and adaptation with hierarchical hypothesis testing ; in a streaming environment , there is often a need for statistical prediction models to detect and adapt to concept drifts ( i . e ., changes in the joint distribution between predictor and response variables ) so as to mitigate deteriorating predictive performance over time . various concept drift detection approaches have been proposed in the past decades . however , they do not perform well across different concept drift types ( e . g ., ←
→ neural fine - grained entity type classification with hierarchy - aware loss ; the task of fine - grained entity type classification ( fetc ) consists of assigning types from a hierarchy to entity mentions in text . the state - of - the - art relies on distant supervision and is susceptible to noisy labels that can be out - of - context or overly - specific relative to the training example . previous methods that attempt to address this issue do so with hand - crafted features . also , previous work solve fetc a multi - label classif ←
→ liver lesion segmentation informed by joint liver segmentation ; we propose a model for the joint segmentation of the liver and liver lesions in computed tomography ( ct ) volumes . we build the model from two fully convolutional networks , connected in tandem and trained together end - to - end . we evaluate our approach on the 2017 miccai liver tumour segmentation challenge , attaining competitive liver and liver lesion detection and segmentation scores across a wide range of metrics . unlike other top performing me ←
→ fisher gan ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) are powerful models for learning complex distributions . stable training of gans has been addressed in many recent works which explore different metrics between distributions . in this paper we introduce fisher gan which fits within the integral probability metrics ( ipm ) framework for training gans . fisher gan defines a critic with a data dependent constraint on its second order moments . we show in this paper that fisher gan allows for stable and time effici ←
→ scan : learning abstract hierarchical compositional visual concepts ; the natural world is infinitely diverse , yet this diversity arises from a relatively small set of coherent properties and rules , such as the laws of physics or chemistry . we conjecture that biological intelligent systems are able to survive within their diverse environments by discovering the regularities that arise from these rules primarily through unsupervised experiences , and representing this knowledge as abstract concepts . such repre ←
→ sdf - gan : semi - supervised depth fusion with multi - scale adversarial networks ; fusing disparity maps from different algorithms to exploit their complementary advantages is still challenging . uncertainty estimation and complex disparity relationships between neighboring pixels limit the accuracy and robustness of the existing methods and there is no common method for depth fusion of different kind of data . in this paper , we introduce a method to incorporate supplementary information ( intensity , gradient con ←
→ sparse image representation by discrete cosine / spline based dictionaries ; mixed dictionaries generated by cosine and b - spline functions are considered . it is shown that , by highly nonlinear approaches such as orthogonal matching pursuit , the discrete version of the proposed dictionaries yields a significant gain in the sparsity of an image representation .←
→ a memcomputing pascaline ; the original pascaline was a mechanical calculator able to sum and subtract integers . it encodes information in the angles of mechanical wheels and through a set of gears , and aided by gravity , could perform the calculations . here , we show that such a concept can be realized in electronics using memory elements such as memristive systems . by using memristive emulators we have demonstrated experimentally the memcomputing version of the mechanical pascaline , capable of processing an ←
→ edge - exchangeable graphs and sparsity ( nips 2016 ) ; many popular network models rely on the assumption of ( vertex ) exchangeability , in which the distribution of the graph is invariant to relabelings of the vertices . however , the aldous - hoover theorem guarantees that these graphs are dense or empty with probability one , whereas many real - world graphs are sparse . we present an alternative notion of exchangeability for random graphs , which we call edge exchangeability , in which the distribution of a graph sequ ←
→ deep uq : learning deep neural network surrogate models for high dimensional uncertainty quantification ; state - of - the - art computer codes for simulating real physical systems are often characterized by a vast number of input parameters . performing uncertainty quantification ( uq ) tasks with monte carlo ( mc ) methods is almost always infeasible because of the need to perform hundreds of thousands or even millions of forward model evaluations in order to obtain convergent statistics . one , thus , tries to constr ←
→ a survey of appearance models in visual object tracking ; visual object tracking is a significant computer vision task which can be applied to many domains such as visual surveillance , human computer interaction , and video compression . in the literature , researchers have proposed a variety of 2d appearance models . to help readers swiftly learn the recent advances in 2d appearance models for visual object tracking , we contribute this survey , which provides a detailed review of the existing 2d appearance mode ←
→ efficient point - to - subspace query in $\ ell ^ 1 $: theory and applications in computer vision ; motivated by vision tasks such as robust face and object recognition , we consider the following general problem : given a collection of low - dimensional linear subspaces in a high - dimensional ambient ( image ) space and a query point ( image ), efficiently determine the nearest subspace to the query in $\ ell ^ 1 $ distance . we show in theory that cauchy random embedding of the objects into significantly - lower - dimensional sp ←
→ solving set constraint satisfaction problems using robdds ; in this paper we present a new approach to modeling finite set domain constraint problems using reduced ordered binary decision diagrams ( robdds ). we show that it is possible to construct an efficient set domain propagator which compactly represents many set domains and set constraints using robdds . we demonstrate that the robdd - based approach provides unprecedented flexibility in modeling constraint satisfaction problems , leading to performance im ←
→ estimating continuous distributions in bayesian classifiers ; when modeling a probability distribution with a bayesian network , we are faced with the problem of how to handle continuous variables . most previous work has either solved the problem by discretizing , or assumed that the data are generated by a single gaussian . in this paper we abandon the normality assumption and instead use statistical methods for nonparametric density estimation . for a naive bayesian classifier , we present experimental results ←
→ a real - time hand gesture recognition and human - computer interaction system ; in this project , we design a real - time human - computer interaction system based on hand gesture . the whole system consists of three components : hand detection , gesture recognition and human - computer interaction ( hci ) based on recognition ; and realizes the robust control of mouse and keyboard events with a higher accuracy of gesture recognition . specifically , we use the convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to recognize gestures and m ←
→ what is ( missing or wrong ) in the scene ? a hybrid deep boltzmann machine for contextualized scene modeling ; scene models allow robots to reason about what is in the scene , what else should be in it , and what should not be in it . in this paper , we propose a hybrid boltzmann machine ( bm ) for scene modeling where relations between objects are integrated . to be able to do that , we extend bm to include tri - way edges between visible ( object ) nodes and make the network to share the relations across different ob ←
→ deconvolving images with unknown boundaries using the alternating direction method of multipliers ; the alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ) has recently sparked interest as a flexible and efficient optimization tool for imaging inverse problems , namely deconvolution and reconstruction under non - smooth convex regularization . admm achieves state - of - the - art speed by adopting a divide and conquer strategy , wherein a hard problem is split into simpler , efficiently solvable sub - problems ( e . g ., us ←
→ artificial intelligence markup language : a brief tutorial ; the purpose of this paper is to serve as a reference guide for the development of chatterbots implemented with the aiml language . in order to achieve this , the main concepts in pattern recognition area are described because the aiml uses such theoretical framework in their syntactic and semantic structures . after that , aiml language is described and each aiml command / tag is followed by an application example . also , the usage of aiml embedded tags f ←
→ paying more attention to attention : improving the performance of convolutional neural networks via attention transfer ; attention plays a critical role in human visual experience . furthermore , it has recently been demonstrated that attention can also play an important role in the context of applying artificial neural networks to a variety of tasks from fields such as computer vision and nlp . in this work we show that , by properly defining attention for convolutional neural networks , we can actually use th ←
→ detecting english writing styles for non native speakers ; this paper presents the first attempt , up to our knowledge , to classify english writing styles on this scale with the challenge of classifying day to day language written by writers with different backgrounds covering various areas of topics . the paper proposes simple machine learning algorithms and simple to generate features to solve hard problems . relying on the scale of the data available from large sources of knowledge like wikipedia . we believe ←
→ scalable iterative algorithm for robust subspace clustering ; subspace clustering ( sc ) is a popular method for dimensionality reduction of high - dimensional data , where it generalizes principal component analysis ( pca ). recently , several methods have been proposed to enhance the robustness of pca and sc , while most of them are computationally very expensive , in particular , for high dimensional large - scale data . in this paper , we develop much faster iterative algorithms for sc , incorporating robustness using ←
→ searching for globally optimal functional forms for inter - atomic potentials using parallel tempering and genetic programming ; we develop a genetic programming - based methodology that enables discovery of novel functional forms for classical inter - atomic force - fields , used in molecular dynamics simulations . unlike previous efforts in the field , that fit only the parameters to the fixed functional forms , we instead use a novel algorithm to search the space of many possible functional forms . while a follow - o ←
→ linear optimal low rank projection for high - dimensional multi - class data ; classifying samples into categories becomes intractable when a single sample can have millions to billions of features , such as in genetics or imaging data . principal components analysis ( pca ) is widely used to identify a low - dimensional representation of such features for further analysis . however , pca ignores class labels , such as whether or not a subject has cancer , thereby discarding information that could substantially improve d ←
→ towards cognitive exploration through deep reinforcement learning for mobile robots ; exploration in an unknown environment is the core functionality for mobile robots . learning - based exploration methods , including convolutional neural networks , provide excellent strategies without human - designed logic for the feature extraction . but the conventional supervised learning algorithms cost lots of efforts on the labeling work of datasets inevitably . scenes not included in the training set are mostly unrecogni ←
→ localized iterative methods for interpolation in graph structured data ; in this paper , we present two localized graph filtering based methods for interpolating graph signals defined on the vertices of arbitrary graphs from only a partial set of samples . the first method is an extension of previous work on reconstructing bandlimited graph signals from partially observed samples . the iterative graph filtering approach very closely approximates the solution proposed in the that work , while being computational ←
→ actions in the eye : dynamic gaze datasets and learnt saliency models for visual recognition ; systems based on bag - of - words models from image features collected at maxima of sparse interest point operators have been used successfully for both computer visual object and action recognition tasks . while the sparse , interest - point based approach to recognition is not inconsistent with visual processing in biological systems that operate in ` saccade and fixate ' regimes , the methodology and emphasis in the huma ←
→ learning with bounded instance - and label - dependent label noise ; instance - and label - dependent label noise ( iln ) is widely existed in real - world datasets but has been rarely studied . in this paper , we focus on a particular case of iln where the label noise rates , representing the probabilities that the true labels of examples flip into the corrupted labels , have upper bounds . we propose to handle this bounded instance - and label - dependent label noise under two different conditions . first , theoretically , we ←
→ a survey of classification techniques in the area of big data ; big data concern large - volume , growing data sets that are complex and have multiple autonomous sources . earlier technologies were not able to handle storage and processing of huge data thus big data concept comes into existence . this is a tedious job for users unstructured data . so , there should be some mechanism which classify unstructured data into organized form which helps user to easily access required data . classification techniques over ←
→ is spiking logic the route to memristor - based computers ? ; memristors have been suggested as a novel route to neuromorphic computing based on the similarity between neurons ( synapses and ion pumps ) and memristors . the d . c . action of the memristor is a current spike , which we think will be fruitful for building memristor computers . in this paper , we introduce 4 different logical assignations to implement sequential logic in the memristor and introduce the physical rules , summation , ` bounce - back ', directional ←
→ tight error bounds for structured prediction ; structured prediction tasks in machine learning involve the simultaneous prediction of multiple labels . this is typically done by maximizing a score function on the space of labels , which decomposes as a sum of pairwise elements , each depending on two specific labels . intuitively , the more pairwise terms are used , the better the expected accuracy . however , there is currently no theoretical account of this intuition . this paper takes a significant step in this d ←
→ elimination of specular reflection and identification of roi : the first step in automated detection of cervical cancer using digital colposcopy ; cervical cancer is one of the most common forms of cancer in women worldwide . most cases of cervical cancer can be prevented through screening programs aimed at detecting precancerous lesions . during digital colposcopy , specular reflections ( sr ) appear as bright spots heavily saturated with white light . these occur due to the presence of moisture on the uneven c ←
→ eigengp : gaussian process models with adaptive eigenfunctions ; gaussian processes ( gps ) provide a nonparametric representation of functions . however , classical gp inference suffers from high computational cost for big data . in this paper , we propose a new bayesian approach , eigengp , that learns both basis dictionary elements -- eigenfunctions of a gp prior -- and prior precisions in a sparse finite model . it is well known that , among all orthogonal basis functions , eigenfunctions can provide the most compact r ←
→ compiling relational database schemata into probabilistic graphical models ; instead of requiring a domain expert to specify the probabilistic dependencies of the data , in this work we present an approach that uses the relational db schema to automatically construct a bayesian graphical model for a database . this resulting model contains customized distributions for columns , latent variables that cluster the data , and factors that reflect and represent the foreign key links . experiments demonstrate the ac ←
→ understanding trainable sparse coding via matrix factorization ; sparse coding is a core building block in many data analysis and machine learning pipelines . typically it is solved by relying on generic optimization techniques , that are optimal in the class of first - order methods for non - smooth , convex functions , such as the iterative soft thresholding algorithm and its accelerated version ( ista , fista ). however , these methods don ' t exploit the particular structure of the problem at hand nor the input data ←
→ learning non - parametric markov networks with mutual information ; we propose a method for learning markov network structures for continuous data without invoking any assumptions about the distribution of the variables . the method makes use of previous work on a non - parametric estimator for mutual information which is used to create a non - parametric test for multivariate conditional independence . this independence test is then combined with an efficient constraint - based algorithm for learning the graph struc ←
→ generalized topic modeling ; recently there has been significant activity in developing algorithms with provable guarantees for topic modeling . in standard topic models , a topic ( such as sports , business , or politics ) is viewed as a probability distribution $\ vec a_i $ over words , and a document is generated by first selecting a mixture $\ vec w $ over topics , and then generating words i . i . d . from the associated mixture $ a {\ vec w }$. given a large collection of such documents , the goal is to recover the topic v ←
→ powerplay : training an increasingly general problem solver by continually searching for the simplest still unsolvable problem ; most of computer science focuses on automatically solving given computational problems . i focus on automatically inventing or discovering problems in a way inspired by the playful behavior of animals and humans , to train a more and more general problem solver from scratch in an unsupervised fashion . consider the infinite set of all computable descriptions of tasks with possibly c ←
→ argumentation - based security for social good ; the increase of connectivity and the impact it has in every day life is raising new and existing security problems that are becoming important for social good . we introduce two particular problems : cyber attack attribution and regulatory data sharing . for both problems , decisions about which rules to apply , should be taken under incomplete and context dependent information . the solution we propose is based on argumentation reasoning , that is a well suited techn ←
→ evaluating semantic models with word - sentence relatedness ; semantic textual similarity ( sts ) systems are designed to encode and evaluate the semantic similarity between words , phrases , sentences , and documents . one method for assessing the quality or authenticity of semantic information encoded in these systems is by comparison with human judgments . a data set for evaluating semantic models was developed consisting of 775 english word - sentence pairs , each annotated for semantic relatedness by human raters ←
→ detection and segmentation of the left ventricle in cardiac mri using deep learning ; manual segmentation of the left ventricle ( lv ) is a tedious and meticulous task that can vary depending on the patient , the magnetic resonance images ( mri ) cuts and the experts . still today , we consider manual delineation done by experts as being the ground truth for cardiac diagnosticians . thus , we are reviewing the paper - written by avendi and al . - who presents a combined approach with convolutional neural networks , ←
→ a unified framework for representation - based subspace clustering of out - of - sample and large - scale data ; under the framework of spectral clustering , the key of subspace clustering is building a similarity graph which describes the neighborhood relations among data points . some recent works build the graph using sparse , low - rank , and $\ ell_2 $- norm - based representation , and have achieved state - of - the - art performance . however , these methods have suffered from the following two limitations . first , the time co ←
→ sub - optimum signal linear detector using wavelets and support vector machines ; the problem of known signal detection in additive white gaussian noise is considered . in previous work , a new detection scheme was introduced by the authors , and it was demonstrated that optimum performance cannot be reached in a real implementation . in this paper we analyse support vector machines ( svm ) as an alternative , evaluating the results in terms of probability of detection curves for a fixed probability of false alarm ←
→ a comparative study of fairness - enhancing interventions in machine learning ; computers are increasingly used to make decisions that have significant impact in people ' s lives . often , these predictions can affect different population subgroups disproportionately . as a result , the issue of fairness has received much recent interest , and a number of fairness - enhanced classifiers and predictors have appeared in the literature . this paper seeks to study the following questions : how do these different technique ←
→ birdnest : bayesian inference for ratings - fraud detection ; review fraud is a pervasive problem in online commerce , in which fraudulent sellers write or purchase fake reviews to manipulate perception of their products and services . fake reviews are often detected based on several signs , including 1 ) they occur in short bursts of time ; 2 ) fraudulent user accounts have skewed rating distributions . however , these may both be true in any given dataset . hence , in this paper , we propose an approach for detecting f ←
→ a low - rank tensor regularization strategy for hyperspectral unmixing ; tensor - based methods have recently emerged as a more natural and effective formulation to address many problems in hyperspectral imaging . in hyperspectral unmixing ( hu ), low - rank constraints on the abundance maps have been shown to act as a regularization which adequately accounts for the multidimensional structure of the underlying signal . however , imposing a strict low - rank constraint for the abundance maps does not seem to be adequate ←
→ twiinsight : discovering topics and sentiments from social media datasets ; social media platforms contain a great wealth of information which provides opportunities for us to explore hidden patterns or unknown correlations , and understand people ' s satisfaction with what they are discussing . as one showcase , in this paper , we present a system , twiinsight which explores the insight of twitter data . different from other twitter analysis systems , twiinsight automatically extracts the popular topics under differ ←
→ simple black - box adversarial perturbations for deep networks ; deep neural networks are powerful and popular learning models that achieve state - of - the - art pattern recognition performance on many computer vision , speech , and language processing tasks . however , these networks have also been shown susceptible to carefully crafted adversarial perturbations which force misclassification of the inputs . adversarial examples enable adversaries to subvert the expected system behavior leading to undesired consequence ←
→ variational recurrent neural machine translation ; partially inspired by successful applications of variational recurrent neural networks , we propose a novel variational recurrent neural machine translation ( vrnmt ) model in this paper . different from the variational nmt , vrnmt introduces a series of latent random variables to model the translation procedure of a sentence in a generative way , instead of a single latent variable . specifically , the latent random variables are included into the hidden states of ←
→ bethe learning of conditional random fields via map decoding ; many machine learning tasks can be formulated in terms of predicting structured outputs . in frameworks such as the structured support vector machine ( svm - struct ) and the structured perceptron , discriminative functions are learned by iteratively applying efficient maximum a posteriori ( map ) decoding . however , maximum likelihood estimation ( mle ) of probabilistic models over these same structured spaces requires computing partition functions , which ←
→ simple and effective multi - paragraph reading comprehension ; we consider the problem of adapting neural paragraph - level question answering models to the case where entire documents are given as input . our proposed solution trains models to produce well calibrated confidence scores for their results on individual paragraphs . we sample multiple paragraphs from the documents during training , and use a shared - normalization training objective that encourages the model to produce globally correct output . we combi ←
→ training input - output recurrent neural networks through spectral methods ; we consider the problem of training input - output recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) for sequence labeling tasks . we propose a novel spectral approach for learning the network parameters . it is based on decomposition of the cross - moment tensor between the output and a non - linear transformation of the input , based on score functions . we guarantee consistent learning with polynomial sample and computational complexity under transparent con ←
→ a probabilistic modeling approach to hearing loss compensation ; hearing aid ( ha ) algorithms need to be tuned (" fitted ") to match the impairment of each specific patient . the lack of a fundamental ha fitting theory is a strong contributing factor to an unsatisfying sound experience for about 20 % of hearing aid patients . this paper proposes a probabilistic modeling approach to the design of ha algorithms . the proposed method relies on a generative probabilistic model for the hearing loss problem and provides ←
→ what weights work for you ? adapting weights for any pareto front shape in decomposition - based evolutionary multi - objective optimisation ; the quality of solution sets generated by decomposition - based evolutionary multiobjective optimisation ( emo ) algorithms depends heavily on the consistency between a given problem ' s pareto front shape and the specified weights ' distribution . a set of weights distributed uniformly in a simplex often lead to a set of well - distributed solutions on a pareto front with a simp ←
→ language asp { f } with arithmetic expressions and consistency - restoring rules ; in this paper we continue the work on our extension of answer set programming by non - herbrand functions and add to the language support for arithmetic expressions and various inequality relations over non - herbrand functions , as well as consistency - restoring rules from cr - prolog . we demonstrate the use of this latest version of the language in the representation of important kinds of knowledge .←
→ constructive decision theory ; in most contemporary approaches to decision making , a decision problem is described by a sets of states and set of outcomes , and a rich set of acts , which are functions from states to outcomes over which the decision maker ( dm ) has preferences . most interesting decision problems , however , do not come with a state space and an outcome space . indeed , in complex problems it is often far from clear what the state and outcome spaces would be . we present an alternative foundation fo ←
→ fortia - fbk at semeval - 2017 task 5 : bullish or bearish ? inferring sentiment towards brands from financial news headlines ; in this paper , we describe a methodology to infer bullish or bearish sentiment towards companies / brands . more specifically , our approach leverages affective lexica and word embeddings in combination with convolutional neural networks to infer the sentiment of financial news headlines towards a target company . such architecture was used and evaluated in the context of the semeval 2017 c ←
→ structure and problem hardness : goal asymmetry and dpll proofs in < br > sat - based planning ; in verification and in ( optimal ) ai planning , a successful method is to formulate the application as boolean satisfiability ( sat ), and solve it with state - of - the - art dpll - based procedures . there is a lack of understanding of why this works so well . focussing on the planning context , we identify a form of problem structure concerned with the symmetrical or asymmetrical nature of the cost of achieving the individual p ←
→ mscm - life : multi - scale cross modal linear feature for horizon detection in maritime images ; this paper proposes a new method for horizon detection called the multi - scale cross modal linear feature . this method integrates three different concepts related to the presence of horizon in maritime images to increase the accuracy of horizon detection . specifically it uses the persistence of horizon in multi - scale median filtering , and its detection as a linear feature commonly detected by two different methods ,←
→ a plug & play p300 bci using information geometry ; this paper presents a new classification methods for event related potentials ( erp ) based on an information geometry framework . through a new estimation of covariance matrices , this work extend the use of riemannian geometry , which was previously limited to smr - based bci , to the problem of classification of erps . as compared to the state - of - the - art , this new method increases performance , reduces the number of data needed for the calibration and features good ←
→ object detection using keygraphs ; we propose a new framework for object detection based on a generalization of the keypoint correspondence framework . this framework is based on replacing keypoints by keygraphs , i . e . isomorph directed graphs whose vertices are keypoints , in order to explore relative and structural information . unlike similar works in the literature , we deal directly with graphs in the entire pipeline : we search for graph correspondences instead of searching for individual point corresponden ←
→ on introspection , metacognitive control and augmented data mining live cycles ; we discuss metacognitive modelling as an enhancement to cognitive modelling and computing . metacognitive control mechanisms should enable ai systems to self - reflect , reason about their actions , and to adapt to new situations . in this respect , we propose implementation details of a knowledge taxonomy and an augmented data mining life cycle which supports a live integration of obtained models .←
→ predicting the energy output of wind farms based on weather data : important variables and their correlation ; wind energy plays an increasing role in the supply of energy world - wide . the energy output of a wind farm is highly dependent on the weather condition present at the wind farm . if the output can be predicted more accurately , energy suppliers can coordinate the collaborative production of different energy sources more efficiently to avoid costly overproductions . with this paper , we take a compute ←
→ where classification fails , interpretation rises ; an intriguing property of deep neural networks is their inherent vulnerability to adversarial inputs , which significantly hinders their application in security - critical domains . most existing detection methods attempt to use carefully engineered patterns to distinguish adversarial inputs from their genuine counterparts , which however can often be circumvented by adaptive adversaries . in this work , we take a completely different route by leveraging the defin ←
→ pac - bayesian margin bounds for convolutional neural networks - technical report ; recently the generalisation error of deep neural networks has been analysed through the pac - bayesian framework , for the case of fully connected layers . we adapt this approach to the convolutional setting .←
→ enaction - based artificial intelligence : toward coevolution with humans in the loop ; this article deals with the links between the enaction paradigm and artificial intelligence . enaction is considered a metaphor for artificial intelligence , as a number of the notions which it deals with are deemed incompatible with the phenomenal field of the virtual . after explaining this stance , we shall review previous works regarding this issue in terms of artifical life and robotics . we shall focus on the lack of rec ←
→ efficient use of limited - memory accelerators for linear learning on heterogeneous systems ; we propose a generic algorithmic building block to accelerate training of machine learning models on heterogeneous compute systems . our scheme allows to efficiently employ compute accelerators such as gpus and fpgas for the training of large - scale machine learning models , when the training data exceeds their memory capacity . also , it provides adaptivity to any system ' s memory hierarchy in terms of size and processi ←
→ review networks for caption generation ; we propose a novel extension of the encoder - decoder framework , called a review network . the review network is generic and can enhance any existing encoder - decoder model : in this paper , we consider rnn decoders with both cnn and rnn encoders . the review network performs a number of review steps with attention mechanism on the encoder hidden states , and outputs a thought vector after each review step ; the thought vectors are used as the input of the attention mechanis ←
→ is second - order information helpful for large - scale visual recognition ? ; by stacking layers of convolution and nonlinearity , convolutional networks ( convnets ) effectively learn from low - level to high - level features and discriminative representations . since the end goal of large - scale recognition is to delineate complex boundaries of thousands of classes , adequate exploration of feature distributions is important for realizing full potentials of convnets . however , state - of - the - art works concentrate only on ←
→ visual speech recognition using pca networks and lstms in a tandem gmm - hmm system ; automatic visual speech recognition is an interesting problem in pattern recognition especially when audio data is noisy or not readily available . it is also a very challenging task mainly because of the lower amount of information in the visual articulations compared to the audible utterance . in this work , principle component analysis is applied to the image patches - extracted from the video data - to learn the weights o ←
→ software engineers vs . machine learning algorithms : an empirical study assessing performance and reuse tasks ; several papers have recently contained reports on applying machine learning ( ml ) to the automation of software engineering ( se ) tasks , such as project management , modeling and development . however , there appear to be no approaches comparing how software engineers fare against machine - learning algorithms as applied to specific software development tasks . such a comparison is essential to gain insi ←
→ segmentation free object discovery in video ; in this paper we present a simple yet effective approach to extend without supervision any object proposal from static images to videos . unlike previous methods , these spatio - temporal proposals , to which we refer as tracks , are generated relying on little or no visual content by only exploiting bounding boxes spatial correlations through time . the tracks that we obtain are likely to represent objects and are a general - purpose tool to represent meaningful video c ←
→ pareto efficient multi objective optimization for local tuning of analogy based estimation ; analogy based effort estimation ( abe ) is one of the prominent methods for software effort estimation . the fundamental concept of abe is closer to the mentality of expert estimation but with an automated procedure in which the final estimate is generated by reusing similar historical projects . the main key issue when using abe is how to adapt the effort of the retrieved nearest neighbors . the adaptation process is ←
→ discriminating between nasal and mouth breathing ; the recommendation to change breathing patterns from the mouth to the nose can have a significantly positive impact upon the general well being of the individual . we classify nasal and mouth breathing by using an acoustic sensor and intelligent signal processing techniques . the overall purpose is to investigate the possibility of identifying the differences in patterns between nasal and mouth breathing in order to integrate this information into a decision ←
→ action unit detection with region adaptation , multi - labeling learning and optimal temporal fusing ; action unit ( au ) detection becomes essential for facial analysis . many proposed approaches face challenging problems in dealing with the alignments of different face regions , in the effective fusion of temporal information , and in training a model for multiple au labels . to better address these problems , we propose a deep learning framework for au detection with region of interest ( roi ) adaptation , integrat ←
→ saliency maps on image hierarchies ; in this paper we propose two saliency models for salient object segmentation based on a hierarchical image segmentation , a tree - like structure that represents regions at different scales from the details to the whole image ( e . g . gpb - ucm , bpt ). the first model is based on a hierarchy of image partitions . the saliency at each level is computed on a region basis , taking into account the contrast between regions . the maps obtained for the different partitions are then integr ←
→ attenuation correction for brain pet imaging using deep neural network based on dixon and zte mr images ; positron emission tomography ( pet ) is a functional imaging modality widely used in neuroscience studies . to obtain meaningful quantitative results from pet images , attenuation correction is necessary during image reconstruction . for pet / mr hybrid systems , pet attenuation is challenging as magnetic resonance ( mr ) images do not reflect attenuation coefficients directly . to address this issue , we present ←
→ multiple - human parsing in the wild ; human parsing is attracting increasing research attention . in this work , we aim to push the frontier of human parsing by introducing the problem of multi - human parsing in the wild . existing works on human parsing mainly tackle single - person scenarios , which deviates from real - world applications where multiple persons are present simultaneously with interaction and occlusion . to address the multi - human parsing problem , we introduce a new multi - human parsing ( mhp ) dataset ←
→ accelerated gradient temporal difference learning ; the family of temporal difference ( td ) methods span a spectrum from computationally frugal linear methods like td ({\ lambda }) to data efficient least squares methods . least square methods make the best use of available data directly computing the td solution and thus do not require tuning a typically highly sensitive learning rate parameter , but require quadratic computation and storage . recent algorithmic developments have yielded several sub - quadratic met ←
→ latent constraints : learning to generate conditionally from unconditional generative models ; deep generative neural networks have proven effective at both conditional and unconditional modeling of complex data distributions . conditional generation enables interactive control , but creating new controls often requires expensive retraining . in this paper , we develop a method to condition generation without retraining the model . by post - hoc learning latent constraints , value functions that identify regions i ←
→ vector quantization using the improved differential evolution algorithm for image compression ; vector quantization , vq is a popular image compression technique with a simple decoding architecture and high compression ratio . codebook designing is the most essential part in vector quantization . lindebuzogray , lbg is a traditional method of generation of vq codebook which results in lower psnr value . a codebook affects the quality of image compression , so the choice of an appropriate codebook is a must . sev ←
→ enhanced lstm for natural language inference ; reasoning and inference are central to human and artificial intelligence . modeling inference in human language is very challenging . with the availability of large annotated data ( bowman et al ., 2015 ), it has recently become feasible to train neural network based inference models , which have shown to be very effective . in this paper , we present a new state - of - the - art result , achieving the accuracy of 88 . 6 % on the stanford natural language inference dataset . unli ←
→ combining symbolic and numeric approaches to uncertainty management ; a complete approach to reasoning under uncertainty requires support for incremental and interactive formulation and revision of , as well as reasoning with , models of the problem domain capable of representing our uncertainty . we present a hybrid reasoning scheme which combines symbolic and numeric methods for uncertainty management to provide efficient and effective support for each of these tasks . the hybrid is based on symbolic techniqu ←
→ image segmentation based on the self - balancing mechanism in virtual 3d elastic mesh ; in this paper , a novel model of 3d elastic mesh is presented for image segmentation . the model is inspired by stress and strain in physical elastic objects , while the repulsive force and elastic force in the model are defined slightly different from the physical force to suit the segmentation problem well . the self - balancing mechanism in the model guarantees the stability of the method in segmentation . the shape of the e ←
→ an uncertainty management calculus for ordering searches in distributed dynamic databases ; minds is a distributed system of cooperating query engines that customize , document retrieval for each user in a dynamic environment . it improves its performance and adapts to changing patterns of document distribution by observing system - user interactions and modifying the appropriate certainty factors , which act as search control parameters . it argued here that the uncertainty management calculus must account for ←
→ learning binary latent variable models : a tensor eigenpair approach ; latent variable models with hidden binary units appear in various applications . learning such models , in particular in the presence of noise , is a challenging computational problem . in this paper we propose a novel spectral approach to this problem , based on the eigenvectors of both the second order moment matrix and third order moment tensor of the observed data . we prove that under mild non - degeneracy conditions , our method consistently ←
→ a two - stage architecture for stock price forecasting by combining som and fuzzy - svm ; this paper proposed a model to predict the stock price based on combining self - organizing map ( som ) and fuzzy - support vector machines ( f - svm ). extraction of fuzzy rules from raw data based on the combining of statistical machine learning models is base of this proposed approach . in the proposed model , som is used as a clustering algorithm to partition the whole input space into the several disjoint regions . for each part ←
→ optimal algorithms for ridge and lasso regression with partially observed attributes ; we consider the most common variants of linear regression , including ridge , lasso and support - vector regression , in a setting where the learner is allowed to observe only a fixed number of attributes of each example at training time . we present simple and efficient algorithms for these problems : for lasso and ridge regression they need the same total number of attributes ( up to constants ) as do full - information algorith ←
→ spectral methods for nonparametric models ; nonparametric models are versatile , albeit computationally expensive , tool for modeling mixture models . in this paper , we introduce spectral methods for the two most popular nonparametric models : the indian buffet process ( ibp ) and the hierarchical dirichlet process ( hdp ). we show that using spectral methods for the inference of nonparametric models are computationally and statistically efficient . in particular , we derive the lower - order moments of the ibp and the ←
→ a self - tuning firefly algorithm to tune the parameters of ant colony system ( acsfa ) ; ant colony system ( acs ) is a promising approach which has been widely used in problems such as travelling salesman problems ( tsp ), job shop scheduling problems ( jsp ) and quadratic assignment problems ( qap ). in its original implementation , parameters of the algorithm were selected by trial and error approach . over the last few years , novel approaches have been proposed on adapting the parameters of acs in improving its pe ←
→ the reparameterization trick for acquisition functions ; bayesian optimization is a sample - efficient approach to solving global optimization problems . along with a surrogate model , this approach relies on theoretically motivated value heuristics ( acquisition functions ) to guide the search process . maximizing acquisition functions yields the best performance ; unfortunately , this ideal is difficult to achieve since optimizing acquisition functions per se is frequently non - trivial . this statement is especially ←
→ implementation of an innovative bio inspired ga and pso algorithm for controller design considering steam gt dynamics ; the application of bio inspired algorithms to complicated power system stability problems has recently attracted the researchers in the field of artificial intelligence . low frequency oscillations after a disturbance in a power system , if not sufficiently damped , can drive the system unstable . this paper provides a systematic procedure to damp the low frequency oscillations based on bio ←
→ design of an electro - hydraulic system using neuro - fuzzy techniques ; increasing demands in performance and quality make drive systems fundamental parts in the progressive automation of industrial processes . their conventional models become inappropriate and have limited scope if one requires a precise and fast performance . so , it is important to incorporate learning capabilities into drive systems in such a way that they improve their accuracy in realtime , becoming more autonomous agents with some degree of ←
→ finding shortest path for developed cognitive map using medial axis ; this paper presents an enhancement of the medial axis algorithm to be used for finding the optimal shortest path for developed cognitive map . the cognitive map has been developed , based on the architectural blueprint maps . the idea for using the medial - axis is to find main path central pixels ; each center pixel represents the center distance between two side boarder pixels . the need for these pixels in the algorithm comes from the need of ←
→ on ensuring that intelligent machines are well - behaved ; machine learning algorithms are everywhere , ranging from simple data analysis and pattern recognition tools used across the sciences to complex systems that achieve super - human performance on various tasks . ensuring that they are well - behaved --- that they do not , for example , cause harm to humans or act in a racist or sexist way --- is therefore not a hypothetical problem to be dealt with in the future , but a pressing one that we address here . we propose ←
→ driving style analysis using primitive driving patterns with bayesian nonparametric approaches ; analysis and recognition of driving styles are profoundly important to intelligent transportation and vehicle calibration . this paper presents a novel driving style analysis framework using the primitive driving patterns learned from naturalistic driving data . in order to achieve this , first , a bayesian nonparametric learning method based on a hidden semi - markov model ( hsmm ) is introduced to extract primitive ←
→ probabilistic network metrics : variational bayesian network centrality ; network metrics form a fundamental part of the network analysis toolbox . used to quantitatively measure different aspects of the network , these metrics can give insights into the underlying network structure and function . in this work , we connect network metrics to modern probabilistic machine learning . we focus on the centrality metric , which is used a wide variety of applications from web search to gene - analysis . first , we formulate ←
→ hardware - efficient on - line learning through pipelined truncated - error backpropagation in binary - state networks ; artificial neural networks ( anns ) trained using backpropagation are powerful learning architectures that have achieved state - of - the - art performance in various benchmarks . significant effort has been devoted to developing custom silicon devices to accelerate inference in anns . accelerating the training phase , however , has attracted relatively little attention . in this paper , we describe a hardwa ←
→ learning spatio - temporal features with partial expression sequences for on - the - fly prediction ; spatio - temporal feature encoding is essential for encoding facial expression dynamics in video sequences . at test time , most spatio - temporal encoding methods assume that a temporally segmented sequence is fed to a learned model , which could require the prediction to wait until the full sequence is available to an auxiliary task that performs the temporal segmentation . this causes a delay in predicting the expre ←
→ recognizing uncertainty in speech ; we address the problem of inferring a speaker ' s level of certainty based on prosodic information in the speech signal , which has application in speech - based dialogue systems . we show that using phrase - level prosodic features centered around the phrases causing uncertainty , in addition to utterance - level prosodic features , improves our model ' s level of certainty classification . in addition , our models can be used to predict which phrase a person is uncertain about . these r ←
→ automated matchmaking to improve accuracy of applicant selection for university education system ; the accurate applicant selection for university education is imperative to ensure fairness and optimal use of institutional resources . although various approaches are operational in tertiary educational institutions for selecting applicants , a novel method of automated matchmaking is explored in the current study . the method functions by matching a prospective students skills profile to a programmes requisit ←
→ is big data sufficient for a reliable detection of non - technical losses ? ; non - technical losses ( ntl ) occur during the distribution of electricity in power grids and include , but are not limited to , electricity theft and faulty meters . in emerging countries , they may range up to 40 % of the total electricity distributed . in order to detect ntls , machine learning methods are used that learn irregular consumption patterns from customer data and inspection results . the big data paradigm followed in modern machi ←
→ toward a new approach for massive lidar data processing ; laser scanning ( also known as light detection and ranging ) has been widely applied in various application . as part of that , aerial laser scanning ( als ) has been used to collect topographic data points for a large area , which triggers to million points to be acquired . furthermore , today , with integrating full wareform ( fwf ) technology during als data acquisition , all return information of laser pulse is stored . thus , als data are to be massive and com ←
→ statistical inverse formulation of optical flow with uncertainty quantification ; optical flow refers to the visual motion observed between two consecutive images . since the degree of freedom is typically much larger than the constraints imposed by the image observations , the straightforward formulation of optical flow inference is an ill - posed problem . by setting some type of additional " regularity " constraints , classical approaches formulate a well - posed optical flow inference problem in the form of a p ←
→ performance evaluation of wavelet scattering network in image texture classification in various color spaces ; texture plays an important role in many image analysis applications . in this paper , we give a performance evaluation of color texture classification by performing wavelet scattering network in various color spaces . experimental results on the kth_tips_col database show that opponent rgb based wavelet scattering network outperforms other color spaces . therefore , when dealing with the problem of co ←
→ learning temporal dependence from time - series data with latent variables ; we consider the setting where a collection of time series , modeled as random processes , evolve in a causal manner , and one is interested in learning the graph governing the relationships of these processes . a special case of wide interest and applicability is the setting where the noise is gaussian and relationships are markov and linear . we study this setting with two additional features : firstly , each random process has a hidden ( l ←
→ bayesian nonparametric models for ranked data ; we develop a bayesian nonparametric extension of the popular plackett - luce choice model that can handle an infinite number of choice items . our framework is based on the theory of random atomic measures , with the prior specified by a gamma process . we derive a posterior characterization and a simple and effective gibbs sampler for posterior simulation . we develop a time - varying extension of our model , and apply it to the new york times lists of weekly bestsell ←
→ paraphrasing complex network : network compression via factor transfer ; deep neural networks ( dnn ) have recently shown promising performances in various areas . although dnns are very powerful , a large number of network parameters requires substantial storage and memory bandwidth which hinders them from being applied to actual embedded systems . many researchers have sought ways of model compression to reduce the size of a network with minimal performance degradation . among them , a method called knowledge tra ←
→ minimalrnn : toward more interpretable and trainable recurrent neural networks ; we introduce minimalrnn , a new recurrent neural network architecture that achieves comparable performance as the popular gated rnns with a simplified structure . it employs minimal updates within rnn , which not only leads to efficient learning and testing but more importantly better interpretability and trainability . we demonstrate that by endorsing the more restrictive update rule , minimalrnn learns disentangled rnn states . we ←
→ collaborative discriminant locality preserving projections with its application to face recognition ; we present a novel discriminant locality preserving projections ( dlpp ) algorithm named collaborative discriminant locality preserving projection ( cdlpp ). in our algorithm , the discriminating power of dlpp are further exploited from two aspects . on the one hand , the global optimum of class scattering is guaranteed via using the between - class scatter matrix to replace the original denominator of dlpp . on th ←
→ predictive clinical decision support system with rnn encoding and tensor decoding ; with the introduction of the electric health records , large amounts of digital data become available for analysis and decision support . when physicians are prescribing treatments to a patient , they need to consider a large range of data variety and volume , making decisions increasingly complex . machine learning based clinical decision support systems can be a solution to the data challenges . in this work we focus on a clas ←
→ towards evaluation of cultural - scale claims in light of topic model sampling effects ; cultural - scale models of full text documents are prone to over - interpretation by researchers making unintentionally strong socio - linguistic claims ( pechenick et al ., 2015 ) without recognizing that even large digital libraries are merely samples of all the books ever produced . in this study , we test the sensitivity of the topic models to the sampling process by taking random samples of books in the hathi trust digital li ←
→ circulant temporal encoding for video retrieval and temporal alignment ; we address the problem of specific video event retrieval . given a query video of a specific event , e . g ., a concert of madonna , the goal is to retrieve other videos of the same event that temporally overlap with the query . our approach encodes the frame descriptors of a video to jointly represent their appearance and temporal order . it exploits the properties of circulant matrices to efficiently compare the videos in the frequency domai ←
→ robust global localization using clustered particle filtering ; global mobile robot localization is the problem of determining a robot ' s pose in an environment , using sensor data , when the starting position is unknown . a family of probabilistic algorithms known as monte carlo localization ( mcl ) is currently among the most popular methods for solving this problem . mcl algorithms represent a robot ' s belief by a set of weighted samples , which approximate the posterior probability of where the robot is located ←
→ ensemble of part detectors for simultaneous classification and localization ; part - based representation has been proven to be effective for a variety of visual applications . however , automatic discovery of discriminative parts without object / part - level annotations is challenging . this paper proposes a discriminative mid - level representation paradigm based on the responses of a collection of part detectors , which only requires the image - level labels . towards this goal , we first develop a detector - based spe ←
→ on using unsatisfiability for solving maximum satisfiability ; maximum satisfiability ( maxsat ) is a well - known optimization pro - blem , with several practical applications . the most widely known maxs at algorithms are ineffective at solving hard problems instances from practical application domains . recent work proposed using efficient boolean satisfiability ( sat ) solvers for solving the maxsat problem , based on identifying and eliminating unsatisfiable subformulas . however , these algorithms do not scale in ←
→( blue ) taxi destination and trip time prediction from partial trajectories ; real - time estimation of destination and travel time for taxis is of great importance for existing electronic dispatch systems . we present an approach based on trip matching and ensemble learning , in which we leverage the patterns observed in a dataset of roughly 1 . 7 million taxi journeys to predict the corresponding final destination and travel time for ongoing taxi trips , as a solution for the ecml / pkdd discovery challenge 2015 ←
→ an adaptive psychoacoustic model for automatic speech recognition ; compared with automatic speech recognition ( asr ), the human auditory system is more adept at handling noise - adverse situations , including environmental noise and channel distortion . to mimic this adeptness , auditory models have been widely incorporated in asr systems to improve their robustness . this paper proposes a novel auditory model which incorporates psychoacoustics and otoacoustic emissions ( oaes ) into asr . in particular , we successf ←
→ markov brains : a technical introduction ; markov brains are a class of evolvable artificial neural networks ( ann ). they differ from conventional anns in many aspects , but the key difference is that instead of a layered architecture , with each node performing the same function , markov brains are networks built from individual computational components . these computational components interact with each other , receive inputs from sensors , and control motor outputs . the function of the computational components , ←
→ modular multi - objective deep reinforcement learning with decision values ; in this work we present a method for using deep q - networks ( dqns ) in multi - objective environments . deep q - networks provide remarkable performance in single objective problems learning from high - level visual state representations . however , in many scenarios ( e . g in robotics , games ), the agent needs to pursue multiple objectives simultaneously . we propose an architecture in which separate dqns are used to control the agent ' s behaviour ←
→ extraction of projection profile , run - histogram and entropy features straight from run - length compressed text - documents ; document image analysis , like any digital image analysis requires identification and extraction of proper features , which are generally extracted from uncompressed images , though in reality images are made available in compressed form for the reasons such as transmission and storage efficiency . however , this implies that the compressed image should be decompressed , which indents additi ←
→ tell me why is it so ? explaining knowledge graph relationships by finding descriptive support passages ; we address the problem of finding descriptive explanations of facts stored in a knowledge graph . this is important in high - risk domains such as healthcare , intelligence , etc . where users need additional information for decision making and is especially crucial for applications that rely on automatically constructed knowledge bases where machine learned systems extract facts from an input corpus and wor ←
→ learning from sparse data by exploiting monotonicity constraints ; when training data is sparse , more domain knowledge must be incorporated into the learning algorithm in order to reduce the effective size of the hypothesis space . this paper builds on previous work in which knowledge about qualitative monotonicities was formally represented and incorporated into learning algorithms ( e . g ., clark & matwin ' s work with the cn2 rule learning algorithm ). we show how to interpret knowledge of qualitative influence ←
→ automatic emphysema detection using weakly labeled hrct lung images ; a method for automatically quantifying emphysema regions using high - resolution computed tomography ( hrct ) scans of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) that does not require manually annotated scans for training is presented . hrct scans of controls and of copd patients with diverse disease severity are acquired at two different centers . textural features from co - occurrence matrices and gaussian filter banks are used ←
→ block matching algorithm for motion estimation based on artificial bee colony ( abc ) ; block matching ( bm ) motion estimation plays a very important role in video coding . in a bm approach , image frames in a video sequence are divided into blocks . for each block in the current frame , the best matching block is identified inside a region of the previous frame , aiming to minimize the sum of absolute differences ( sad ). unfortunately , the sad evaluation is computationally expensive and represents the most consum ←
→ detailed surface geometry and albedo recovery from rgb - d video under natural illumination ; in this paper we present a novel approach for depth map enhancement from an rgb - d video sequence . the basic idea is to exploit the shading information in the color image . instead of making assumption about surface albedo or controlled object motion and lighting , we use the lighting variations introduced by casual object movement . we are effectively calculating photometric stereo from a moving object under natural i ←
→ stochastic video generation with a learned prior ; generating video frames that accurately predict future world states is challenging . existing approaches either fail to capture the full distribution of outcomes , or yield blurry generations , or both . in this paper we introduce an unsupervised video generation model that learns a prior model of uncertainty in a given environment . video frames are generated by drawing samples from this prior and combining them with a deterministic estimate of the future frame ←
→ many uses , many annotations for large speech corpora : switchboard and tdt as case studies ; this paper discusses the challenges that arise when large speech corpora receive an ever - broadening range of diverse and distinct annotations . two case studies of this process are presented : the switchboard corpus of telephone conversations and the tdt2 corpus of broadcast news . switchboard has undergone two independent transcriptions and various types of additional annotation , all carried out as separate projects ←
→ multiple range - restricted bidirectional gated recurrent units with attention for relation classification ; most of neural approaches to relation classification have focused on finding short patterns that represent the semantic relation using convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) and those approaches have generally achieved better performances than using recurrent neural networks ( rnns ). in a similar intuition to the cnn models , we propose a novel rnn - based model that strongly focuses on only important part ←
→ location of single neuron memories in a hebbian network ; this paper reports the results of an experiment on the use of kak ' s b - matrix approach to spreading activity in a hebbian neural network . specifically , it concentrates on the memory retrieval from single neurons and compares the performance of the b - matrix approach to that of the traditional approach .←
→ ethical artificial intelligence - an open question ; artificial intelligence ( ai ) is an effective science which employs strong enough approaches , methods , and techniques to solve unsolvable real world based problems . because of its unstoppable rise towards the future , there are also some discussions about its ethics and safety . shaping an ai friendly environment for people and a people friendly environment for ai can be a possible answer for finding a shared context of values for both humans and robots . in ←
→ implementation of deep learning algorithm for automatic detection of brain tumors using intraoperative ir - thermal mapping data ; the efficiency of deep machine learning for automatic delineation of tumor areas has been demonstrated for intraoperative neuronavigation using active ir - mapping with the use of the cold test . the proposed approach employs a matrix ir - imager to remotely register the space - time distribution of surface temperature pattern , which is determined by the dynamics of local cerebral bloo ←
→ the utility of abstaining in binary classification ; we explore the problem of binary classification in machine learning , with a twist - the classifier is allowed to abstain on any datum , professing ignorance about the true class label without committing to any prediction . this is directly motivated by applications like medical diagnosis and fraud risk assessment , in which incorrect predictions have potentially calamitous consequences . we focus on a recent spate of theoretically driven work in this area tha ←
→ directional bilateral filters ; we propose a bilateral filter with a locally controlled domain kernel for directional edge - preserving smoothing . traditional bilateral filters use a range kernel , which is responsible for edge preservation , and a fixed domain kernel that performs smoothing . our intuition is that orientation and anisotropy of image structures should be incorporated into the domain kernel while smoothing . for this purpose , we employ an oriented gaussian domain kernel locally controlled by a str ←
→ active learning for structured prediction from partially labeled data ; we propose a general purpose active learning algorithm for structured prediction , gathering labeled data for training a model that outputs a set of related labels for an image or video . active learning starts with a limited initial training set , then iterates querying a user for labels on unlabeled data and retraining the model . we propose a novel algorithm for selecting data for labeling , choosing examples to maximize expected informat ←
→ an interactive tool for natural language processing on clinical text ; natural language processing ( nlp ) systems often make use of machine learning techniques that are unfamiliar to end - users who are interested in analyzing clinical records . although nlp has been widely used in extracting information from clinical text , current systems generally do not support model revision based on feedback from domain experts . we present a prototype tool that allows end users to visualize and review the outputs of an n ←
→ asymmetric actor critic for image - based robot learning ; deep reinforcement learning ( rl ) has proven a powerful technique in many sequential decision making domains . however , robotics poses many challenges for rl , most notably training on a physical system can be expensive and dangerous , which has sparked significant interest in learning control policies using a physics simulator . while several recent works have shown promising results in transferring policies trained in simulation to the real world , they o ←
→ interactive music generation with positional constraints using anticipation - rnns ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) are now widely used on sequence generation tasks due to their ability to learn long - range dependencies and to generate sequences of arbitrary length . however , their left - to - right generation procedure only allows a limited control from a potential user which makes them unsuitable for interactive and creative usages such as interactive music generation . this paper introduces a novel architectu ←
→ an unsupervised multivariate time series kernel approach for identifying patients with surgical site infection from blood samples ; a large fraction of the electronic health records consists of clinical measurements collected over time , such as blood tests , which provide important information about the health status of a patient . these sequences of clinical measurements are naturally represented as time series , characterized by multiple variables and the presence of missing data , which complicate analysis ←
→ an unfolding - based semantics for logic programming with aggregates ; the paper presents two equivalent definitions of answer sets for logic programs with aggregates . these definitions build on the notion of unfolding of aggregates , and they are aimed at creating methodologies to translate logic programs with aggregates to normal logic programs or positive programs , whose answer set semantics can be used to defined the semantics of the original programs . the first definition provides an alternative view of t ←
→ graph attention networks ; we present graph attention networks ( gats ), novel neural network architectures that operate on graph - structured data , leveraging masked self - attentional layers to address the shortcomings of prior methods based on graph convolutions or their approximations . by stacking layers in which nodes are able to attend over their neighborhoods ' features , we enable ( implicitly ) specifying different weights to different nodes in a neighborhood , without requiring any kind of costly matrix oper ←
→ lp : a logic for statistical information ; this extended abstract presents a logic , called lp , that is capable of representing and reasoning with a wide variety of both qualitative and quantitative statistical information . the advantage of this logical formalism is that it offers a declarative representation of statistical knowledge ; knowledge represented in this manner can be used for a variety of reasoning tasks . the logic differs from previous work in probability logics in that it uses a probability dist ←
→ pegasus : a policy search method for large mdps and pomdps ; we propose a new approach to the problem of searching a space of policies for a markov decision process ( mdp ) or a partially observable markov decision process ( pomdp ), given a model . our approach is based on the following observation : any ( po ) mdp can be transformed into an " equivalent " pomdp in which all state transitions ( given the current state and action ) are deterministic . this reduces the general problem of policy search to one in which we ne ←
→ on the comparison of plans : proposition of an instability measure for dynamic machine scheduling ; on the basis of an analysis of previous research , we present a generalized approach for measuring the difference of plans with an exemplary application to machine scheduling . our work is motivated by the need for such measures , which are used in dynamic scheduling and planning situations . in this context , quantitative approaches are needed for the assessment of the robustness and stability of schedules . obvi ←
→ gelisp : a library to represent musical csps and search strategies ; in this paper we present gelisp , a new library to represent musical constraint satisfaction problems and search strategies intuitively . gelisp has two interfaces , a command - line one for common lisp and a graphical one for openmusic . using gelisp , we solved a problem of automatic music generation proposed by composer michael jarrell and we found solutions for the all - interval series .←
→ subjectivity classification using machine learning techniques for mining feature - opinion pairs from web opinion sources ; due to flourish of the web 2 . 0 , web opinion sources are rapidly emerging containing precious information useful for both customers and manufactures . recently , feature based opinion mining techniques are gaining momentum in which customer reviews are processed automatically for mining product features and user opinions expressed over them . however , customer reviews may contain both opin ←
→ using the random sprays retinex algorithm for global illumination estimation ; in this paper the use of random sprays retinex ( rsr ) algorithm for global illumination estimation is proposed and its feasibility tested . like other algorithms based on the retinex model , rsr also provides local illumination estimation and brightness adjustment for each pixel and it is faster than other path - wise retinex algorithms . as the assumption of the uniform illumination holds in many cases , it should be possible to use ←
→ alarms : alerting and reasoning management system for next generation aircraft hazards ; the next generation air transportation system will introduce new , advanced sensor technologies into the cockpit . with the introduction of such systems , the responsibilities of the pilot are expected to dramatically increase . in the alarms ( alerting and reasoning management system ) project for nasa , we focus on a key challenge of this environment , the quick and efficient handling of aircraft sensor alerts . it is infeasi ←
→ the guppy effect as interference ; people use conjunctions and disjunctions of concepts in ways that violate the rules of classical logic , such as the law of compositionality . specifically , they overextend conjunctions of concepts , a phenomenon referred to as the guppy effect . we build on previous efforts to develop a quantum model that explains the guppy effect in terms of interference . using a well - studied data set with 16 exemplars that exhibit the guppy effect , we developed a 17 - dimensional complex hilb ←
→ dynamic graph generation network : generating relational knowledge from diagrams ; in this work , we introduce a new algorithm for analyzing a diagram , which contains visual and textual information in an abstract and integrated way . whereas diagrams contain richer information compared with individual image - based or language - based data , proper solutions for automatically understanding them have not been proposed due to their innate characteristics of multi - modality and arbitrariness of layouts . to tackle thi ←
→ aclp : integrating abduction and constraint solving ; aclp is a system which combines abductive reasoning and constraint solving by integrating the frameworks of abductive logic programming ( alp ) and constraint logic programming ( clp ). it forms a general high - level knowledge representation environment for abductive problems in artificial intelligence and other areas . in aclp , the task of abduction is supported and enhanced by its non - trivial integration with constraint solving facilitating its application to ←
→ deep prior ; the recent literature on deep learning offers new tools to learn a rich probability distribution over high dimensional data such as images or sounds . in this work we investigate the possibility of learning the prior distribution over neural network parameters using such tools . our resulting variational bayes algorithm generalizes well to new tasks , even when very few training examples are provided . furthermore , this learned prior allows the model to extrapolate correctly far from a given task ' s ←
→ exploiting the short - term to long - term plasticity transition in memristive nanodevice learning architectures ; memristive nanodevices offer new frontiers for computing systems that unite arithmetic and memory operations on - chip . here , we explore the integration of electrochemical metallization cell ( ecm ) nanodevices with tunable filamentary switching in nanoscale learning systems . such devices offer a natural transition between short - term plasticity ( stp ) and long - term plasticity ( ltp ). in this work , we s ←
→ sync - rank : robust ranking , constrained ranking and rank aggregation via eigenvector and semidefinite programming synchronization ; we consider the classic problem of establishing a statistical ranking of a set of n items given a set of inconsistent and incomplete pairwise comparisons between such items . instantiations of this problem occur in numerous applications in data analysis ( e . g ., ranking teams in sports data ), computer vision , and machine learning . we formulate the above problem of ranking with in ←
→ articulation rate in swedish child - directed speech increases as a function of the age of the child even when surprisal is controlled for ; in earlier work , we have shown that articulation rate in swedish child - directed speech ( cds ) increases as a function of the age of the child , even when utterance length and differences in articulation rate between subjects are controlled for . in this paper we show on utterance level in spontaneous swedish speech that i ) for the youngest children , articulation rate in c ←
→ robustness of classifiers : from adversarial to random noise ; several recent works have shown that state - of - the - art classifiers are vulnerable to worst - case ( i . e ., adversarial ) perturbations of the datapoints . on the other hand , it has been empirically observed that these same classifiers are relatively robust to random noise . in this paper , we propose to study a \ textit { semi - random } noise regime that generalizes both the random and worst - case noise regimes . we propose the first quantitative analysis of the ←
→ video compressive sensing for dynamic mri ; we present a video compressive sensing framework , termed kt - cslds , to accelerate the image acquisition process of dynamic magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ). we are inspired by a state - of - the - art model for video compressive sensing that utilizes a linear dynamical system ( lds ) to model the motion manifold . given compressive measurements , the state sequence of an lds can be first estimated using system identification techniques . we then reconstruct the observation ma ←
→ linearly constrained gaussian processes ; we consider a modification of the covariance function in gaussian processes to correctly account for known linear constraints . by modelling the target function as a transformation of an underlying function , the constraints are explicitly incorporated in the model such that they are guaranteed to be fulfilled by any sample drawn or prediction made . we also propose a constructive procedure for designing the transformation operator and illustrate the result on both sim ←
→ group - wise deep co - saliency detection ; in this paper , we propose an end - to - end group - wise deep co - saliency detection approach to address the co - salient object discovery problem based on the fully convolutional network ( fcn ) with group input and group output . the proposed approach captures the group - wise interaction information for group images by learning a semantics - aware image representation based on a convolutional neural network , which adaptively learns the group - wise features for co - saliency detection ←
→ first steps towards a runtime comparison of natural and artificial evolution ; evolutionary algorithms ( eas ) form a popular optimisation paradigm inspired by natural evolution . in recent years the field of evolutionary computation has developed a rigorous analytical theory to analyse their runtime on many illustrative problems . here we apply this theory to a simple model of natural evolution . in the strong selection weak mutation ( sswm ) evolutionary regime the time between occurrence of new mutations is m ←
→ handling controversial arguments by matrix ; we introduce matrix and its block to the dung ' s theory of argumentation framework . it is showed that each argumentation framework has a matrix representation , and the indirect attack relation and indirect defence relation can be characterized by computing the matrix . this provide a powerful mathematics way to determine the " controversial arguments " in an argumentation framework . also , we introduce several kinds of blocks based on the matrix , and various prudent s ←
→ phase - only planar antenna array synthesis with fuzzy genetic algorithms ; this paper describes a new method for the synthesis of planar antenna arrays using fuzzy genetic algorithms ( fgas ) by optimizing phase excitation coefficients to best meet a desired radiation pattern . we present the application of a rigorous optimization technique based on fuzzy genetic algorithms ( fgas ), the optimizing algorithm is obtained by adjusting control parameters of a standard version of genetic algorithm ( sgas ) using a fuzz ←
→ gradient augmented information retrieval with autoencoders and semantic hashing ; this paper will explore the use of autoencoders for semantic hashing in the context of information retrieval . this paper will summarize how to efficiently train an autoencoder in order to create meaningful and low - dimensional encodings of data . this paper will demonstrate how computing and storing the closest encodings to an input query can help speed up search time and improve the quality of our search results . the novel co ←
→ iterative reweighted minimization methods for $ l_p $ regularized unconstrained nonlinear programming ; in this paper we study general $ l_p $ regularized unconstrained minimization problems . in particular , we derive lower bounds for nonzero entries of first - and second - order stationary points , and hence also of local minimizers of the $ l_p $ minimization problems . we extend some existing iterative reweighted $ l_1 $ ( irl1 ) and $ l_2 $ ( irl2 ) minimization methods to solve these problems and proposed new variants f ←
→ playerank : multi - dimensional and role - aware rating of soccer player performance ; the problem of rating the performance of soccer players is attracting the interest of many companies , websites , and the scientific community , thanks to the availability of massive data capturing all the events generated during a game ( e . g ., tackles , passes , shots , etc .). existing approaches fail to fully exploit the richness of the available data and lack of a proper validation . in this paper , we design and implement playera ←
→ contour detection from deep patch - level boundary prediction ; in this paper , we present a novel approach for contour detection with convolutional neural networks . a multi - scale cnn learning framework is designed to automatically learn the most relevant features for contour patch detection . our method uses patch - level measurements to create contour maps with overlapping patches . we show the proposed cnn is able to to detect large - scale contours in an image efficienly . we further propose a guided filtering me ←
→ detecting english writing styles for non - native speakers ; analyzing writing styles of non - native speakers is a challenging task . in this paper , we analyze the comments written in the discussion pages of the english wikipedia . using learning algorithms , we are able to detect native speakers ' writing style with an accuracy of 74 %. given the diversity of the english wikipedia users and the large number of languages they speak , we measure the similarities among their native languages by comparing the influence ←
→ mixup : beyond empirical risk minimization ; large deep neural networks are powerful , but exhibit undesirable behaviors such as memorization and sensitivity to adversarial examples . in this work , we propose mixup , a simple learning principle to alleviate these issues . in essence , mixup trains a neural network on convex combinations of pairs of examples and their labels . by doing so , mixup regularizes the neural network to favor simple linear behavior in - between training examples . our experiments on the image ←
→ automated variational inference in probabilistic programming ; we present a new algorithm for approximate inference in probabilistic programs , based on a stochastic gradient for variational programs . this method is efficient without restrictions on the probabilistic program ; it is particularly practical for distributions which are not analytically tractable , including highly structured distributions that arise in probabilistic programs . we show how to automatically derive mean - field probabilistic programs a ←
→ tweets miner for stock market analysis ; in this paper , we present a software package for the data mining of twitter microblogs for the purpose of using them for the stock market analysis . the package is written in r langauge using apropriate r packages . the model of tweets has been considered . we have also compared stock market charts with frequent sets of keywords in twitter microblogs messages .←
→ assessment of the wind farm impact on the radar ; this study shows the means to evaluate the wind farm impact on the radar . it proposes the set of tools , which can be used to realise this objective . the big part of report covers the study of complex pattern propagation factor as the critical issue of the advanced propagation model ( apm ). finally , the reader can find here the implementation of this algorithm - the real scenario in inverness airport ( the united kingdom ), where the atc radar star 2000 , develop ←
→ learning a probabilistic latent space of object shapes via 3d generative - adversarial modeling ; we study the problem of 3d object generation . we propose a novel framework , namely 3d generative adversarial network ( 3d - gan ), which generates 3d objects from a probabilistic space by leveraging recent advances in volumetric convolutional networks and generative adversarial nets . the benefits of our model are three - fold : first , the use of an adversarial criterion , instead of traditional heuristic criteria , enab ←
→ freehand ultrasound image simulation with spatially - conditioned generative adversarial networks ; sonography synthesis has a wide range of applications , including medical procedure simulation , clinical training and multimodality image registration . in this paper , we propose a machine learning approach to simulate ultrasound images at given 3d spatial locations ( relative to the patient anatomy ), based on conditional generative adversarial networks ( gans ). in particular , we introduce a novel neural network ←
→ look before you leap : bridging model - free and model - based reinforcement learning for planned - ahead vision - and - language navigation ; existing research studies on vision and language grounding for robot navigation focus on improving model - free deep reinforcement learning ( drl ) models in synthetic environments . however , model - free drl models do not consider the dynamics in the real - world environments , and they often fail to generalize to new scenes . in this paper , we take a radical approach to bridge the gap ←
→ large - scale clustering based on data compression ; this paper considers the clustering problem for large data sets . we propose an approach based on distributed optimization . the clustering problem is formulated as an optimization problem of maximizing the classification gain . we show that the optimization problem can be reformulated and decomposed into small - scale sub optimization problems by using the dantzig - wolfe decomposition method . generally speaking , the dantzig - wolfe method can only be used for conv ←
→ graph neural networks and boolean satisfiability ; in this paper we explore whether or not deep neural architectures can learn to classify boolean satisfiability ( sat ). we devote considerable time to discussing the theoretical properties of sat . then , we define a graph representation for boolean formulas in conjunctive normal form , and train neural classifiers over general graph structures called graph neural networks , or gnns , to recognize features of satisfiability . to the best of our knowledge this has n ←
→ sentiment / subjectivity analysis survey for languages other than english ; subjective and sentiment analysis have gained considerable attention recently . most of the resources and systems built so far are done for english . the need for designing systems for other languages is increasing . this paper surveys different ways used for building systems for subjective and sentiment analysis for languages other than english . there are three different types of systems used for building these systems . the first ( and t ←
→ how much more probable is " much more probable "? verbal expressions for probability updates ; bayesian inference systems should be able to explain their reasoning to users , translating from numerical to natural language . previous empirical work has investigated the correspondence between absolute probabilities and linguistic phrases . this study extends that work to the correspondence between changes in probabilities ( updates ) and relative probability phrases , such as " much more likely " or " a little less li ←
→ learning to explore with meta - policy gradient ; the performance of off - policy learning , including deep q - learning and deep deterministic policy gradient ( ddpg ), critically depends on the choice of the exploration policy . existing exploration methods are mostly based on adding noise to the on - going actor policy and can only explore \ emph { local } regions close to what the actor policy dictates . in this work , we develop a simple meta - policy gradient algorithm that allows us to adaptively learn the exploration p ←
→ multi - gpu distributed parallel bayesian differential topic modelling ; there is an explosion of data , documents , and other content , and people require tools to analyze and interpret these , tools to turn the content into information and knowledge . topic modeling have been developed to solve these problems . topic models such as lda [ blei et . al . 2003 ] allow salient patterns in data to be extracted automatically . when analyzing texts , these patterns are called topics . among numerous extensions of lda , few of t ←
→ believe it or not : adding belief annotations to databases ; we propose a database model that allows users to annotate data with belief statements . our motivation comes from scientific database applications where a community of users is working together to assemble , revise , and curate a shared data repository . as the community accumulates knowledge and the database content evolves over time , it may contain conflicting information and members can disagree on the information it should store . for example , alice ←
→ online local learning via semidefinite programming ; in many online learning problems we are interested in predicting local information about some universe of items . for example , we may want to know whether two items are in the same cluster rather than computing an assignment of items to clusters ; we may want to know which of two teams will win a game rather than computing a ranking of teams . although finding the optimal clustering or ranking is typically intractable , it may be possible to predict the relat ←
→ video captioning with recurrent networks based on frame - and video - level features and visual content classification ; in this paper , we describe the system for generating textual descriptions of short video clips using recurrent neural networks ( rnn ), which we used while participating in the large scale movie description challenge 2015 in iccv 2015 . our work builds on static image captioning systems with rnn based language models and extends this framework to videos utilizing both static image features an ←
→ variational inference of disentangled latent concepts from unlabeled observations ; disentangled representations , where the higher level data generative factors are reflected in disjoint latent dimensions , offer several benefits such as ease of deriving invariant representations , transferability to other tasks , interpretability , etc . we consider the problem of unsupervised learning of disentangled representations from large pool of unlabeled observations , and propose a variational inference based approach ←
→ cosine normalization : using cosine similarity instead of dot product in neural networks ; traditionally , multi - layer neural networks use dot product between the output vector of previous layer and the incoming weight vector as the input to activation function . the result of dot product is unbounded , thus increases the risk of large variance . large variance of neuron makes the model sensitive to the change of input distribution , thus results in poor generalization , and aggravates the internal covariate shi ←
→ max - margin based discriminative feature learning ; in this paper , we propose a new max - margin based discriminative feature learning method . specifically , we aim at learning a low - dimensional feature representation , so as to maximize the global margin of the data and make the samples from the same class as close as possible . in order to enhance the robustness to noise , a $ l_ { 2 , 1 }$ norm constraint is introduced to make the transformation matrix in group sparsity . in addition , for multi - class classification ta ←
→ lstmvis : a tool for visual analysis of hidden state dynamics in recurrent neural networks ; recurrent neural networks , and in particular long short - term memory ( lstm ) networks , are a remarkably effective tool for sequence modeling that learn a dense black - box hidden representation of their sequential input . researchers interested in better understanding these models have studied the changes in hidden state representations over time and noticed some interpretable patterns but also significant noise . in thi ←
→ effects of language modeling on speech - driven question answering ; we integrate automatic speech recognition ( asr ) and question answering ( qa ) to realize a speech - driven qa system , and evaluate its performance . we adapt an n - gram language model to natural language questions , so that the input of our system can be recognized with a high accuracy . we target wh - questions which consist of the topic part and fixed phrase used to ask about something . we first produce a general n - gram model intended to recognize t ←
→ adversarial phenomenon in the eyes of bayesian deep learning ; deep learning models are vulnerable to adversarial examples , i . e .\ images obtained via deliberate imperceptible perturbations , such that the model misclassifies them with high confidence . however , class confidence by itself is an incomplete picture of uncertainty . we therefore use principled bayesian methods to capture model uncertainty in prediction for observing adversarial misclassification . we provide an extensive study with different bayesi ←
→ foreground - background segmentation based on codebook and edge detector ; background modeling techniques are used for moving object detection in video . many algorithms exist in the field of object detection with different purposes . in this paper , we propose an improvement of moving object detection based on codebook segmentation . we associate the original codebook algorithm with an edge detection algorithm . our goal is to prove the efficiency of using an edge detection algorithm with a background modeling al ←
→ can fca - based recommender system suggest a proper classifier ? ; the paper briefly introduces multiple classifier systems and describes a new algorithm , which improves classification accuracy by means of recommendation of a proper algorithm to an object classification . this recommendation is done assuming that a classifier is likely to predict the label of the object correctly if it has correctly classified its neighbors . the process of assigning a classifier to each object is based on formal concept analysi ←
→ unsupervised learning on neural network outputs : with application in zero - shot learning ; the outputs of a trained neural network contain much richer information than just an one - hot classifier . for example , a neural network might give an image of a dog the probability of one in a million of being a cat but it is still much larger than the probability of being a car . to reveal the hidden structure in them , we apply two unsupervised learning algorithms , pca and ica , to the outputs of a deep convolutional n ←
→ sshmt : semi - supervised hierarchical merge tree for electron microscopy image segmentation ; region - based methods have proven necessary for improving segmentation accuracy of neuronal structures in electron microscopy ( em ) images . most region - based segmentation methods use a scoring function to determine region merging . such functions are usually learned with supervised algorithms that demand considerable ground truth data , which are costly to collect . we propose a semi - supervised approach that reduces thi ←
→ belief as willingness to bet ; we investigate modal logics of high probability having two unary modal operators : an operator $ k $ expressing probabilistic certainty and an operator $ b $ expressing probability exceeding a fixed rational threshold $ c \ geq \ frac 12 $. identifying knowledge with the former and belief with the latter , we may think of $ c $ as the agent ' s betting threshold , which leads to the motto " belief is willingness to bet ." the logic $\ mathsf { kb . 5 }$ for $ c =\ frac 12 $ has an $\ mathsf { s5 }$ $ k $ modali ←
→ three studies of grammar - based surface - syntactic parsing of unrestricted english text . a summary and orientation ; the dissertation addresses the design of parsing grammars for automatic surface - syntactic analysis of unconstrained english text . it consists of a summary and three articles . {\ it morphological disambiguation } documents a grammar for morphological ( or part - of - speech ) disambiguation of english , done within the constraint grammar framework proposed by fred karlsson . the disambiguator seeks to d ←
→ learning the dimensionality of hidden variables ; a serious problem in learning probabilistic models is the presence of hidden variables . these variables are not observed , yet interact with several of the observed variables . detecting hidden variables poses two problems : determining the relations to other variables in the model and determining the number of states of the hidden variable . in this paper , we address the latter problem in the context of bayesian networks . we describe an approach that utilizes a ←
→ depth cnns for rgb - d scene recognition : learning from scratch better than transferring from rgb - cnns ; scene recognition with rgb images has been extensively studied and has reached very remarkable recognition levels , thanks to convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) and large scene datasets . in contrast , current rgb - d scene data is much more limited , so often leverages rgb large datasets , by transferring pretrained rgb cnn models and fine - tuning with the target rgb - d dataset . however , we show that this appro ←
→ virtual pet images from ct data using deep convolutional networks : initial results ; in this work we present a novel system for pet estimation using ct scans . we explore the use of fully convolutional networks ( fcn ) and conditional generative adversarial networks ( gan ) to export pet data from ct data . our dataset includes 25 pairs of pet and ct scans where 17 were used for training and 8 for testing . the system was tested for detection of malignant tumors in the liver region . initial results look promisin ←
→ a greedy search tree heuristic for symbolic regression ; symbolic regression tries to find a mathematical expression that describes the relationship of a set of explanatory variables to a measured variable . the main objective is to find a model that minimizes the error and , optionally , that also minimizes the expression size . a smaller expression can be seen as an interpretable model considered a reliable decision model . this is often performed with genetic programming which represents their solution as exp ←
→ minimum encoding approaches for predictive modeling ; we analyze differences between two information - theoretically motivated approaches to statistical inference and model selection : the minimum description length ( mdl ) principle , and the minimum message length ( mml ) principle . based on this analysis , we present two revised versions of mml : a pointwise estimator which gives the mml - optimal single parameter model , and a volumewise estimator which gives the mml - optimal region in the parameter space . our empiri ←
→ a minimum description length approach to multitask feature selection ; many regression problems involve not one but several response variables ( y ' s ). often the responses are suspected to share a common underlying structure , in which case it may be advantageous to share information across them ; this is known as multitask learning . as a special case , we can use multiple responses to better identify shared predictive features -- a project we might call multitask feature selection . this thesis is organized as ←
→ picasso : a modular framework for visualizing the learning process of neural network image classifiers ; picasso is a free open - source ( eclipse public license ) web application written in python for rendering standard visualizations useful for analyzing convolutional neural networks . picasso ships with occlusion maps and saliency maps , two visualizations which help reveal issues that evaluation metrics like loss and accuracy might hide : for example , learning a proxy classification task . picasso works with t ←
→ vision recognition using discriminant sparse optimization learning ; to better select the correct training sample and obtain the robust representation of the query sample , this paper proposes a discriminant - based sparse optimization learning model . this learning model integrates discriminant and sparsity together . based on this model , we then propose a classifier called locality - based discriminant sparse representation ( ldsr ). because discriminant can help to increase the difference of samples in different ←
→ proceedings first international workshop on hammers for type theories ; this volume of eptcs contains the proceedings of the first workshop on hammers for type theories ( hatt 2016 ), held on 1 july 2016 as part of the international joint conference on automated reasoning ( ijcar 2016 ) in coimbra , portugal . the proceedings contain four regular papers , as well as abstracts of the two invited talks by pierre corbineau ( verimag , france ) and aleksy schubert ( university of warsaw , poland ).←
→ a minimax and asymptotically optimal algorithm for stochastic bandits ; we propose the kl - ucb ++ algorithm for regret minimization in stochastic bandit models with exponential families of distributions . we prove that it is simultaneously asymptotically optimal ( in the sense of lai and robbins ' lower bound ) and minimax optimal . this is the first algorithm proved to enjoy these two properties at the same time . this work thus merges two different lines of research with simple and clear proofs .←
→ pruning convolutional neural networks for image instance retrieval ; in this work , we focus on the problem of image instance retrieval with deep descriptors extracted from pruned convolutional neural networks ( cnn ). the objective is to heavily prune convolutional edges while maintaining retrieval performance . to this end , we introduce both data - independent and data - dependent heuristics to prune convolutional edges , and evaluate their performance across various compression rates with different deep descripto ←
→ an expert system for detecting automobile insurance fraud using social network analysis ; the article proposes an expert system for detection , and subsequent investigation , of groups of collaborating automobile insurance fraudsters . the system is described and examined in great detail , several technical difficulties in detecting fraud are also considered , for it to be applicable in practice . opposed to many other approaches , the system uses networks for representation of data . networks are the most natura ←
→ ice : enabling non - experts to build models interactively for large - scale lopsided problems ; quick interaction between a human teacher and a learning machine presents numerous benefits and challenges when working with web - scale data . the human teacher guides the machine towards accomplishing the task of interest . the learning machine leverages big data to find examples that maximize the training value of its interaction with the teacher . when the teacher is restricted to labeling examples selected by the m ←
→ 3d regression neural network for the quantification of enlarged perivascular spaces in brain mri ; enlarged perivascular spaces ( epvs ) in the brain are an emerging imaging marker for cerebral small vessel disease , and have been shown to be related to increased risk of various neurological diseases , including stroke and dementia . automatic quantification of epvs would greatly help to advance research into its etiology and its potential as a risk indicator of disease . we propose a convolutional network regr ←
→ progressive versus random projections for compressive capture of images , lightfields and higher dimensional visual signals ; computational photography involves sophisticated capture methods . a new trend is to capture projection of higher dimensional visual signals such as videos , multi - spectral data and lightfields on lower dimensional sensors . carefully designed capture methods exploit the sparsity of the underlying signal in a transformed domain to reduce the number of measurements and use an appropriat ←
→ applying advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer ( aster ) spectral indices for geological mapping and mineral identification on the tibetan plateau ; the tibetan plateau holds clues to understanding the dynamics and mechanisms associated with continental growth . part of the region is characterized by zones of ophiolitic melange believed to represent the remnants of ancient oceanic crust and underlying upper mantle emplaced during oceanic closures . however , due to the remoteness of ←
→ online learning via sequential complexities ; we consider the problem of sequential prediction and provide tools to study the minimax value of the associated game . classical statistical learning theory provides several useful complexity measures to study learning with i . i . d . data . our proposed sequential complexities can be seen as extensions of these measures to the sequential setting . the developed theory is shown to yield precise learning guarantees for the problem of sequential prediction . in particular ←
→ understanding semantic web and ontologies : theory and applications ; semantic web is actually an extension of the current one in that it represents information more meaningfully for humans and computers alike . it enables the description of contents and services in machine - readable form , and enables annotating , discovering , publishing , advertising and composing services to be automated . it was developed based on ontology , which is considered as the backbone of the semantic web . in other words , the current we ←
→ an evasion and counter - evasion study in malicious websites detection ; malicious websites are a major cyber attack vector , and effective detection of them is an important cyber defense task . the main defense paradigm in this regard is that the defender uses some kind of machine learning algorithms to train a detection model , which is then used to classify websites in question . unlike other settings , the following issue is inherent to the problem of malicious websites detection : the attacker essentially has ←
→ attention - based guided structured sparsity of deep neural networks ; network pruning is aimed at imposing sparsity in a neural network architecture by increasing the portion of zero - valued weights for reducing its size regarding energy - efficiency consideration and increasing evaluation speed . in most of the conducted research efforts , the sparsity is enforced for network pruning without any attention to the internal network characteristics such as unbalanced outputs of the neurons or more specifically the d ←
→ learning to optimize via information - directed sampling ; we propose information - directed sampling -- a new approach to online optimization problems in which a decision - maker must balance between exploration and exploitation while learning from partial feedback . each action is sampled in a manner that minimizes the ratio between squared expected single - period regret and a measure of information gain : the mutual information between the optimal action and the next observation . we establish an expected regret b ←
→ computing stable models : worst - case performance estimates ; we study algorithms for computing stable models of propositional logic programs and derive estimates on their worst - case performance that are asymptotically better than the trivial bound of o ( m 2 ^ n ), where m is the size of an input program and n is the number of its atoms . for instance , for programs , whose clauses consist of at most two literals ( counting the head ) we design an algorithm to compute stable models that works in time o ( m \ times 1 . 44225 ←
→ pvanet : deep but lightweight neural networks for real - time object detection ; this paper presents how we can achieve the state - of - the - art accuracy in multi - category object detection task while minimizing the computational cost by adapting and combining recent technical innovations . following the common pipeline of " cnn feature extraction + region proposal + roi classification ", we mainly redesign the feature extraction part , since region proposal part is not computationally expensive and classification pa ←
→ interactive multiclass segmentation using superpixel classification ; this paper adresses the problem of interactive multiclass segmentation . we propose a fast and efficient new interactive segmentation method called superpixel classification - based interactive segmentation ( scis ). from a few strokes drawn by a human user over an image , this method extracts relevant semantic objects . to get a fast calculation and an accurate segmentation , scis uses superpixel over - segmentation and support vector machine clas ←
→ bayesian compressed regression ; as an alternative to variable selection or shrinkage in high dimensional regression , we propose to randomly compress the predictors prior to analysis . this dramatically reduces storage and computational bottlenecks , performing well when the predictors can be projected to a low dimensional linear subspace with minimal loss of information about the response . as opposed to existing bayesian dimensionality reduction approaches , the exact posterior distribution conditional on the ←
→ an empirical model of acknowledgment for spoken - language systems ; we refine and extend prior views of the description , purposes , and contexts - of - use of acknowledgment acts through empirical examination of the use of acknowledgments in task - based conversation . we distinguish three broad classes of acknowledgments ( other --> ackn , self --> other --> ackn , and self + ackn ) and present a catalogue of 13 patterns within these classes that account for the specific uses of acknowledgment in the corpus .←
→ zero - order reverse filtering ; in this paper , we study an unconventional but practically meaningful reversibility problem of commonly used image filters . we broadly define filters as operations to smooth images or to produce layers via global or local algorithms . and we raise the intriguingly problem if they are reservable to the status before filtering . to answer it , we present a novel strategy to understand general filter via contraction mappings on a metric space . a very simple yet effective zero - order a ←
→ probabilistic modelling of morphologically rich languages ; this thesis investigates how the sub - structure of words can be accounted for in probabilistic models of language . such models play an important role in natural language processing tasks such as translation or speech recognition , but often rely on the simplistic assumption that words are opaque symbols . this assumption does not fit morphologically complex language well , where words can have rich internal structure and sub - word elements are shared ac ←
→ the advantage of evidential attributes in social networks ; nowadays , there are many approaches designed for the task of detecting communities in social networks . among them , some methods only consider the topological graph structure , while others take use of both the graph structure and the node attributes . in real - world networks , there are many uncertain and noisy attributes in the graph . in this paper , we will present how we detect communities in graphs with uncertain attributes in the first step . the nu ←
→ real - time robust manhattan frame estimation : global optimality and applications ; most man - made environments , such as urban and indoor scenes , consist of a set of parallel and orthogonal planar structures . these structures are approximated by manhattan world assumption and be referred to manhattan frame ( mf ). given a set of inputs such as surface normals or vanishing points , we pose an mf estimation problem as a consensus set maximization that maximizes the number of inliers over the rotation search space ←
→ anveshak - a groundtruth generation tool for foreground regions of document images ; we propose a graphical user interface based groundtruth generation tool in this paper . here , annotation of an input document image is done based on the foreground pixels . foreground pixels are grouped together with user interaction to form labeling units . these units are then labeled by the user with the user defined labels . the output produced by the tool is an image with an xml file containing its metadata information . ←
→ human - machine inference networks for smart decision making : opportunities and challenges ; the emerging paradigm of human - machine inference networks ( humains ) combines complementary cognitive strengths of humans and machines in an intelligent manner to tackle various inference tasks and achieves higher performance than either humans or machines by themselves . while inference performance optimization techniques for human - only or sensor - only networks are quite mature , humains require novel signal processing ←
→ vesselness features and the inverse compositional aam for robust face recognition using thermal ir ; over the course of the last decade , infrared ( ir ) and particularly thermal ir imaging based face recognition has emerged as a promising complement to conventional , visible spectrum based approaches which continue to struggle when applied in the real world . while inherently insensitive to visible spectrum illumination changes , ir images introduce specific challenges of their own , most notably sensitivity to ←
→ infiniteboost : building infinite ensembles with gradient descent ; in machine learning ensemble methods have demonstrated high accuracy for the variety of problems in different areas . the most known algorithms intensively used in practice are random forests and gradient boosting . in this paper we present infiniteboost - a novel algorithm , which combines the best properties of these two approaches . the algorithm constructs the ensemble of trees for which two properties hold : trees of the ensemble incorporate ←
→ neural network architecture optimization through submodularity and supermodularity ; deep learning models ' architectures , including depth and width , are key factors influencing models ' performance , such as test accuracy and computation time . this paper solves two problems : given computation time budget , choose an architecture to maximize accuracy , and given accuracy requirement , choose an architecture to minimize computation time . we convert this architecture optimization into a subset selection problem . ←
→ end - to - end semantic face segmentation with conditional random fields as convolutional , recurrent and adversarial networks ; recent years have seen a sharp increase in the number of related yet distinct advances in semantic segmentation . here , we tackle this problem by leveraging the respective strengths of these advances . that is , we formulate a conditional random field over a four - connected graph as end - to - end trainable convolutional and recurrent networks , and estimate them via an adversarial process . i ←
→ plausible deniability for privacy - preserving data synthesis ; releasing full data records is one of the most challenging problems in data privacy . on the one hand , many of the popular techniques such as data de - identification are problematic because of their dependence on the background knowledge of adversaries . on the other hand , rigorous methods such as the exponential mechanism for differential privacy are often computationally impractical to use for releasing high dimensional data or cannot preserve hig ←
→ on the benefits of inoculation , an example in train scheduling ; the local reconstruction of a railway schedule following a small perturbation of the traffic , seeking minimization of the total accumulated delay , is a very difficult and tightly constrained combinatorial problem . notoriously enough , the railway company ' s public image degrades proportionally to the amount of daily delays , and the same goes for its profit ! this paper describes an inoculation procedure which greatly enhances an evolutionary algo ←
→ generalization guarantees for a binary classification framework for two - stage multiple kernel learning ; we present generalization bounds for the ts - mkl framework for two stage multiple kernel learning . we also present bounds for sparse kernel learning formulations within the ts - mkl framework .←
→ fast deep matting for portrait animation on mobile phone ; image matting plays an important role in image and video editing . however , the formulation of image matting is inherently ill - posed . traditional methods usually employ interaction to deal with the image matting problem with trimaps and strokes , and cannot run on the mobile phone in real - time . in this paper , we propose a real - time automatic deep matting approach for mobile devices . by leveraging the densely connected blocks and the dilated convolutio ←
→ graph partitioning for independent sets ; computing maximum independent sets in graphs is an important problem in computer science . in this paper , we develop an evolutionary algorithm to tackle the problem . the core innovations of the algorithm are very natural combine operations based on graph partitioning and local search algorithms . more precisely , we employ a state - of - the - art graph partitioner to derive operations that enable us to quickly exchange whole blocks of given independent sets . to enhance newl ←
→ a relational approach to functional decomposition of logic circuits ; functional decomposition of logic circuits has profound influence on all quality aspects of the cost - effective implementation of modern digital systems . in this paper , a relational approach to the decomposition of logic circuits is proposed . this approach is parallel to the normalization of relational databases , they are governed by the same concepts of functional dependency ( fd ) and multi - valued dependency ( mvd ). it is manifest that the ←
→ poseidon : face - from - depth for driver pose estimation ; fast and accurate upper - body and head pose estimation is a key task for automatic monitoring of driver attention , a challenging context characterized by severe illumination changes , occlusions and extreme poses . in this work , we present a new deep learning framework for head localization and pose estimation on depth images . the core of the proposal is a regression neural network , called poseidon , which is composed of three independent convolutional nets ←
→ a neural network model for construction projects site overhead cost estimating in egypt ; estimating of the overhead costs of building construction projects is an important task in the management of these projects . the quality of construction management depends heavily on their accurate cost estimation . construction costs prediction is a very difficult and sophisticated task especially when using manual calculation methods . this paper uses artificial neural network ( ann ) approach to develop a parametric c ←
→ design of spectrum sensing policy for multi - user multi - band cognitive radio network ; finding an optimal sensing policy for a particular access policy and sensing scheme is a laborious combinatorial problem that requires the system model parameters to be known . in practise the parameters or the model itself may not be completely known making reinforcement learning methods appealing . in this paper a non - parametric reinforcement learning - based method is developed for sensing and accessing multi - band radio s ←
→ brain inspired cognitive model with attention for self - driving cars ; perception - driven approach and end - to - end system are two major vision - based frameworks for self - driving cars . however , it is difficult to introduce attention and historical information of autonomous driving process , which are the essential factors for achieving human - like driving into these two methods . in this paper , we propose a novel model for self - driving cars named brain - inspired cognitive model with attention ( cma ). this model consi ←
→ style imitation and chord invention in polyphonic music with exponential families ; modeling polyphonic music is a particularly challenging task because of the intricate interplay between melody and harmony . a good model should satisfy three requirements : statistical accuracy ( capturing faithfully the statistics of correlations at various ranges , horizontally and vertically ), flexibility ( coping with arbitrary user constraints ), and generalization capacity ( inventing new material , while staying in the sty ←
→ uncertain nearest neighbor classification ; this work deals with the problem of classifying uncertain data . with this aim the uncertain nearest neighbor ( unn ) rule is here introduced , which represents the generalization of the deterministic nearest neighbor rule to the case in which uncertain objects are available . the unn rule relies on the concept of nearest neighbor class , rather than on that of nearest neighbor object . the nearest neighbor class of a test object is the class that maximizes the probabili ←
→ towards case - based preference elicitation : similarity measures on preference structures ; while decision theory provides an appealing normative framework for representing rich preference structures , eliciting utility or value functions typically incurs a large cost . for many applications involving interactive systems this overhead precludes the use of formal decision - theoretic models of preference . instead of performing elicitation in a vacuum , it would be useful if we could augment directly elicited pref ←
→ editorial for the first workshop on mining scientific papers : computational linguistics and bibliometrics ; the workshop " mining scientific papers : computational linguistics and bibliometrics " ( clbib 2015 ), co - located with the 15th international society of scientometrics and informetrics conference ( issi 2015 ), brought together researchers in bibliometrics and computational linguistics in order to study the ways bibliometrics can benefit from large - scale text analytics and sense mining of scientific paper ←
→ looking for plausibility ; in the interpretation of experimental data , one is actually looking for plausible explanations . we look for a measure of plausibility , with which we can compare different possible explanations , and which can be combined when there are different sets of data . this is contrasted to the conventional measure for probabilities as well as to the proposed measure of possibilities . we define what characteristics this measure of plausibility should have . in getting to the conception of t ←
→ depthsynth : real - time realistic synthetic data generation from cad models for 2 . 5d recognition ; recent progress in computer vision has been dominated by deep neural networks trained over large amounts of labeled data . collecting such datasets is however a tedious , often impossible task ; hence a surge in approaches relying solely on synthetic data for their training . for depth images however , discrepancies with real scans still noticeably affect the end performance . we thus propose an end - to - end framework ←
→ an overview of deep learning based methods for unsupervised and semi - supervised anomaly detection in videos ; videos represent the primary source of information for surveillance applications and are available in large amounts but in most cases contain little or no annotation for supervised learning . this article reviews the state - of - the - art deep learning based methods for video anomaly detection and categorizes them based on the type of model and criteria of detection . we also perform simple studies to un ←
→ robust contextual outlier detection : where context meets sparsity ; outlier detection is a fundamental data science task with applications ranging from data cleaning to network security . given the fundamental nature of the task , this has been the subject of much research . recently , a new class of outlier detection algorithms has emerged , called {\ it contextual outlier detection }, and has shown improved performance when studying anomalous behavior in a specific context . however , as we point out in this artic ←
→ high efficiency compression for object detection ; image and video compression has traditionally been tailored to human vision . however , modern applications such as visual analytics and surveillance rely on computers seeing and analyzing the images before ( or instead of ) humans . for these applications , it is important to adjust compression to computer vision . in this paper we present a bit allocation and rate control strategy that is tailored to object detection . using the initial convolutional layers of a ←
→ a small universal petri net ; a universal deterministic inhibitor petri net with 14 places , 29 transitions and 138 arcs was constructed via simulation of neary and woods ' weakly universal turing machine with 2 states and 4 symbols ; the total time complexity is exponential in the running time of their weak machine . to simulate the blank words of the weakly universal turing machine , a couple of dedicated transitions insert their codes when reaching edges of the working zone . to complete a chain of a given pet ←
→ real - time capable micro - doppler signature decomposition of walking human limbs ; unique micro - doppler signature ($\ boldsymbol {\ mu }$- d ) of a human body motion can be analyzed as the superposition of different body parts $\ boldsymbol {\ mu }$- d signatures . extraction of human limbs $\ boldsymbol {\ mu }$- d signatures in real - time can be used to detect , classify and track human motion especially for safety application . in this paper , two methods are combined to simulate $\ boldsymbol {\ mu }$- d signatures of a walking ←
→ improving regret bounds for combinatorial semi - bandits with probabilistically triggered arms and its applications ; we study combinatorial multi - armed bandit with probabilistically triggered arms ( cmab - t ) and semi - bandit feedback . we resolve a serious issue in the prior cmab - t studies where the regret bounds contain a possibly exponentially large factor of $ 1 / p ^*$, where $ p ^*$ is the minimum positive probability that an arm is triggered by any action . we address this issue by introducing a triggering prob ←
→ a 58 . 6mw real - time programmable object detector with multi - scale multi - object support using deformable parts model on 1920x1080 video at 30fps ; this paper presents a programmable , energy - efficient and real - time object detection accelerator using deformable parts models ( dpm ), with 2x higher accuracy than traditional rigid body models . with 8 deformable parts detection , three methods are used to address the high computational complexity : classification pruning for 33x fewer parts classification , vector qu ←
→ face recognition based on polar frequency features ; a novel biologically motivated face recognition algorithm based on polar frequency is presented . polar frequency descriptors are extracted from face images by fourier - bessel transform ( fbt ). next , the euclidean distance between all images is computed and each image is now represented by its dissimilarity to the other images . a pseudo - fisher linear discriminant was built on this dissimilarity space . the performance of discrete fourier transform ( dft ) descr ←
→ collaboration on reference to objects that are not mutually known ; in conversation , a person sometimes has to refer to an object that is not previously known to the other participant . we present a plan - based model of how agents collaborate on reference of this sort . in making a reference , an agent uses the most salient attributes of the referent . in understanding a reference , an agent determines his confidence in its adequacy as a means of identifying the referent . to collaborate , the agents use judgment , ←
→ blocking and other enhancements for bottom - up model generation methods ; model generation is a problem complementary to theorem proving and is important for fault analysis and debugging of formal specifications of security protocols , programs and terminological definitions . this paper discusses several ways of enhancing the paradigm of bottom - up model generation . the two main contributions are new , generalized blocking techniques and a new range - restriction transformation . the blocking techniques are based ←
→ on the convergence of the sparse possibilistic c - means algorithm ; in this paper , a convergence proof for the recently proposed sparse possibilistic c - means ( spcm ) algorithm is provided , utilizing the celebrated zangwill convergence theorem . it is shown that the iterative sequence generated by spcm converges to a stationary point or there exists a subsequence of it that converges to a stationary point of the cost function of the algorithm .←
→ generalizing fuzzy logic probabilistic inferences ; linear representations for a subclass of boolean symmetric functions selected by a parity condition are shown to constitute a generalization of the linear constraints on probabilities introduced by boole . these linear constraints are necessary to compute probabilities of events with relations between the . arbitrarily specified with propositional calculus boolean formulas .←
→ multi - objective design of quantum circuits using genetic programming ; quantum computing is a new way of data processing based on the concept of quantum mechanics . quantum circuit design is a process of converting a quantum gate to a series of basic gates and is divided into two general categories based on the decomposition and composition . in the second group , using evolutionary algorithms and especially genetic algorithms , multiplication of matrix gates was used to achieve the final characteristic of quan ←
→ automated construction of sparse bayesian networks from unstructured probabilistic models and domain information ; an algorithm for automated construction of a sparse bayesian network given an unstructured probabilistic model and causal domain information from an expert has been developed and implemented . the goal is to obtain a network that explicitly reveals as much information regarding conditional independence as possible . the network is built incrementally adding one node at a time . the expert ' s info ←
→ firefly algorithm for optimization problems with non - continuous variables : a review and analysis ; firefly algorithm is a swarm based metaheuristic algorithm inspired by the flashing behavior of fireflies . it is an effective and an easy to implement algorithm . it has been tested on different problems from different disciplines and found to be effective . even though the algorithm is proposed for optimization problems with continuous variables , it has been modified and used for problems with non - continuous ←
→ a prototype of a knowledge - based programming environment ; in this paper we present a proposal for a knowledge - based programming environment . in such an environment , declarative background knowledge , procedures , and concrete data are represented in suitable languages and combined in a flexible manner . this leads to a highly declarative programming style . we illustrate our approach on an example and report about our prototype implementation .←
→ products of hidden markov models : it takes n > 1 to tango ; products of hidden markov models ( pohmms ) are an interesting class of generative models which have received little attention since their introduction . this maybe in part due to their more computationally expensive gradient - based learning algorithm , and the intractability of computing the log likelihood of sequences under the model . in this paper , we demonstrate how the partition function can be estimated reliably via annealed importance sampling . we pe ←
→ comment on " robustness and regularization of support vector machines " by h . xu , et al ., ( journal of machine learning research , vol . 10 , pp . 1485 - 1510 , 2009 , arxiv : 0803 . 3490 ) ; this paper comments on the published work dealing with robustness and regularization of support vector machines ( journal of machine learning research , vol . 10 , pp . 1485 - 1510 , 2009 ) [ arxiv : 0803 . 3490 ] by h . xu , etc . they proposed a theorem to show that it is possible to relate robustness in the feature space and robustness in the sa ←
→ deep recurrent neural networks for acoustic modelling ; we present a novel deep recurrent neural network ( rnn ) model for acoustic modelling in automatic speech recognition ( asr ). we term our contribution as a tc - dnn - blstm - dnn model , the model combines a deep neural network ( dnn ) with time convolution ( tc ), followed by a bidirectional long short - term memory ( blstm ), and a final dnn . the first dnn acts as a feature processor to our model , the blstm then generates a context from the sequence acoustic signal , a ←
→ computational complexity and simulation of rare events of ising spin glasses ; we discuss the computational complexity of random 2d ising spin glasses , which represent an interesting class of constraint satisfaction problems for black box optimization . two extremal cases are considered : ( 1 ) the +/- j spin glass , and ( 2 ) the gaussian spin glass . we also study a smooth transition between these two extremal cases . the computational complexity of all studied spin glass systems is found to be dominated by rare ←
→ on the measure of conflicts : a mus - decomposition based framework ; measuring inconsistency is viewed as an important issue related to handling inconsistencies . good measures are supposed to satisfy a set of rational properties . however , defining sound properties is sometimes problematic . in this paper , we emphasize one such property , named decomposability , rarely discussed in the literature due to its modeling difficulties . to this end , we propose an independent decomposition which is more intuitive than ex ←
→ clustering signed networks with the geometric mean of laplacians ; signed networks allow to model positive and negative relationships . we analyze existing extensions of spectral clustering to signed networks . it turns out that existing approaches do not recover the ground truth clustering in several situations where either the positive or the negative network structures contain no noise . our analysis shows that these problems arise as existing approaches take some form of arithmetic mean of the laplacians o ←
→ safe semi - supervised learning of sum - product networks ; in several domains obtaining class annotations is expensive while at the same time unlabelled data are abundant . while most semi - supervised approaches enforce restrictive assumptions on the data distribution , recent work has managed to learn semi - supervised models in a non - restrictive regime . however , so far such approaches have only been proposed for linear models . in this work , we introduce semi - supervised parameter learning for sum - product networks ←
→ sapfocs : a metaheuristic based approach to part family formation problems in group technology ; this article deals with part family formation problem which is believed to be moderately complicated to be solved in polynomial time in the vicinity of group technology ( gt ). in the past literature researchers investigated that the part family formation techniques are principally based on production flow analysis ( pfa ) which usually considers operational requirements , sequences and time . part coding analysis ( p ←
→ diffusion of lexical change in social media ; computer - mediated communication is driving fundamental changes in the nature of written language . we investigate these changes by statistical analysis of a dataset comprising 107 million twitter messages ( authored by 2 . 7 million unique user accounts ). using a latent vector autoregressive model to aggregate across thousands of words , we identify high - level patterns in diffusion of linguistic change over the united states . our model is robust to unpredictable chan ←
→ block - diagonal covariance selection for high - dimensional gaussian graphical models ; gaussian graphical models are widely utilized to infer and visualize networks of dependencies between continuous variables . however , inferring the graph is difficult when the sample size is small compared to the number of variables . to reduce the number of parameters to estimate in the model , we propose a non - asymptotic model selection procedure supported by strong theoretical guarantees based on an oracle inequality and ←
→ inverting the generator of a generative adversarial network ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) learn to synthesise new samples from a high - dimensional distribution by passing samples drawn from a latent space through a generative network . when the high - dimensional distribution describes images of a particular data set , the network should learn to generate visually similar image samples for latent variables that are close to each other in the latent space . for tasks such as image retrieval and image cl ←
→ guarantees of total variation minimization for signal recovery ; in this paper , we consider using total variation minimization to recover signals whose gradients have a sparse support , from a small number of measurements . we establish the proof for the performance guarantee of total variation ( tv ) minimization in recovering \ emph { one - dimensional } signal with sparse gradient support . this partially answers the open problem of proving the fidelity of total variation minimization in such a setting \ cite { tvmult ←
→ cognitive deep machine can train itself ; machine learning is making substantial progress in diverse applications . the success is mostly due to advances in deep learning . however , deep learning can make mistakes and its generalization abilities to new tasks are questionable . we ask when and how one can combine network outputs , when ( i ) details of the observations are evaluated by learned deep components and ( ii ) facts and confirmation rules are available in knowledge based systems . we show that in limited c ←
→ resource aware design of a deep convolutional - recurrent neural network for speech recognition through audio - visual sensor fusion ; today ' s automatic speech recognition systems only rely on acoustic signals and often don ' t perform well under noisy conditions . performing multi - modal speech recognition - processing acoustic speech signals and lip - reading video simultaneously - significantly enhances the performance of such systems , especially in noisy environments . this work presents the design of such an au ←
→ a fully convolutional deep auditory model for musical chord recognition ; chord recognition systems depend on robust feature extraction pipelines . while these pipelines are traditionally hand - crafted , recent advances in end - to - end machine learning have begun to inspire researchers to explore data - driven methods for such tasks . in this paper , we present a chord recognition system that uses a fully convolutional deep auditory model for feature extraction . the extracted features are processed by a conditional ←
→ weak convergence properties of constrained emphatic temporal - difference learning with constant and slowly diminishing stepsize ; we consider the emphatic temporal - difference ( td ) algorithm , etd ($\ lambda $), for learning the value functions of stationary policies in a discounted , finite state and action markov decision process . the etd ($\ lambda $) algorithm was recently proposed by sutton , mahmood , and white to solve a long - standing divergence problem of the standard td algorithm when it is applied to off - po ←
→ automated reasoning for robot ethics ; deontic logic is a very well researched branch of mathematical logic and philosophy . various kinds of deontic logics are considered for different application domains like argumentation theory , legal reasoning , and acts in multi - agent systems . in this paper , we show how standard deontic logic can be used to model ethical codes for multi - agent systems . furthermore we show how hyper , a high performance theorem prover , can be used to prove properties of these ethical codes ←
→ analysis of a statistical hypothesis based learning mechanism for faster crawling ; the growth of world - wide - web ( www ) spreads its wings from an intangible quantities of web - pages to a gigantic hub of web information which gradually increases the complexity of crawling process in a search engine . a search engine handles a lot of queries from various parts of this world , and the answers of it solely depend on the knowledge that it gathers by means of crawling . the information sharing becomes a most common ←
→ an investigation of newton - sketch and subsampled newton methods ; the concepts of sketching and subsampling have recently received much attention by the optimization and statistics communities . in this paper , we study newton - sketch and subsampled newton ( ssn ) methods for the finite - sum optimization problem . we consider practical versions of the two methods in which the newton equations are solved approximately using the conjugate gradient ( cg ) method or a stochastic gradient iteration . we establish new comp ←
→ lia - rag : a system based on graphs and divergence of probabilities applied to speech - to - text summarization ; this paper aims to introduces a new algorithm for automatic speech - to - text summarization based on statistical divergences of probabilities and graphs . the input is a text from speech conversations with noise , and the output a compact text summary . our results , on the pilot task cccs multiling 2015 french corpus are very encouraging ←
→ scalable multi - output label prediction : from classifier chains to classifier trellises ; multi - output inference tasks , such as multi - label classification , have become increasingly important in recent years . a popular method for multi - label classification is classifier chains , in which the predictions of individual classifiers are cascaded along a chain , thus taking into account inter - label dependencies and improving the overall performance . several varieties of classifier chain methods have been introduce ←
→ first draft on the xinf model for universal physical computation and reverse engineering of natural intelligence ; turing machines are universal computing machines in theory . it has been a long debate whether turing machines can simulate the consciousness mind behaviors in the materialistic universe . three different hypotheses come out of such debate , in short :( a ) can ; ( b ) cannot ; ( c ) super - turing machines can . because turing machines or other kinds of theoretical computing models are abstract objects whi ←
→ jet charge and machine learning ; modern machine learning techniques , such as convolutional , recurrent and recursive neural networks , have shown promise for jet substructure at the large hadron collider . for example , they have demonstrated effectiveness at boosted top or w boson identification or for quark / gluon discrimination . we explore these methods for the purpose of classifying jets according to their electric charge . we find that neural networks that incorporate distance within the jet as an input can ←
→ dockerface : an easy to install and use faster r - cnn face detector in a docker container ; face detection is a very important task and a necessary pre - processing step for many applications such as facial landmark detection , pose estimation , sentiment analysis and face recognition . not only is face detection an important pre - processing step in computer vision applications but also in computational psychology , behavioral imaging and other fields where researchers might not be initiated in computer vision fra ←
→ an overview of the research on texture based plant leaf classification ; plant classification has a broad application prospective in agriculture and medicine , and is especially significant to the biology diversity research . as plants are vitally important for environmental protection , it is more important to identify and classify them accurately . plant leaf classification is a technique where leaf is classified based on its different morphological features . the goal of this paper is to provide an overview o ←
→ model - based outdoor performance capture ; we propose a new model - based method to accurately reconstruct human performances captured outdoors in a multi - camera setup . starting from a template of the actor model , we introduce a new unified implicit representation for both , articulated skeleton tracking and nonrigid surface shape refinement . our method fits the template to unsegmented video frames in two stages - first , the coarse skeletal pose is estimated , and subsequently non - rigid surface shape and body po ←
→ statistical consistency of finite - dimensional unregularized linear classification ; this manuscript studies statistical properties of linear classifiers obtained through minimization of an unregularized convex risk over a finite sample . although the results are explicitly finite - dimensional , inputs may be passed through feature maps ; in this way , in addition to treating the consistency of logistic regression , this analysis also handles boosting over a finite weak learning class with , for instance , the exp ←
→ improving speech recognition by revising gated recurrent units ; speech recognition is largely taking advantage of deep learning , showing that substantial benefits can be obtained by modern recurrent neural networks ( rnns ). the most popular rnns are long short - term memory ( lstms ), which typically reach state - of - the - art performance in many tasks thanks to their ability to learn long - term dependencies and robustness to vanishing gradients . nevertheless , lstms have a rather complex design with three multiplica ←
→ multi - level svm based cad tool for classifying structural mris ; the revolutionary developments in the field of supervised machine learning have paved way to the development of cad tools for assisting doctors in diagnosis . recently , the former has been employed in the prediction of neurological disorders such as alzheimer ' s disease . we propose a cad ( computer aided diagnosis tool for differentiating neural lesions caused by cva ( cerebrovascular accident ) from the lesions caused by other neural disorders by ←
→ the management of context - sensitive features : a review of strategies ; in this paper , we review five heuristic strategies for handling context - sensitive features in supervised machine learning from examples . we discuss two methods for recovering lost ( implicit ) contextual information . we mention some evidence that hybrid strategies can have a synergetic effect . we then show how the work of several machine learning researchers fits into this framework . while we do not claim that these strategies exhaust the ←
→ a cascade neural network architecture investigating surface plasmon polaritons propagation for thin metals in openmp ; surface plasmon polaritons ( spps ) confined along metal - dielectric interface have attracted a relevant interest in the area of ultracompact photonic circuits , photovoltaic devices and other applications due to their strong field confinement and enhancement . this paper investigates a novel cascade neural network ( nn ) architecture to find the dependance of metal thickness on the spp propagat ←
→ a robust multi - batch l - bfgs method for machine learning ; this paper describes an implementation of the l - bfgs method designed to deal with two adversarial situations . the first occurs in distributed computing environments where some of the computational nodes devoted to the evaluation of the function and gradient are unable to return results on time . a similar challenge occurs in a multi - batch approach in which the data points used to compute function and gradients are purposely changed at each iteration t ←
→ belief revision and rational inference ; the ( extended ) agm postulates for belief revision seem to deal with the revision of a given theory k by an arbitrary formula , but not to constrain the revisions of two different theories by the same formula . a new postulate is proposed and compared with other similar postulates that have been proposed in the literature . the agm revisions that satisfy this new postulate stand in one - to - one correspondence with the rational , consistency - preserving relations . this corres ←
→ les représentations génétiques d ' objets : simples analogies ou modèles pertinents ? le point de vue de l ' " évolutique ".< br >& ndash ;& ndash ;& ndash ;< br > genetic representations of objects : simple analogies or efficient models ? the " evolutic " point of view ; depuis une trentaine d ' ann \'{ e } es , les ing \'{ e } nieurs utilisent couramment des analogies avec l '\'{ e } volution naturelle pour optimiser des dispositifs techniques . le plus souvent , ces m \'{ e } thodes " g \'{ e } n \'{ e } tiques " ou "\'{ e } volutionnaires " sont con ←
→ optimising the input window alignment in cd - dnn based phoneme recognition for low latency processing ; we present a systematic analysis on the performance of a phonetic recogniser when the window of input features is not symmetric with respect to the current frame . the recogniser is based on context dependent deep neural networks ( cd - dnns ) and hidden markov models ( hmms ). the objective is to reduce the latency of the system by reducing the number of future feature frames required to estimate the current o ←
→ visual - semantic scene understanding by sharing labels in a context network ; we consider the problem of naming objects in complex , natural scenes containing widely varying object appearance and subtly different names . informed by cognitive research , we propose an approach based on sharing context based object hypotheses between visual and lexical spaces . to this end , we present the visual semantic integration model ( vsim ) that represents object labels as entities shared between semantic and visual context ←
→ robust and parallel bayesian model selection ; effective and accurate model selection is an important problem in modern data analysis . one of the major challenges is the computational burden required to handle large data sets that cannot be stored or processed on one machine . another challenge one may encounter is the presence of outliers and contaminations that damage the inference quality . the parallel " divide and conquer " model selection strategy divides the observations of the full data set into roughly ←
→ when is it better to compare than to score ? ; when eliciting judgements from humans for an unknown quantity , one often has the choice of making direct - scoring ( cardinal ) or comparative ( ordinal ) measurements . in this paper we study the relative merits of either choice , providing empirical and theoretical guidelines for the selection of a measurement scheme . we provide empirical evidence based on experiments on amazon mechanical turk that in a variety of tasks , ( pairwise - comparative ) ordinal measurements hav ←
→ sparse multiple kernel learning with geometric convergence rate ; in this paper , we study the problem of sparse multiple kernel learning ( mkl ), where the goal is to efficiently learn a combination of a fixed small number of kernels from a large pool that could lead to a kernel classifier with a small prediction error . we develop an efficient algorithm based on the greedy coordinate descent algorithm , that is able to achieve a geometric convergence rate under appropriate conditions . the convergence rate is a ←
→ local search for minimum weight dominating set with two - level configuration checking and frequency based scoring function ; the minimum weight dominating set ( mwds ) problem is an important generalization of the minimum dominating set ( mds ) problem with extensive applications . this paper proposes a new local search algorithm for the mwds problem , which is based on two new ideas . the first idea is a heuristic called two - level configuration checking ( cc2 ), which is a new variant of a recent powerful configur ←
→ optimizing neural networks with kronecker - factored approximate curvature ; we propose an efficient method for approximating natural gradient descent in neural networks which we call kronecker - factored approximate curvature ( k - fac ). k - fac is based on an efficiently invertible approximation of a neural network ' s fisher information matrix which is neither diagonal nor low - rank , and in some cases is completely non - sparse . it is derived by approximating various large blocks of the fisher ( corresponding to entire ←
→ mirror descent meets fixed share ( and feels no regret ) ; mirror descent with an entropic regularizer is known to achieve shifting regret bounds that are logarithmic in the dimension . this is done using either a carefully designed projection or by a weight sharing technique . via a novel unified analysis , we show that these two approaches deliver essentially equivalent bounds on a notion of regret generalizing shifting , adaptive , discounted , and other related regrets . our analysis also captures and extends th ←
→ least squares fitting of circles and lines ; we study theoretical and computational aspects of the least squares fit ( lsf ) of circles and circular arcs . first we discuss the existence and uniqueness of lsf and various parametrization schemes . then we evaluate several popular circle fitting algorithms and propose a new one that surpasses the existing methods in reliability . we also discuss and compare direct ( algebraic ) circle fits .←
→ recursive bias estimation and $ l_2 $ boosting ; this paper presents a general iterative bias correction procedure for regression smoothers . this bias reduction schema is shown to correspond operationally to the $ l_2 $ boosting algorithm and provides a new statistical interpretation for $ l_2 $ boosting . we analyze the behavior of the boosting algorithm applied to common smoothers $ s $ which we show depend on the spectrum of $ i - s $. we present examples of common smoother for which boosting generates a divergent se ←
→ reliably learning the relu in polynomial time ; we give the first dimension - efficient algorithms for learning rectified linear units ( relus ), which are functions of the form $\ mathbf { x } \ mapsto \ max ( 0 , \ mathbf { w } \ cdot \ mathbf { x })$ with $\ mathbf { w } \ in \ mathbb { s }^{ n - 1 }$. our algorithm works in the challenging reliable agnostic learning model of kalai , kanade , and mansour ( 2009 ) where the learner is given access to a distribution $\ cal { d }$ on labeled examples but the labeling may be arbitrary . we construct a ←
→ learning structured ordinal measures for video based face recognition ; this paper presents a structured ordinal measure method for video - based face recognition that simultaneously learns ordinal filters and structured ordinal features . the problem is posed as a non - convex integer program problem that includes two parts . the first part learns stable ordinal filters to project video data into a large - margin ordinal space . the second seeks self - correcting and discrete codes by balancing the projected data and ←
→ modeling attention in panoramic video : a deep reinforcement learning approach ; panoramic video provides immersive and interactive experience by enabling humans to control the field of view ( fov ) through head movement ( hm ). thus , hm plays a key role in modeling human attention on panoramic video . this paper establishes a database collecting subjects ' hm positions on panoramic video sequences . from this database , we find that the hm data are highly consistent across subjects . furthermore , we find that deep ←
→ fast , flexible models for discovering topic correlation across weakly - related collections ; weak topic correlation across document collections with different numbers of topics in individual collections presents challenges for existing cross - collection topic models . this paper introduces two probabilistic topic models , correlated lda ( c - lda ) and correlated hdp ( c - hdp ). these address problems that can arise when analyzing large , asymmetric , and potentially weakly - related collections . topic correlations in w ←
→ stereoscopic cinema ; stereoscopic cinema has seen a surge of activity in recent years , and for the first time all of the major hollywood studios released 3 - d movies in 2009 . this is happening alongside the adoption of 3 - d technology for sports broadcasting , and the arrival of 3 - d tvs for the home . two previous attempts to introduce 3 - d cinema in the 1950s and the 1980s failed because the contemporary technology was immature and resulted in viewer discomfort . but current technologies -- such as accurately - a ←
→ a new fundamental evidence of non - classical structure in the combination of natural concepts ; we recently performed cognitive experiments on conjunctions and negations of two concepts with the aim of investigating the combination problem of concepts . our experiments confirmed the deviations ( conceptual vagueness , underextension , overextension , etc .) from the rules of classical ( fuzzy ) logic and probability theory observed by several scholars in concept theory , while our data were successfully modeled in ←
→ stardata : a starcraft ai research dataset ; we release a dataset of 65646 starcraft replays that contains 1535 million frames and 496 million player actions . we provide full game state data along with the original replays that can be viewed in starcraft . the game state data was recorded every 3 frames which ensures suitability for a wide variety of machine learning tasks such as strategy classification , inverse reinforcement learning , imitation learning , forward modeling , partial information extraction , and ←
→ a fixed - point model for pancreas segmentation in abdominal ct scans ; deep neural networks have been widely adopted for automatic organ segmentation from abdominal ct scans . however , the segmentation accuracy of some small organs ( e . g ., the pancreas ) is sometimes below satisfaction , arguably because deep networks are easily disrupted by the complex and variable background regions which occupies a large fraction of the input volume . in this paper , we formulate this problem into a fixed - point model which uses ←
→ where is my forearm ? clustering of body parts from simultaneous tactile and linguistic input using sequential mapping ; humans and animals are constantly exposed to a continuous stream of sensory information from different modalities . at the same time , they form more compressed representations like concepts or symbols . in species that use language , this process is further structured by this interaction , where a mapping between the sensorimotor concepts and linguistic elements needs to be established . ther ←
→ when slepian meets fiedler : putting a focus on the graph spectrum ; the study of complex systems benefits from graph models and their analysis . in particular , the eigendecomposition of the graph laplacian lets emerge properties of global organization from local interactions ; e . g ., the fiedler vector has the smallest non - zero eigenvalue and plays a key role for graph clustering . graph signal processing focusses on the analysis of signals that are attributed to the graph nodes . the eigendecomposition of the g ←
→ knapsack based optimal policies for budget - limited multi - armed bandits ; in budget - limited multi - armed bandit ( mab ) problems , the learner ' s actions are costly and constrained by a fixed budget . consequently , an optimal exploitation policy may not be to pull the optimal arm repeatedly , as is the case in other variants of mab , but rather to pull the sequence of different arms that maximises the agent ' s total reward within the budget . this difference from existing mabs means that new approaches to maximising t ←
→ deep joint rain detection and removal from a single image ; in this paper , we address a rain removal problem from a single image , even in the presence of heavy rain and rain streak accumulation . our core ideas lie in the new rain image models and a novel deep learning architecture . we first modify an existing model comprising a rain streak layer and a background layer , by adding a binary map that locates rain streak regions . second , we create a new model consisting of a component representing rain streak ac ←
→ minimal assumption distribution propagation in belief networks ; as belief networks are used to model increasingly complex situations , the need to automatically construct them from large databases will become paramount . this paper concentrates on solving a part of the belief network induction problem : that of learning the quantitative structure ( the conditional probabilities ), given the qualitative structure . in particular , a theory is presented that shows how to propagate inference distributions in a belie ←
→ it is not all downhill from here : syllable contact law in persian ; syllable contact pairs crosslinguistically tend to have a falling sonority slope a constraint which is called the syllable contact law scl in this study the phonotactics of syllable contacts in 4202 cvccvc words of persian lexicon is investigated the consonants of persian were divided into five sonority categories and the frequency of all possible sonority slopes is computed both in lexicon type frequency and in corpus token frequency since ←
→ learning the number of neurons in deep networks ; nowadays , the number of layers and of neurons in each layer of a deep network are typically set manually . while very deep and wide networks have proven effective in general , they come at a high memory and computation cost , thus making them impractical for constrained platforms . these networks , however , are known to have many redundant parameters , and could thus , in principle , be replaced by more compact architectures . in this paper , we introduce an approach ←
→ active sites model for the b - matrix approach ; this paper continues on the work of the b - matrix approach in hebbian learning proposed by dr . kak . it reports the results on methods of improving the memory retrieval capacity of the hebbian neural network which implements the b - matrix approach . previously , the approach to retrieving the memories from the network was to clamp all the individual neurons separately and verify the integrity of these memories . here we present a network with the capability to identi ←
→ a complete hand - drawn sketch vectorization framework ; vectorizing hand - drawn sketches is a challenging task , which is of paramount importance for creating cad vectorized versions for the fashion and creative workflows . this paper proposes a complete framework that automatically transforms noisy and complex hand - drawn sketches with different stroke types in a precise , reliable and highly - simplified vectorized model . the proposed framework includes a novel line extraction algorithm based on a multi - resolutio ←
→ proceedings of the fifteenth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 1999 ) ; this is the proceedings of the fifteenth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in stockholm sweden , july 30 - august 1 , 1999 ←
→ human understandable explanation extraction for black - box classification models based on matrix factorization ; in recent years , a number of artificial intelligent services have been developed such as defect detection system or diagnosis system for customer services . unfortunately , the core in these services is a black - box in which human cannot understand the underlying decision making logic , even though the inspection of the logic is crucial before launching a commercial service . our goal in this paper i ←
→ novelty detection under multi - instance multi - label framework ; novelty detection plays an important role in machine learning and signal processing . this paper studies novelty detection in a new setting where the data object is represented as a bag of instances and associated with multiple class labels , referred to as multi - instance multi - label ( miml ) learning . contrary to the common assumption in miml that each instance in a bag belongs to one of the known classes , in novelty detection , we focus on the scen ←
→ complexity of representation and inference in compositional models with part sharing ; this paper describes serial and parallel compositional models of multiple objects with part sharing . objects are built by part - subpart compositions and expressed in terms of a hierarchical dictionary of object parts . these parts are represented on lattices of decreasing sizes which yield an executive summary description . we describe inference and learning algorithms for these models . we analyze the complexity of this mo ←
→ online learning in a contract selection problem ; in an online contract selection problem there is a seller which offers a set of contracts to sequentially arriving buyers whose types are drawn from an unknown distribution . if there exists a profitable contract for the buyer in the offered set , i . e ., a contract with payoff higher than the payoff of not accepting any contracts , the buyer chooses the contract that maximizes its payoff . in this paper we consider the online contract selection problem to maximiz ←
→ maximum entropy discrimination markov networks ; in this paper , we present a novel and general framework called {\ it maximum entropy discrimination markov networks } ( maxendnet ), which integrates the max - margin structured learning and bayesian - style estimation and combines and extends their merits . major innovations of this model include : 1 ) it generalizes the extant markov network prediction rule based on a point estimator of weights to a bayesian - style estimator that integrates over a learned distribution ←
→ niching an archive - based gaussian estimation of distribution algorithm via adaptive clustering ; as a model - based evolutionary algorithm , estimation of distribution algorithm ( eda ) possesses unique characteristics and has been widely applied to global optimization . however , traditional gaussian eda ( geda ) may suffer from premature convergence and has a high risk of falling into local optimum when dealing with multimodal problem . in this paper , we first attempts to improve the performance of geda by utiliz ←
→ learning undirected graphical models with structure penalty ; in undirected graphical models , learning the graph structure and learning the functions that relate the predictive variables ( features ) to the responses given the structure are two topics that have been widely investigated in machine learning and statistics . learning graphical models in two stages will have problems because graph structure may change after considering the features . the main contribution of this paper is the proposed method that l ←
→ an empirical analysis of the optimization of deep network loss surfaces ; the success of deep neural networks hinges on our ability to accurately and efficiently optimize high - dimensional , non - convex functions . in this paper , we empirically investigate the loss functions of state - of - the - art networks , and how commonly - used stochastic gradient descent variants optimize these loss functions . to do this , we visualize the loss function by projecting them down to low - dimensional spaces chosen based on the converg ←
→ improving the character recognition efficiency of feed forward bp neural network ; this work is focused on improving the character recognition capability of feed - forward back - propagation neural network by using one , two and three hidden layers and the modified additional momentum term . 182 english letters were collected for this work and the equivalent binary matrix form of these characters was applied to the neural network as training patterns . while the network was getting trained , the connection weight ←
→ premise selection for mathematics by corpus analysis and kernel methods ; smart premise selection is essential when using automated reasoning as a tool for large - theory formal proof development . a good method for premise selection in complex mathematical libraries is the application of machine learning to large corpora of proofs . this work develops learning - based premise selection in two ways . first , a newly available minimal dependency analysis of existing high - level formal mathematical proofs is used to b ←
→ tracking individual targets in high density crowd scenes analysis of a video recording in hajj 2009 ; in this paper we present a number of methods ( manual , semi - automatic and automatic ) for tracking individual targets in high density crowd scenes where thousand of people are gathered . the necessary data about the motion of individuals and a lot of other physical information can be extracted from consecutive image sequences in different ways , including optical flow and block motion estimation . one of the f ←
→ deep reinforcement learning for mention - ranking coreference models ; coreference resolution systems are typically trained with heuristic loss functions that require careful tuning . in this paper we instead apply reinforcement learning to directly optimize a neural mention - ranking model for coreference evaluation metrics . we experiment with two approaches : the reinforce policy gradient algorithm and a reward - rescaled max - margin objective . we find the latter to be more effective , resulting in significant impr ←
→ back and forth between rules and se - models ( extended version ) ; rules in logic programming encode information about mutual interdependencies between literals that is not captured by any of the commonly used semantics . this information becomes essential as soon as a program needs to be modified or further manipulated . we argue that , in these cases , a program should not be viewed solely as the set of its models . instead , it should be viewed and manipulated as the set of sets of models of each rule inside it ←
→ multimedia semantic integrity assessment using joint embedding of images and text ; real world multimedia data is often composed of multiple modalities such as an image or a video with associated text ( e . g . captions , user comments , etc .) and metadata . such multimodal data packages are prone to manipulations , where a subset of these modalities can be altered to misrepresent or repurpose data packages , with possible malicious intent . it is , therefore , important to develop methods to assess or verify the int ←
→ a short note on gaussian process modeling for large datasets using graphics processing units ; the graphics processing unit ( gpu ) has emerged as a powerful and cost effective processor for general performance computing . gpus are capable of an order of magnitude more floating - point operations per second as compared to modern central processing units ( cpus ), and thus provide a great deal of promise for computationally intensive statistical applications . fitting complex statistical models with a large number ←
→ verifying termination of general logic programs with concrete queries ; we introduce a method of verifying termination of logic programs with respect to concrete queries ( instead of abstract query patterns ). a necessary and sufficient condition is established and an algorithm for automatic verification is developed . in contrast to existing query pattern - based approaches , our method has the following features : ( 1 ) it applies to all general logic programs with non - floundering queries . ( 2 ) it is very easy to a ←
→ classification recouvrante basée sur les méthodes à noyau ; overlapping clustering problem is an important learning issue in which clusters are not mutually exclusive and each object may belongs simultaneously to several clusters . this paper presents a kernel based method that produces overlapping clusters on a high feature space using mercer kernel techniques to improve separability of input patterns . the proposed method , called okm - k ( overlapping $ k $- means based kernel method ), extends okm ( overlapping $ k $←
→ guarantees for greedy maximization of non - submodular functions with applications ; we investigate the performance of the standard greedy algorithm for cardinality constrained maximization of non - submodular nondecreasing set functions . while there are strong theoretical guarantees on the performance of greedy for maximizing submodular functions , there are few guarantees for non - submodular ones . however , greedy enjoys strong empirical performance for many important non - submodular functions , e . g ., the bayesi ←
→ building a large - scale multimodal knowledge base system for answering visual queries ; the complexity of the visual world creates significant challenges for comprehensive visual understanding . in spite of recent successes in visual recognition , today ' s vision systems would still struggle to deal with visual queries that require a deeper reasoning . we propose a knowledge base ( kb ) framework to handle an assortment of visual queries , without the need to train new classifiers for new tasks . building such a l ←
→ neural style transfer : a review ; the recent work of gatys et al . demonstrated the power of convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) in creating artistic fantastic imagery by separating and recombing the image content and style . this process of using cnn to migrate the semantic content of one image to different styles is referred to as neural style transfer . since then , neural style transfer has become a trending topic both in academic literature and industrial applications . it is receiving increasing attention ←
→ beslutstödssystemet dezzy - en översikt ; within the scope of the three - year anti - submarine warfare project of the national defence research establishment , the information systems subproject has developed the demonstration prototype dezzy for handling and analysis of intelligence reports concerning foreign underwater activities . ----- inom ramen f \" or foa : s tre {\ aa } riga huvudprojekt ub {\ aa } tsskydd har delprojekt informationssystem utvecklat demonstrationsprototypen dezzy till ett beslutsst \" odsystem f \"←
→ localization - aware active learning for object detection ; active learning - a class of algorithms that iteratively searches for the most informative samples to include in a training dataset - has been shown to be effective at annotating data for image classification . however , the use of active learning for object detection is still largely unexplored as determining informativeness of an object - location hypothesis is more difficult . in this paper , we address this issue and present two metrics for measuring t ←
→ codebook design method for noise robust speaker identification based on genetic algorithm ; in this paper , a novel method of designing a codebook for noise robust speaker identification purpose utilizing genetic algorithm has been proposed . wiener filter has been used to remove the background noises from the source speech utterances . speech features have been extracted using standard speech parameterization method such as lpc , lpcc , rcc , mfcc , ( delta ) mfcc and ( delta )( delta ) mfcc . for each of these techniq ←
→ toward better feature weighting algorithms : a focus on relief ; feature weighting algorithms try to solve a problem of great importance nowadays in machine learning : the search of a relevance measure for the features of a given domain . this relevance is primarily used for feature selection as feature weighting can be seen as a generalization of it , but it is also useful to better understand a problem ' s domain or to guide an inductor in its learning process . relief family of algorithms are proven to be very ←
→ parametric learning and monte carlo optimization ; this paper uncovers and explores the close relationship between monte carlo optimization of a parametrized integral ( mco ), parametric machine - learning ( pl ), and ` blackbox ' or ` oracle '- based optimization ( bo ). we make four contributions . first , we prove that mco is mathematically identical to a broad class of pl problems . this identity potentially provides a new application domain for all broadly applicable pl techniques : mco . second , we introduce immediate ←
→ diverse exploration for fast and safe policy improvement ; we study an important yet under - addressed problem of quickly and safely improving policies in online reinforcement learning domains . as its solution , we propose a novel exploration strategy - diverse exploration ( de ), which learns and deploys a diverse set of safe policies to explore the environment . we provide de theory explaining why diversity in behavior policies enables effective exploration without sacrificing exploitation . our empirical study ←
→ problem theory ; the turing machine , as it was presented by turing himself , models the calculations done by a person . this means that we can compute whatever any turing machine can compute , and therefore we are turing complete . the question addressed here is why , why are we turing complete ? being turing complete also means that somehow our brain implements the function that a universal turing machine implements . the point is that evolution achieved turing completeness , and then the explanation should be evo ←
→ visualizing and understanding deep texture representations ; a number of recent approaches have used deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) to build texture representations . nevertheless , it is still unclear how these models represent texture and invariances to categorical variations . this work conducts a systematic evaluation of recent cnn - based texture descriptors for recognition and attempts to understand the nature of invariances captured by these representations . first we show that the recently prop ←
→ efficient baseline - free sampling in parameter exploring policy gradients : super symmetric pgpe ; policy gradient methods that explore directly in parameter space are among the most effective and robust direct policy search methods and have drawn a lot of attention lately . the basic method from this field , policy gradients with parameter - based exploration , uses two samples that are symmetric around the current hypothesis to circumvent misleading reward in \ emph { asymmetrical } reward distributed problems gat ←
→ mining the web for pharmacovigilance : the case study of duloxetine and venlafaxine ; adverse reactions caused by drugs following their release into the market are among the leading causes of death in many countries . the rapid growth of electronically available health related information , and the ability to process large volumes of them automatically , using natural language processing ( nlp ) and machine learning algorithms , have opened new opportunities for pharmacovigilance . survey found that more than 70 %←
→ adaptive visualisation system for construction building information models using saliency ; building information modeling ( bim ) is a recent construction process based on a 3d model , containing every component related to the building achievement . architects , structure engineers , method engineers , and others participant to the building process work on this model through the design - to - construction cycle . the high complexity and the large amount of information included in these models raise several issues , de ←
→ a bayesian approach to tackling hard computational problems ; we are developing a general framework for using learned bayesian models for decision - theoretic control of search and reasoningalgorithms . we illustrate the approach on the specific task of controlling both general and domain - specific solvers on a hard class of structured constraint satisfaction problems . a successful strategyfor reducing the high ( and even infinite ) variance in running time typically exhibited by backtracking search algorithms is ←
→ learning the structure for structured sparsity ; structured sparsity has recently emerged in statistics , machine learning and signal processing as a promising paradigm for learning in high - dimensional settings . all existing methods for learning under the assumption of structured sparsity rely on prior knowledge on how to weight ( or how to penalize ) individual subsets of variables during the subset selection process , which is not available in general . inferring group weights from data is a key open research ←
→ slow learners are fast ; online learning algorithms have impressive convergence properties when it comes to risk minimization and convex games on very large problems . however , they are inherently sequential in their design which prevents them from taking advantage of modern multi - core architectures . in this paper we prove that online learning with delayed updates converges well , thereby facilitating parallel online learning .←
→ alternating direction method of multipliers for sparse convolutional neural networks ; the storage and computation requirements of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) can be prohibitive for exploiting these models over low - power or embedded devices . this paper reduces the computational complexity of the cnns by minimizing an objective function , including the recognition loss that is augmented with a sparsity - promoting penalty term . the sparsity structure of the network is identified using the alternating ←
→ imagenet training in minutes ; finishing 90 - epoch imagenet - 1k training with resnet - 50 on a nvidia m40 gpu takes 14 days . this training requires 10 ^ 18 single precision operations in total . on the other hand , the world ' s current fastest supercomputer can finish 2 * 10 ^ 17 single precision operations per second ( dongarra et al 2017 , https :// www . top500 . org / lists / 2017 / 06 /). if we can make full use of the supercomputer for dnn training , we should be able to finish the 90 - epoch resnet - 50 training in one minute . how ←
→ an adaptive genetic algorithm for solving n - queens problem ; in this paper a metaheuristic approach for solving the n - queens problem is introduced to find the best possible solution in a reasonable amount of time . genetic algorithm is used with a novel fitness function as the metaheuristic . the aim of n - queens problem is to place n queens on an n x n chessboard , in a way so that no queen is in conflict with the others . chromosome representation and genetic operations like mutation and crossover are describe ←
→ option discovery in hierarchical reinforcement learning using spatio - temporal clustering ; this paper introduces an automated skill acquisition framework in reinforcement learning which involves identifying a hierarchical description of the given task in terms of abstract states and extended actions between abstract states . identifying such structures present in the task provides ways to simplify and speed up reinforcement learning algorithms . these structures also help to generalize such algorithms over ←
→ supervised topic models for clinical interpretability ; supervised topic models can help clinical researchers find interpretable cooccurence patterns in count data that are relevant for diagnostics . however , standard formulations of supervised latent dirichlet allocation have two problems . first , when documents have many more words than labels , the influence of the labels will be negligible . second , due to conditional independence assumptions in the graphical model the impact of supervised labels on the lea ←
→ predicting growth fluctuation in network economy ; this study presents a method to predict the growth fluctuation of firms interdependent in a network economy . the risk of downward growth fluctuation of firms is calculated from the statistics on japanese industry .←
→ tail bounds for volume sampled linear regression ; the $ n \ times d $ design matrix in a linear regression problem is given , but the response for each point is hidden unless explicitly requested . the goal is to observe only a small number $ k \ ll n $ of the responses , and then produce a weight vector whose sum of square loss over all points is at most $ 1 +\ epsilon $ times the minimum . a standard approach to this problem is to use i . i . d . leverage score sampling , but this approach is known to perform poorly when $ k ←
→ lip reading sentences in the wild ; the goal of this work is to recognise phrases and sentences being spoken by a talking face , with or without the audio . unlike previous works that have focussed on recognising a limited number of words or phrases , we tackle lip reading as an open - world problem - unconstrained natural language sentences , and in the wild videos . our key contributions are : ( 1 ) a ' watch , listen , attend and spell ' ( wlas ) network that learns to transcribe videos of mouth motion to characters ; ←
→ reduced - rank hidden markov models ; we introduce the reduced - rank hidden markov model ( rr - hmm ), a generalization of hmms that can model smooth state evolution as in linear dynamical systems ( ldss ) as well as non - log - concave predictive distributions as in continuous - observation hmms . rr - hmms assume an m - dimensional latent state and n discrete observations , with a transition matrix of rank k <= m . this implies the dynamics evolve in a k - dimensional subspace , while the shape of the set of predictive distributi ←
→ strategic alert throttling for intrusion detection systems ; network intrusion detection systems are themselves becoming targets of attackers . alert flood attacks may be used to conceal malicious activity by hiding it among a deluge of false alerts sent by the attacker . although these types of attacks are very hard to stop completely , our aim is to present techniques that improve alert throughput and capacity to such an extent that the resources required to successfully mount the attack become prohibitive . ←
→ interpretable and pedagogical examples ; teachers intentionally pick the most informative examples to show their students . however , if the teacher and student are neural networks , the examples that the teacher network learns to give , although effective at teaching the student , are typically uninterpretable . we show that training the student and teacher iteratively , rather than jointly , can produce interpretable teaching strategies . we evaluate interpretability by ( 1 ) measuring the similarity of the teacher '←
→ diagnosing client faults using svm - based intelligent inference from tcp packet traces ; we present the intelligent automated client diagnostic ( iacd ) system , which only relies on inference from transmission control protocol ( tcp ) packet traces for rapid diagnosis of client device problems that cause network performance issues . using soft - margin support vector machine ( svm ) classifiers , the system ( i ) distinguishes link problems from client problems , and ( ii ) identifies characteristics unique to client fau ←
→ a generalization of the chow - liu algorithm and its application to statistical learning ; we extend the chow - liu algorithm for general random variables while the previous versions only considered finite cases . in particular , this paper applies the generalization to suzuki ' s learning algorithm that generates from data forests rather than trees based on the minimum description length by balancing the fitness of the data to the forest and the simplicity of the forest . as a result , we successfully obtain an al ←
→ empirically evaluating an adaptable spoken dialogue system ; recent technological advances have made it possible to build real - time , interactive spoken dialogue systems for a wide variety of applications . however , when users do not respect the limitations of such systems , performance typically degrades . although users differ with respect to their knowledge of system limitations , and although different dialogue strategies make system limitations more apparent to users , most current systems do not try to impr ←
→ the ihs transformations based image fusion ; the ihs sharpening technique is one of the most commonly used techniques for sharpening . different transformations have been developed to transfer a color image from the rgb space to the ihs space . through literature , it appears that , various scientists proposed alternative ihs transformations and many papers have reported good results whereas others show bad ones as will as not those obtained which the formula of ihs transformation were used . in addition to that ←
→ integrating user ' s domain knowledge with association rule mining ; this paper presents a variation of apriori algorithm that includes the role of domain expert to guide and speed up the overall knowledge discovery task . usually , the user is interested in finding relationships between certain attributes instead of the whole dataset . moreover , he can help the mining algorithm to select the target database which in turn takes less time to find the desired association rules . variants of the standard apriori and ←
→ active learning for speech recognition : the power of gradients ; in training speech recognition systems , labeling audio clips can be expensive , and not all data is equally valuable . active learning aims to label only the most informative samples to reduce cost . for speech recognition , confidence scores and other likelihood - based active learning methods have been shown to be effective . gradient - based active learning methods , however , are still not well - understood . this work investigates the expected gradient ←
→ robust logistic regression using shift parameters ( long version ) ; annotation errors can significantly hurt classifier performance , yet datasets are only growing noisier with the increased use of amazon mechanical turk and techniques like distant supervision that automatically generate labels . in this paper , we present a robust extension of logistic regression that incorporates the possibility of mislabelling directly into the objective . our model can be trained through nearly the same means as logistic reg ←
→ hierarchical neural language models for joint representation of streaming documents and their content ; we consider the problem of learning distributed representations for documents in data streams . the documents are represented as low - dimensional vectors and are jointly learned with distributed vector representations of word tokens using a hierarchical framework with two embedded neural language models . in particular , we exploit the context of documents in streams and use one of the language models to mo ←
→ beyond sift using binary features for loop closure detection ; in this paper a binary feature based loop closure detection ( lcd ) method is proposed , which for the first time achieves higher precision - recall ( pr ) performance compared with state - of - the - art sift feature based approaches . the proposed system originates from our previous work multi - index hashing for loop closure detection ( mild ), which employs multi - index hashing ( mih )~\ cite { greene1994multi } for approximate nearest neighbor ( ann ) search of binar ←
→ deep learning for word - level handwritten indic script identification ; we propose a novel method that uses convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for feature extraction . not just limited to conventional spatial domain representation , we use multilevel 2d discrete haar wavelet transform , where image representations are scaled to a variety of different sizes . these are then used to train different cnns to select features . to be precise , we use 10 different cnns that select a set of 10240 features , i . e . 1024 / cnn ←
→ a context aware and video - based risk descriptor for cyclists ; aiming to reduce pollutant emissions , bicycles are regaining popularity specially in urban areas . however , the number of cyclists ' fatalities is not showing the same decreasing trend as the other traffic groups . hence , monitoring cyclists ' data appears as a keystone to foster urban cyclists ' safety by helping urban planners to design safer cyclist routes . in this work , we propose a fully image - based framework to assess the rout risk from the cyc ←
→ student modeling using case - based reasoning in conventional learning system ; conventional face - to - face classrooms are still the main learning system applied in indonesia . in assisting such conventional learning towards an optimal learning , formative evaluations are needed to monitor the progress of the class . this task can be very hard when the size of the class is large . hence , this research attempted to create a classroom monitoring system based on student data of department of electrical engineering a ←
→ flexible camera calibration using a new analytical radial undistortion formula with application to mobile robot localization ; most algorithms in 3d computer vision rely on the pinhole camera model because of its simplicity , whereas virtually all imaging devices introduce certain amount of nonlinear distortion , where the radial distortion is the most severe part . common approach to radial distortion is by the means of polynomial approximation , which introduces distortion - specific parameters into the camer ←
→ efficient image set classification using linear regression based image reconstruction ; we propose a novel image set classification technique using linear regression models . downsampled gallery image sets are interpreted as subspaces of a high dimensional space to avoid the computationally expensive training step . we estimate regression models for each test image using the class specific gallery subspaces . images of the test set are then reconstructed using the regression models . based on the minimum reco ←
→ stacked structure learning for lifted relational neural networks ; lifted relational neural networks ( lrnns ) describe relational domains using weighted first - order rules which act as templates for constructing feed - forward neural networks . while previous work has shown that using lrnns can lead to state - of - the - art results in various ilp tasks , these results depended on hand - crafted rules . in this paper , we extend the framework of lrnns with structure learning , thus enabling a fully automated learning proces ←
→ scaling limit : exact and tractable analysis of online learning algorithms with applications to regularized regression and pca ; we present a framework for analyzing the exact dynamics of a class of online learning algorithms in the high - dimensional scaling limit . our results are applied to two concrete examples : online regularized linear regression and principal component analysis . as the ambient dimension tends to infinity , and with proper time scaling , we show that the time - varying joint empirical measu ←
→ path planning with inventory - driven jump - point - search ; in many navigational domains the traversability of cells is conditioned on the path taken . this is often the case in video - games , in which a character may need to acquire a certain object ( i . e ., a key or a flying suit ) to be able to traverse specific locations ( e . g ., doors or high walls ). in order for non - player characters to handle such scenarios we present invjps , an " inventory - driven " pathfinding approach based on the highly successful grid - based ju ←
→ watersheds , waterfalls , on edge or node weighted graphs ; we present an algebraic approach to the watershed adapted to edge or node weighted graphs . starting with the flooding adjunction , we introduce the flooding graphs , for which node and edge weights may be deduced one from the other . each node weighted or edge weighted graph may be transformed in a flooding graph , showing that there is no superiority in using one or the other , both being equivalent . we then introduce pruning operators extract subgraphs ←
→ probably approximately correct greedy maximization ; submodular function maximization finds application in a variety of real - world decision - making problems . however , most existing methods , based on greedy maximization , assume it is computationally feasible to evaluate f , the function being maximized . unfortunately , in many realistic settings f is too expensive to evaluate exactly even once . we present probably approximately correct greedy maximization , which requires access only to cheap anytime confidence ←
→ novelty detection for robot neotaxis ; the ability of a robot to detect and respond to changes in its environment is potentially very useful , as it draws attention to new and potentially important features . we describe an algorithm for learning to filter out previously experienced stimuli to allow further concentration on novel features . the algorithm uses a model of habituation , a biological process which causes a decrement in response with repeated presentation . experiments with a mobile robot are present ←
→ taking into account the differences between actively and passively acquired data : the case of active learning with support vector machines for imbalanced datasets ; actively sampled data can have very different characteristics than passively sampled data . therefore , it ' s promising to investigate using different inference procedures during al than are used during passive learning ( pl ). this general idea is explored in detail for the focused case of al with cost - weighted svms for imbalanced data , a situat ←
→ creating and characterizing a diverse corpus of sarcasm in dialogue ; the use of irony and sarcasm in social media allows us to study them at scale for the first time . however , their diversity has made it difficult to construct a high - quality corpus of sarcasm in dialogue . here , we describe the process of creating a large - scale , highly - diverse corpus of online debate forums dialogue , and our novel methods for operationalizing classes of sarcasm in the form of rhetorical questions and hyperbole . we show tha ←
→ macro - economic time series modeling and interaction networks ; macro - economic models describe the dynamics of economic quantities . the estimations and forecasts produced by such models play a substantial role for financial and political decisions . in this contribution we describe an approach based on genetic programming and symbolic regression to identify variable interactions in large datasets . in the proposed approach multiple symbolic regression runs are executed for each variable of the dataset to find ←
→ arabic text categorization algorithm using vector evaluation method ; text categorization is the process of grouping documents into categories based on their contents . this process is important to make information retrieval easier , and it became more important due to the huge textual information available online . the main problem in text categorization is how to improve the classification accuracy . although arabic text categorization is a new promising field , there are a few researches in this field . this p ←
→ a brief survey of image processing algorithms in electrical capacitance tomography ; to study the fundamental physics of complex multiphase flow systems using advanced measurement techniques , especially the electrical capacitance tomography ( ect ) approach , this article carries out an initial literature review of the ect method from a point of view of signal processing and algorithm design . after introducing the physical laws governing the ect system , we will focus on various reconstruction techniques that ←
→ integrating planning for task - completion dialogue policy learning ; training a task - completion dialogue agent with real users via reinforcement learning ( rl ) could be prohibitively expensive , because it requires many interactions with users . one alternative is to resort to a user simulator , while the discrepancy of between simulated and real users makes the learned policy unreliable in practice . this paper addresses these challenges by integrating planning into the dialogue policy learning based on dyna - q f ←
→ modeling spatial - temporal clues in a hybrid deep learning framework for video classification ; classifying videos according to content semantics is an important problem with a wide range of applications . in this paper , we propose a hybrid deep learning framework for video classification , which is able to model static spatial information , short - term motion , as well as long - term temporal clues in the videos . specifically , the spatial and the short - term motion features are extracted separately by two convolu ←
→ applying interval type - 2 fuzzy rule based classifiers through a cluster - based class representation ; fuzzy rule - based classification systems ( frbcss ) have the potential to provide so - called interpretable classifiers , i . e . classifiers which can be introspective , understood , validated and augmented by human experts by relying on fuzzy - set based rules . this paper builds on prior work for interval type - 2 fuzzy set based frbcs where the fuzzy sets and rules of the classifier are generated using an initial clus ←
→ learning dependency - based compositional semantics ; suppose we want to build a system that answers a natural language question by representing its semantics as a logical form and computing the answer given a structured database of facts . the core part of such a system is the semantic parser that maps questions to logical forms . semantic parsers are typically trained from examples of questions annotated with their target logical forms , but this type of annotation is expensive . our goal is to learn a semant ←
→ a random - fern based feature approach for image matching ; image or object recognition is an important task in computer vision . with the hight - speed processing power on modern platforms and the availability of mobile phones everywhere , millions of photos are uploaded to the internet per minute , it is critical to establish a generic framework for fast and accurate image processing for automatic recognition and information retrieval . in this paper , we proposed an efficient image recognition and matching method ←
→ linear spatial pyramid matching using non - convex and non - negative sparse coding for image classification ; recently sparse coding have been highly successful in image classification mainly due to its capability of incorporating the sparsity of image representation . in this paper , we propose an improved sparse coding model based on linear spatial pyramid matching ( spm ) and scale invariant feature transform ( sift ) descriptors . the novelty is the simultaneous non - convex and non - negative characters added to t ←
→ an efficient algorithm for contextual bandits with knapsacks , and an extension to concave objectives ; we consider a contextual version of multi - armed bandit problem with global knapsack constraints . in each round , the outcome of pulling an arm is a scalar reward and a resource consumption vector , both dependent on the context , and the global knapsack constraints require the total consumption for each resource to be below some pre - fixed budget . the learning agent competes with an arbitrary set of context -←
→ scalable bayesian optimization using deep neural networks ; bayesian optimization is an effective methodology for the global optimization of functions with expensive evaluations . it relies on querying a distribution over functions defined by a relatively cheap surrogate model . an accurate model for this distribution over functions is critical to the effectiveness of the approach , and is typically fit using gaussian processes ( gps ). however , since gps scale cubically with the number of observations , it has b ←
→ evaluation of the nlp components of the ovis2 spoken dialogue system ; the nwo priority programme language and speech technology is a 5 - year research programme aiming at the development of spoken language information systems . in the programme , two alternative natural language processing ( nlp ) modules are developed in parallel : a grammar - based ( conventional , rule - based ) module and a data - oriented ( memory - based , stochastic , dop ) module . in order to compare the nlp modules , a formal evaluation has been carried ←
→ know your personalization : learning topic level personalization in online services ; online service platforms ( osps ), such as search engines , news - websites , ad - providers , etc ., serve highly pe rsonalized content to the user , based on the profile extracted from his history with the osp . although personalization ( generally ) leads to a better user experience , it also raises privacy concerns for the user --- he does not know what is present in his profile and more importantly , what is being used to per sonalize ←
→ order - fractal transition in abstract paintings ; we report the degree of order of twenty - two jackson pollock ' s paintings using \ emph { hausdorff - besicovitch fractal dimension }. through the maximum value of each multi - fractal spectrum , the artworks are classify by the year in which they were painted . it has been reported that pollock ' s paintings are fractal and it increased on his latest works . however our results show that fractal dimension of the paintings are on a range of fractal dimension with values clos ←
→ adaptive online sequential elm for concept drift tackling ; a machine learning method needs to adapt to over time changes in the environment . such changes are known as concept drift . in this paper , we propose concept drift tackling method as an enhancement of online sequential extreme learning machine ( os - elm ) and constructive enhancement os - elm ( ceos - elm ) by adding adaptive capability for classification and regression problem . the scheme is named as adaptive os - elm ( aos - elm ). it is a single classifier sche ←
→ unconstrained facial landmark localization with backbone - branches fully - convolutional networks ; this paper investigates how to rapidly and accurately localize facial landmarks in unconstrained , cluttered environments rather than in the well segmented face images . we present a novel backbone - branches fully - convolutional neural network ( bb - fcn ), which produces facial landmark response maps directly from raw images without relying on pre - process or sliding window approaches . bb - fcn contains one backbone and ←
→ memoisation : purely , left - recursively , and with ( continuation passing ) style ; memoisation , or tabling , is a well - known technique that yields large improvements in the performance of some recursive computations . tabled resolution in prologs such as xsb and b - prolog can transform so called left - recursive predicates from non - terminating computations into finite and well - behaved ones . in the functional programming literature , memoisation has usually been implemented in a way that does not handle left - recursi ←
→ nested invariance pooling and rbm hashing for image instance retrieval ; the goal of this work is the computation of very compact binary hashes for image instance retrieval . our approach has two novel contributions . the first one is nested invariance pooling ( nip ), a method inspired from i - theory , a mathematical theory for computing group invariant transformations with feed - forward neural networks . nip is able to produce compact and well - performing descriptors with visual representations extracted from conv ←
→ harmonic grammar , optimality theory , and syntax learnability : an empirical exploration of czech word order ; this work presents a systematic theoretical and empirical comparison of the major algorithms that have been proposed for learning harmonic and optimality theory grammars ( hg and ot , respectively ). by comparing learning algorithms , we are also able to compare the closely related ot and hg frameworks themselves . experimental results show that the additional expressivity of the hg framework over ot af ←
→ filament and flare detection in hα image sequences ; solar storms can have a major impact on the infrastructure of the earth . some of the causing events are observable from ground in the h {\ alpha } spectral line . in this paper we propose a new method for the simultaneous detection of flares and filaments in h {\ alpha } image sequences . therefore we perform several preprocessing steps to enhance and normalize the images . based on the intensity values we segment the image by a variational approach . in a final po ←
→ the value of inferring the internal state of traffic participants for autonomous freeway driving ; safe interaction with human drivers is one of the primary challenges for autonomous vehicles . in order to plan driving maneuvers effectively , the vehicle ' s control system must infer and predict how humans will behave based on their latent internal state ( e . g ., intentions and aggressiveness ). this research uses a simple model for human behavior with unknown parameters that make up the internal states of the t ←
→ a fast audio clustering using vector quantization and second order statistics ; this paper describes an effective unsupervised speaker indexing approach . we suggest a two stage algorithm to speed - up the state - of - the - art algorithm based on the bayesian information criterion ( bic ). in the first stage of the merging process a computationally cheap method based on the vector quantization ( vq ) is used . then in the second stage a more computational expensive technique based on the bic is applied . in the speaker ←
→ statistical compressed sensing of gaussian mixture models ; a novel framework of compressed sensing , namely statistical compressed sensing ( scs ), that aims at efficiently sampling a collection of signals that follow a statistical distribution , and achieving accurate reconstruction on average , is introduced . scs based on gaussian models is investigated in depth . for signals that follow a single gaussian model , with gaussian or bernoulli sensing matrices of o ( k ) measurements , considerably smaller than the o ( k ←
→ self - taught object localization with deep networks ; this paper introduces self - taught object localization , a novel approach that leverages deep convolutional networks trained for whole - image recognition to localize objects in images without additional human supervision , i . e ., without using any ground - truth bounding boxes for training . the key idea is to analyze the change in the recognition scores when artificially masking out different regions of the image . the masking out of a region that includes the ob ←
→ feature fusion using extended jaccard graph and stochastic gradient descent for robot ; robot vision is a fundamental device for human - robot interaction and robot complex tasks . in this paper , we use kinect and propose a feature graph fusion ( fgf ) for robot recognition . our feature fusion utilizes rgb and depth information to construct fused feature from kinect . fgf involves multi - jaccard similarity to compute a robust graph and utilize word embedding method to enhance the recognition results . we also col ←
→ diversified texture synthesis with feed - forward networks ; recent progresses on deep discriminative and generative modeling have shown promising results on texture synthesis . however , existing feed - forward based methods trade off generality for efficiency , which suffer from many issues , such as shortage of generality ( i . e ., build one network per texture ), lack of diversity ( i . e ., always produce visually identical output ) and suboptimality ( i . e ., generate less satisfying visual effects ). in this work , we foc ←
→ feedback - controlled sequential lasso screening ; one way to solve lasso problems when the dictionary does not fit into available memory is to first screen the dictionary to remove unneeded features . prior research has shown that sequential screening methods offer the greatest promise in this endeavor . most existing work on sequential screening targets the context of tuning parameter selection , where one screens and solves a sequence of $ n $ lasso problems with a fixed grid of geometrically spaced regularizat ←
→ skin lesion detection based on an ensemble of deep convolutional neural network ; skin cancer is a major public health problem , with over 5 million newly diagnosed cases in the united states each year . melanoma is the deadliest form of skin cancer , responsible for over 9 , 000 deaths each year . in this paper , we propose an ensemble of deep convolutional neural networks to classify dermoscopy images into three classes . to achieve the highest classification accuracy , we fuse the outputs of the softmax layers ←
→ cascade hash tables : a series of multilevel double hashing schemes with o ( 1 ) worst case lookup time ; in this paper , the author proposes a series of multilevel double hashing schemes called cascade hash tables . they use several levels of hash tables . in each table , we use the common double hashing scheme . higher level hash tables work as fail - safes of lower level hash tables . by this strategy , it could effectively reduce collisions in hash insertion . thus it gains a constant worst case lookup time with a ←
→ tech report : a fast multiscale spatial regularization for sparse hyperspectral unmixing ; sparse hyperspectral unmixing from large spectral libraries has been considered to circumvent limitations of endmember extraction algorithms in many applications . this strategy often leads to ill - posed inverse problems , which can benefit from spatial regularization strategies . while existing spatial regularization methods improve the problem conditioning and promote piecewise smooth solutions , they lead to large nons ←
→ generative adversarial networks in estimation of distribution algorithms for combinatorial optimization ; estimation of distribution algorithms ( edas ) require flexible probability models that can be efficiently learned and sampled . generative adversarial networks ( gan ) are generative neural networks which can be trained to implicitly model the probability distribution of given data , and it is possible to sample this distribution . we integrate a gan into an eda and evaluate the performance of this system w ←
→ on dynamic ensemble selection and data preprocessing for multi - class imbalance learning ; class - imbalance refers to classification problems in which many more instances are available for certain classes than for others . such imbalanced datasets require special attention because traditional classifiers generally favor the majority class which has a large number of instances . ensemble of classifiers have been reported to yield promising results . however , the majority of ensemble methods applied too imbalanc ←
→ large - scale collaborative imaging genetics studies of risk genetic factors for alzheimer ' s disease across multiple institutions ; genome - wide association studies ( gwas ) offer new opportunities to identify genetic risk factors for alzheimer ' s disease ( ad ). recently , collaborative efforts across different institutions emerged that enhance the power of many existing techniques on individual institution data . however , a major barrier to collaborative studies of gwas is that many institutions need to preserve ←
→ un modèle pour la représentation des connaissances temporelles dans les documents historiques ; processing and publishing the data of the historical sciences in the semantic web is an interesting challenge in which the representation of temporal aspects plays a key role . we propose in this paper a model of temporal knowledge representation adapted to work on historical documents . this model is based on the notion of fluent that is represented in rdf graphs . we show how this model allows to represent the k ←
→ formal definition of ai ; a definition of artificial intelligence was proposed in [ 1 ] but this definition was not absolutely formal at least because the word " human " was used . in this paper we will formalize the definition from [ 1 ]. the biggest problem in this definition was that the level of intelligence of ai is compared to the intelligence of a human being . in order to change this we will introduce some parameters to which ai will depend . one of this parameters will be the level of intelligence and we wi ←
→ a tool for implementation of a domain model based on fuzzy relationships ; the domain model is one of the important components used by adaptive learning systems to automatically generate customized courses for the learners . in this paper our contribution is to propose a new tool for implementation of a domain model based on fuzzy relationships among concepts . this tool allows the experts and teachers to find the best parameters in order to adapt the learners ' s differences .←
→ almost instant brain atlas segmentation for large - scale studies ; large scale studies of group differences in healthy controls and patients and screenings for early stage disease prevention programs require processing and analysis of extensive multisubject datasets . complexity of the task increases even further when segmenting structural mri of the brain into an atlas with more than 50 regions . current automatic approaches are time - consuming and hardly scalable ; they often involve many error prone intermedi ←
→ understanding aesthetics in photography using deep convolutional neural networks ; evaluating aesthetic value of digital photographs is a challenging task , mainly due to numerous factors that need to be taken into account and subjective manner of this process . in this paper , we propose to approach this problem using deep convolutional neural networks . using a dataset of over 1 . 7 million photos collected from flickr , we train and evaluate a deep learning model whose goal is to classify input images by anal ←
→ an analytic expression of relative approximation error for a class of evolutionary algorithms ; an important question in evolutionary computation is how good solutions evolutionary algorithms can produce . this paper aims to provide an analytic analysis of solution quality in terms of the relative approximation error , which is defined by the error between 1 and the approximation ratio of the solution found by an evolutionary algorithm . since evolutionary algorithms are iterative methods , the relative appro ←
→ detecting botnets through log correlation ; botnets , which consist of thousands of compromised machines , can cause significant threats to other systems by launching distributed denial of service ( ssos ) attacks , keylogging , and backdoors . in response to these threats , new effective techniques are needed to detect the presence of botnets . in this paper , we have used an interception technique to monitor windows application programming interface ( api ) functions calls made by communication applications and store ←
→ the distribution of information content in english sentences ; sentence is a basic linguistic unit , however , little is known about how information content is distributed across different positions of a sentence . based on authentic language data of english , the present study calculated the entropy and other entropy - related statistics for different sentence positions . the statistics indicate a three - step staircase - shaped distribution pattern , with entropy in the initial position lower than the medial position ←
→ r3net : random weights , rectifier linear units and robustness for artificial neural network ; we consider a neural network architecture with randomized features , a sign - splitter , followed by rectified linear units ( relu ). we prove that our architecture exhibits robustness to the input perturbation : the output feature of the neural network exhibits a lipschitz continuity in terms of the input perturbation . we further show that the network output exhibits a discrimination ability that inputs that are not arb ←
→ skin segmentation based elastic bunch graph matching for efficient multiple face recognition ; this paper is aimed at developing and combining different algorithms for face detection and face recognition to generate an efficient mechanism that can detect and recognize the facial regions of input image . for the detection of face from complex region , skin segmentation isolates the face - like regions in a complex image and following operations of morphology and template matching rejects false matches to extra ←
→ contextual bandits with similarity information ; in a multi - armed bandit ( mab ) problem , an online algorithm makes a sequence of choices . in each round it chooses from a time - invariant set of alternatives and receives the payoff associated with this alternative . while the case of small strategy sets is by now well - understood , a lot of recent work has focused on mab problems with exponentially or infinitely large strategy sets , where one needs to assume extra structure in order to make the problem tractable . ←
→ efficient on - the - fly category retrieval using convnets and gpus ; we investigate the gains in precision and speed , that can be obtained by using convolutional networks ( convnets ) for on - the - fly retrieval - where classifiers are learnt at run time for a textual query from downloaded images , and used to rank large image or video datasets . we make three contributions : ( i ) we present an evaluation of state - of - the - art image representations for object category retrieval over standard benchmark datasets containi ←
→ salient object detection via objectness measure ; salient object detection has become an important task in many image processing applications . the existing approaches exploit background prior and contrast prior to attain state of the art results . in this paper , instead of using background cues , we estimate the foreground regions in an image using objectness proposals and utilize it to obtain smooth and accurate saliency maps . we propose a novel saliency measure called ` foreground connectivity ' which determi ←
→ target curricula via selection of minimum feature sets : a case study in boolean networks ; we consider the effect of introducing a curriculum of targets when training boolean models on supervised multi label classification ( mlc ) problems . in particular , we consider how to order targets in the absence of prior knowledge , and how such a curriculum may be enforced when using meta - heuristics to train discrete non - linear models . we show that hierarchical dependencies between targets can be exploited by enfor ←
→ the why and how of nonnegative matrix factorization ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) has become a widely used tool for the analysis of high - dimensional data as it automatically extracts sparse and meaningful features from a set of nonnegative data vectors . we first illustrate this property of nmf on three applications , in image processing , text mining and hyperspectral imaging -- this is the why . then we address the problem of solving nmf , which is np - hard in general . we review some standard nmf algo ←
→ paraphrase generation with deep reinforcement learning ; automatic generation of paraphrases from a given sentence is an important yet challenging task in natural language processing ( nlp ), and plays a key role in a number of applications such as question answering , search , and dialogue . in this paper , we present a deep reinforcement learning approach to paraphrase generation . specifically , we propose a new framework for the task , which consists of a \ textit { generator } and an \ textit { evaluator }, both of whi ←
→ neural rating regression with abstractive tips generation for recommendation ; recently , some e - commerce sites launch a new interaction box called tips on their mobile apps . users can express their experience and feelings or provide suggestions using short texts typically several words or one sentence . in essence , writing some tips and giving a numerical rating are two facets of a user ' s product assessment action , expressing the user experience and feelings . jointly modeling these two facets is helpful fo ←
→ low - rank multi - view clustering in third - order tensor space ; the plenty information from multiple views data as well as the complementary information among different views are usually beneficial to various tasks , e . g ., clustering , classification , de - noising . multi - view subspace clustering is based on the fact that the multi - view data are generated from a latent subspace . to recover the underlying subspace structure , the success of the sparse and / or low - rank subspace clustering has been witnessed recently . d ←
→ deep embedding for spatial role labeling ; this paper introduces the visually informed embedding of word ( view ), a continuous vector representation for a word extracted from a deep neural model trained using the microsoft coco data set to forecast the spatial arrangements between visual objects , given a textual description . the model is composed of a deep multilayer perceptron ( mlp ) stacked on the top of a long short term memory ( lstm ) network , the latter being preceded by an embedding layer . the view is ap ←
→ generating music from literature ; we present a system , transprose , that automatically generates musical pieces from text . transprose uses known relations between elements of music such as tempo and scale , and the emotions they evoke . further , it uses a novel mechanism to determine sequences of notes that capture the emotional activity in the text . the work has applications in information visualization , in creating audio - visual e - books , and in developing music apps .←
→ exploration of the scalability of locfaults approach for error localization with while - loops programs ; a model checker can produce a trace of counterexample , for an erroneous program , which is often long and difficult to understand . in general , the part about the loops is the largest among the instructions in this trace . this makes the location of errors in loops critical , to analyze errors in the overall program . in this paper , we explore the scala - bility capabilities of locfaults , our error localizatio ←
→ scalable discovery of time - series shapelets ; time - series classification is an important problem for the data mining community due to the wide range of application domains involving time - series data . a recent paradigm , called shapelets , represents patterns that are highly predictive for the target variable . shapelets are discovered by measuring the prediction accuracy of a set of potential ( shapelet ) candidates . the candidates typically consist of all the segments of a dataset , therefore , the discovery of s ←
→ chains of reasoning over entities , relations , and text using recurrent neural networks ; our goal is to combine the rich multistep inference of symbolic logical reasoning with the generalization capabilities of neural networks . we are particularly interested in complex reasoning about entities and relations in text and large - scale knowledge bases ( kbs ). neelakantan et al . ( 2015 ) use rnns to compose the distributed semantics of multi - hop paths in kbs ; however for multiple reasons , the approach lacks accura ←
→ dependency length minimization : puzzles and promises ; in the recent issue of pnas , futrell et al . claims that their study of 37 languages gives the first large scale cross - language evidence for dependency length minimization , which is an overstatement that ignores similar previous researches . in addition , this study seems to pay no attention to factors like the uniformity of genres , which weakens the validity of the argument that dlm is universal . another problem is that this study sets the baseline random l ←
→ 3d human pose estimation from a single image via distance matrix regression ; this paper addresses the problem of 3d human pose estimation from a single image . we follow a standard two - step pipeline by first detecting the 2d position of the $ n $ body joints , and then using these observations to infer 3d pose . for the first step , we use a recent cnn - based detector . for the second step , most existing approaches perform 2 $ n $- to - 3 $ n $ regression of the cartesian joint coordinates . we show that more precise pose ←
→ fully connected deep structured networks ; convolutional neural networks with many layers have recently been shown to achieve excellent results on many high - level tasks such as image classification , object detection and more recently also semantic segmentation . particularly for semantic segmentation , a two - stage procedure is often employed . hereby , convolutional networks are trained to provide good local pixel - wise features for the second step being traditionally a more global graphical model . in this work ←
→ statistical learning of spatiotemporal patterns from longitudinal manifold - valued networks ; we introduce a mixed - effects model to learn spatiotempo - ral patterns on a network by considering longitudinal measures distributed on a fixed graph . the data come from repeated observations of subjects at different time points which take the form of measurement maps distributed on a graph such as an image or a mesh . the model learns a typical group - average trajectory characterizing the propagation of measurement c ←
→ measuring pattern retention in anonymized data -- where one measure is not enough ; in this paper , we explore how modifying data to preserve privacy affects the quality of the patterns discoverable in the data . for any analysis of modified data to be worth doing , the data must be as close to the original as possible . therein lies a problem -- how does one make sure that modified data still contains the information it had before modification ? this question is not the same as asking if an accurate classifie ←
→ the tomaco hybrid matching framework for sawsdl semantic web services ; this work aims to resolve issues related to web service retrieval , also known as service selection , discovery or essentially matching , in two directions . firstly , a novel matching algorithm for sawsdl is introduced . the algorithm is hybrid in nature , combining novel and known concepts , such as a logic - based strategy and syntactic text - similarity measures on semantic annotations and textual descriptions . a plugin for the s3 contest envir ←
→ neural network approach for eye detection ; driving support systems , such as car navigation systems are becoming common and they support driver in several aspects . non - intrusive method of detecting fatigue and drowsiness based on eye - blink count and eye directed instruction controlhelps the driver to prevent from collision caused by drowsy driving . eye detection and tracking under various conditions such as illumination , background , face alignment and facial expression makes the problem complex . neural netwo ←
→ rancor : non - linear image registration with total variation regularization ; optimization techniques have been widely used in deformable registration , allowing for the incorporation of similarity metrics with regularization mechanisms . these regularization mechanisms are designed to mitigate the effects of trivial solutions to ill - posed registration problems and to otherwise ensure the resulting deformation fields are well - behaved . this paper introduces a novel deformable registration algorithm , rancor , wh ←
→ black - box generation of adversarial text sequences to evade deep learning classifiers ; although various techniques have been proposed to generate adversarial samples for white - box attacks on text , little attention has been paid to a black - box attack , which is a more realistic scenario . in this paper , we present a novel algorithm , deepwordbug , to effectively generate small text perturbations in a black - box setting that forces a deep - learning classifier to misclassify a text input . we develop novel scoring ←
→ admissible time series motif discovery with missing data ; the discovery of time series motifs has emerged as one of the most useful primitives in time series data mining . researchers have shown its utility for exploratory data mining , summarization , visualization , segmentation , classification , clustering , and rule discovery . although there has been more than a decade of extensive research , there is still no technique to allow the discovery of time series motifs in the presence of missing data , despite the ←
→ innateness , alphazero , and artificial intelligence ; the concept of innateness is rarely discussed in the context of artificial intelligence . when it is discussed , or hinted at , it is often the context of trying to reduce the amount of innate machinery in a given system . in this paper , i consider as a test case a recent series of papers by silver et al ( silver et al ., 2017a ) on alphago and its successors that have been presented as an argument that a " even in the most challenging of domains : it is possible ←
→ a block - wise , asynchronous and distributed admm algorithm for general form consensus optimization ; many machine learning models , including those with non - smooth regularizers , can be formulated as consensus optimization problems , which can be solved by the alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ). many recent efforts have been made to develop asynchronous distributed admm to handle large amounts of training data . however , all existing asynchronous distributed admm methods are based on full model ←
→ multi - channel cnn - based object detection for enhanced situation awareness ; object detection is critical for automatic military operations . however , the performance of current object detection algorithms is deficient in terms of the requirements in military scenarios . this is mainly because the object presence is hard to detect due to the indistinguishable appearance and dramatic changes of object ' s size which is determined by the distance to the detection sensors . recent advances in deep learning have ac ←
→ single image reflection removal using deep encoder - decoder network ; image of a scene captured through a piece of transparent and reflective material , such as glass , is often spoiled by a superimposed layer of reflection image . while separating the reflection from a familiar object in an image is mentally not difficult for humans , it is a challenging , ill - posed problem in computer vision . in this paper , we propose a novel deep convolutional encoder - decoder method to remove the objectionable reflection by le ←
→ associative measures and multi - word unit extraction in turkish ; associative measures are " mathematical formulas determining the strength of association between two or more words based on their occurrences and cooccurrences in a text corpus " ( pecina , 2010 , p . 138 ). the purpose of this paper is to test the 12 associative measures that text - nsp ( banerjee & pedersen , 2003 ) contains on a 10 - million - word subcorpus of turkish national corpus ( tnc ) ( aksan et . al ., 2012 ). a statistical comparison of those measures i ←
→ a perspective on confidence and its use in focusing attention during knowledge acquisition ; we present a representation of partial confidence in belief and preference that is consistent with the tenets of decision - theory . the fundamental insight underlying the representation is that if a person is not completely confident in a probability or utility assessment , additional modeling of the assessment may improve decisions to which it is relevant . we show how a traditional decision - analytic approach can be ←
→ two birds with one stone : transforming and generating facial images with iterative gan ; generating high fidelity identity - preserving faces with different facial attributes has a wide range of applications . although a number of generative models have been developed to tackle this problem , there is still much room for further improvement . in paticular , the current solutions usually ignore the perceptual information of images , which we argue that it benefits the output of a high - quality image while preservin ←
→ joint reconstruction of multi - view compressed images ; the distributed representation of correlated multi - view images is an important problem that arise in vision sensor networks . this paper concentrates on the joint reconstruction problem where the distributively compressed correlated images are jointly decoded in order to improve the reconstruction quality of all the compressed images . we consider a scenario where the images captured at different viewpoints are encoded independently using common coding so ←
→ local stability of belief propagation algorithm with multiple fixed points ; a number of problems in statistical physics and computer science can be expressed as the computation of marginal probabilities over a markov random field . belief propagation , an iterative message - passing algorithm , computes exactly such marginals when the underlying graph is a tree . but it has gained its popularity as an efficient way to approximate them in the more general case , even if it can exhibits multiple fixed points and ←
→ short term load forecasting using multi parameter regression ; short term load forecasting in this paper uses input data dependent on parameters such as load for current hour and previous two hours , temperature for current hour and previous two hours , wind for current hour and previous two hours , cloud for current hour and previous two hours . forecasting will be of load demand for coming hour based on input parameters at that hour . in this paper we are using multiparameter regression method for forecasting ←
→ a hybrid approach for hindi - english machine translation ; in this paper , an extended combined approach of phrase based statistical machine translation ( smt ), example based mt ( ebmt ) and rule based mt ( rbmt ) is proposed to develop a novel hybrid data driven mt system capable of outperforming the baseline smt , ebmt and rbmt systems from which it is derived . in short , the proposed hybrid mt process is guided by the rule based mt after getting a set of partial candidate translations provided by ebmt and smt sub ←
→ exploiting symmetry and / or manhattan properties for 3d object structure estimation from single and multiple images ; many man - made objects have intrinsic symmetries and manhattan structure . by assuming an orthographic projection model , this paper addresses the estimation of 3d structures and camera projection using symmetry and / or manhattan structure cues , which occur when the input is single - or multiple - image from the same category , e . g ., multiple different cars . specifically , analysis on the single ima ←
→ least square ellipsoid fitting using iterative orthogonal transformations ; we describe a generalised method for ellipsoid fitting against a minimum set of data points . the proposed method is numerically stable and applies to a wide range of ellipsoidal shapes , including highly elongated and arbitrarily oriented ellipsoids . this new method also provides for the retrieval of rotational angle and length of semi - axes of the fitted ellipsoids accurately . we demonstrate the efficacy of this algorithm on simula ←
→ understanding the role of adaptivity in machine teaching : the case of version space learners ; in real - world applications of education and human teaching , an effective teacher chooses the next example intelligently based on the learner ' s current state . however , most of the existing works in algorithmic machine teaching focus on the batch setting , where adaptivity plays no role . in this paper , we study the case of teaching consistent , version space learners in an interactive setting --- at any time step , the ←
→ theoretical and experimental analysis of the canadian traveler problem ; devising an optimal strategy for navigation in a partially observable environment is one of the key objectives in ai . one of the problem in this context is the canadian traveler problem ( ctp ). ctp is a navigation problem where an agent is tasked to travel from source to target in a partially observable weighted graph , whose edge might be blocked with a certain probability and observing such blockage occurs only when reaching upon one o ←
→ deepfacelift : interpretable personalized models for automatic estimation of self - reported pain ; previous research on automatic pain estimation from facial expressions has focused primarily on " one - size - fits - all " metrics ( such as pspi ). in this work , we focus on directly estimating each individual ' s self - reported visual - analog scale ( vas ) pain metric , as this is considered the gold standard for pain measurement . the vas pain score is highly subjective and context - dependent , and its range can vary signific ←
→ impulsive noise removal from color images with morphological filtering ; this paper deals with impulse noise removal from color images . the proposed noise removal algorithm employs a novel approach with morphological filtering for color image denoising ; that is , detection of corrupted pixels and removal of the detected noise by means of morphological filtering . with the help of computer simulation we show that the proposed algorithm can effectively remove impulse noise . the performance of the proposed algor ←
→ parsimonious inference on convolutional neural networks : learning and applying on - line kernel activation rules ; a new , radical cnn design approach is presented in this paper , considering the reduction of the total computational load during inference . this is achieved by a new holistic intervention on both the cnn architecture and the training procedure , which targets to the parsimonious inference by learning to exploit or remove the redundant capacity of a cnn architecture . this is accomplished , by the i ←
→ statistical function tagging and grammatical relations of myanmar sentences ; this paper describes a context free grammar ( cfg ) based grammatical relations for myanmar sentences which combine corpus - based function tagging system . part of the challenge of statistical function tagging for myanmar sentences comes from the fact that myanmar has free - phrase - order and a complex morphological system . function tagging is a pre - processing step to show grammatical relations of myanmar sentences . in the task of func ←
→ explicit computation of input weights in extreme learning machines ; we present a closed form expression for initializing the input weights in a multi - layer perceptron , which can be used as the first step in synthesis of an extreme learning ma - chine . the expression is based on the standard function for a separating hyperplane as computed in multilayer perceptrons and linear support vector machines ; that is , as a linear combination of input data samples . in the absence of supervised training for the input we ←
→ learning features with structure - adapting multi - view exponential family harmoniums ; we proposea graphical model for multi - view feature extraction that automatically adapts its structure to achieve better representation of data distribution . the proposed model , structure - adapting multi - view harmonium ( sa - mvh ) has switch parameters that control the connection between hidden nodes and input views , and learn the switch parameter while training . numerical experiments on synthetic and a real - world dataset demo ←
→ aspect - based opinion summarization with convolutional neural networks ; this paper considers aspect - based opinion summarization ( aos ) of reviews on particular products . to enable real applications , an aos system needs to address two core subtasks , aspect extraction and sentiment classification . most existing approaches to aspect extraction , which use linguistic analysis or topic modeling , are general across different products but not precise enough or suitable for particular products . instead we take a less ←
→ a selection of giant radio sources from nvss ; results of the application of pattern recognition techniques to the problem of identifying giant radio sources ( grs ) from the data in the nvss catalog are presented and issues affecting the process are explored . decision - tree pattern recognition software was applied to training set source pairs developed from known nvss large angular size radio galaxies . the full training set consisted of 51 , 195 source pairs , 48 of which were known grs for which each lobe was p ←
→ vessel segmentation in medical imaging using a tight - frame based algorithm ; tight - frame , a generalization of orthogonal wavelets , has been used successfully in various problems in image processing , including inpainting , impulse noise removal , super - resolution image restoration , etc . segmentation is the process of identifying object outlines within images . there are quite a few efficient algorithms for segmentation that depend on the variational approach and the partial differential equation ( pde ) modelin ←
→ deepstack : expert - level artificial intelligence in no - limit poker ; artificial intelligence has seen several breakthroughs in recent years , with games often serving as milestones . a common feature of these games is that players have perfect information . poker is the quintessential game of imperfect information , and a longstanding challenge problem in artificial intelligence . we introduce deepstack , an algorithm for imperfect information settings . it combines recursive reasoning to handle information asymmet ←
→ view subspaces for indexing and retrieval of 3d models ; view - based indexing schemes for 3d object retrieval are gaining popularity since they provide good retrieval results . these schemes are coherent with the theory that humans recognize objects based on their 2d appearances . the viewbased techniques also allow users to search with various queries such as binary images , range images and even 2d sketches . the previous view - based techniques use classical 2d shape descriptors such as fourier invariants , zern ←
→ recovering epipolar geometry from images of smooth surfaces ; we present four methods for recovering the epipolar geometry from images of smooth surfaces . in the existing methods for recovering epipolar geometry corresponding feature points are used that cannot be found in such images . the first method is based on finding corresponding characteristic points created by illumination ( icpm - illumination characteristic points ' method ( pm )). the second method is based on correspondent tangency points created by ←
→ large - scale probabilistic predictors with and without guarantees of validity ; this paper studies theoretically and empirically a method of turning machine - learning algorithms into probabilistic predictors that automatically enjoys a property of validity ( perfect calibration ) and is computationally efficient . the price to pay for perfect calibration is that these probabilistic predictors produce imprecise ( in practice , almost precise for large data sets ) probabilities . when these imprecise probabilities a ←
→ helping news editors write better headlines : a recommender to improve the keyword contents & shareability of news headlines ; we present a software tool that employs state - of - the - art natural language processing ( nlp ) and machine learning techniques to help newspaper editors compose effective headlines for online publication . the system identifies the most salient keywords in a news article and ranks them based on both their overall popularity and their direct relevance to the article . the system also uses ←
→ tweet2vec : learning tweet embeddings using character - level cnn - lstm encoder - decoder ; we present tweet2vec , a novel method for generating general - purpose vector representation of tweets . the model learns tweet embeddings using character - level cnn - lstm encoder - decoder . we trained our model on 3 million , randomly selected english - language tweets . the model was evaluated using two methods : tweet semantic similarity and tweet sentiment categorization , outperforming the previous state - of - the - art in both tasks .←
→ solving general arithmetic word problems ; this paper presents a novel approach to automatically solving arithmetic word problems . this is the first algorithmic approach that can handle arithmetic problems with multiple steps and operations , without depending on additional annotations or predefined templates . we develop a theory for expression trees that can be used to represent and evaluate the target arithmetic expressions ; we use it to uniquely decompose the target arithmetic problem to multiple classifi ←
→ bayesian feature selection with strongly - regularizing priors maps to the ising model ; identifying small subsets of features that are relevant for prediction and / or classification tasks is a central problem in machine learning and statistics . the feature selection task is especially important , and computationally difficult , for modern datasets where the number of features can be comparable to , or even exceed , the number of samples . here , we show that feature selection with bayesian inference takes a unive ←
→ vehicle detection in aerial images ; the detection of vehicles in aerial images is widely applied in many applications . comparing with object detection in the ground view images , vehicle detection in aerial images remains a challenging problem because of small vehicle size , monotone appearance and the complex background . in this paper , we propose a novel double focal loss convolutional neural network framework ( dfl - cnn ). in the proposed framework , the skip connection is used in the cnn structure to enhance ←
→ induction of selective bayesian classifiers ; in this paper , we examine previous work on the naive bayesian classifier and review its limitations , which include a sensitivity to correlated features . we respond to this problem by embedding the naive bayesian induction scheme within an algorithm that c arries out a greedy search through the space of features . we hypothesize that this approach will improve asymptotic accuracy in domains that involve correlated features without reducing the rate of learning in ←
→ the three pillars of machine - based programming ; in this position paper , we describe our vision of the future of machine - based programming through a categorical examination of three pillars of research . those pillars are : ( i ) intention , ( ii ) invention , and ( iii ) adaptation . intention emphasizes advancements in the human - to - computer and computer - to - machine - learning interfaces . invention emphasizes the creation or refinement of algorithms or core hardware and software building blocks through machine learning (←
→ convolutional point - set representation : a convolutional bridge between a densely annotated image and 3d face alignment ; we present a robust method for estimating the facial pose and shape information from a densely annotated facial image . the method relies on convolutional point - set representation ( cpr ), a carefully designed matrix representation to summarize different layers of information encoded in the set of detected points in the annotated image . the cpr disentangles the dependencies of shape and di ←
→ structured generative models of natural source code ; we study the problem of building generative models of natural source code ( nsc ); that is , source code written and understood by humans . our primary contribution is to describe a family of generative models for nsc that have three key properties : first , they incorporate both sequential and hierarchical structure . second , we learn a distributed representation of source code elements . finally , they integrate closely with a compiler , which allows leveraging ←
→ on the robustness of semantic segmentation models to adversarial attacks ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have been demonstrated to perform exceptionally well on most recognition tasks such as image classification and segmentation . however , they have also been shown to be vulnerable to adversarial examples . this phenomenon has recently attracted a lot of attention but it has not been extensively studied on multiple , large - scale datasets and complex tasks such as semantic segmentation which often require more s ←
→ automatic liver and tumor segmentation of ct and mri volumes using cascaded fully convolutional neural networks ; automatic segmentation of the liver and hepatic lesions is an important step towards deriving quantitative biomarkers for accurate clinical diagnosis and computer - aided decision support systems . this paper presents a method to automatically segment liver and lesions in ct and mri abdomen images using cascaded fully convolutional neural networks ( cfcns ) enabling the segmentation of a large - scal ←
→ semiblind hyperspectral unmixing in the presence of spectral library mismatches ; the dictionary - aided sparse regression ( sr ) approach has recently emerged as a promising alternative to hyperspectral unmixing ( hu ) in remote sensing . by using an available spectral library as a dictionary , the sr approach identifies the underlying materials in a given hyperspectral image by selecting a small subset of spectral samples in the dictionary to represent the whole image . a drawback with the current sr development ←
→ object - level context modeling for scene classification with context - cnn ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have been used extensively for computer vision tasks and produce rich feature representation for objects or parts of an image . but reasoning about scenes requires integration between the low - level feature representations and the high - level semantic information . we propose a deep network architecture which models the semantic context of scenes by capturing object - level information . we use long short ←
→ computational results for extensive - form adversarial team games ; we provide , to the best of our knowledge , the first computational study of extensive - form adversarial team games . these games are sequential , zero - sum games in which a team of players , sharing the same utility function , faces an adversary . we define three different scenarios according to the communication capabilities of the team . in the first , the teammates can communicate and correlate their actions both before and during the play . in the s ←
→ the essence of constraint propagation ; we show that several constraint propagation algorithms ( also called ( local ) consistency , consistency enforcing , waltz , filtering or narrowing algorithms ) are instances of algorithms that deal with chaotic iteration . to this end we propose a simple abstract framework that allows us to classify and compare these algorithms and to establish in a uniform way their basic properties .←
→ allocation problems in ride - sharing platforms : online matching with offline reusable resources ; bipartite matching markets pair agents on one side of a market with agents , items , or contracts on the opposing side . prior work addresses online bipartite matching markets , where agents arrive over time and are dynamically matched to a known set of disposable resources . in this paper , we propose a new model , online matching with ( offline ) reusable resources under known adversarial distributions ( om - rr - kad ), i ←
→ posterior sampling for reinforcement learning without episodes ; this is a brief technical note to clarify some of the issues with applying the application of the algorithm posterior sampling for reinforcement learning ( psrl ) in environments without fixed episodes . in particular , this paper aims to : - review some of results which have been proven for finite horizon mdps ( osband et al 2013 , 2014a , 2014b , 2016 ) and also for mdps with finite ergodic structure ( gopalan et al 2014 ). - review similar results ←
→ necessary and sufficient null space condition for nuclear norm minimization in low - rank matrix recovery ; low - rank matrix recovery has found many applications in science and engineering such as machine learning , signal processing , collaborative filtering , system identification , and euclidean embedding . but the low - rank matrix recovery problem is an np hard problem and thus challenging . a commonly used heuristic approach is the nuclear norm minimization . in [ 12 , 14 , 15 ], the authors established the necessary ←
→ multi - value rule sets ; we present the multi - value rule set ( mars ) model for interpretable classification with feature efficient presentations . mars introduces a more generalized form of association rules that allows multiple values in a condition . rules of this form are more concise than traditional single - valued rules in capturing and describing patterns in data . mars mitigates the problem of dealing with continuous features and high - cardinality categorical features faced by rule - based models . our formula ←
→ gaussian processes indexed on the symmetric group : prediction and learning ; in the framework of the supervised learning of a real function defined on a space x , the so called kriging method stands on a real gaussian field defined on x . the euclidean case is well known and has been widely studied . in this paper , we explore the less classical case where x is the non commutative finite group of permutations . in this setting , we propose and study an harmonic analysis of the covariance operators that enables ←
→ modélisation d ' une analyse pragma - linguistique d ' un forum de discussion ; we present in this paper , a modelling of an expertise in pragmatics . we follow knowledge engineering techniques and observe the expert when he analyses a social discussion forum . then a number of models are defined . these models emphasises the process followed by the expert and a number of criteria used in his analysis . results can be used as guides that help to understand and annotate discussion forum . we aim at modelling other pra ←
→ when does stochastic gradient algorithm work well ? ; in this paper , we consider a general stochastic optimization problem which is often at the core of supervised learning , such as deep learning and linear classification . we consider a standard stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) method with a fixed , large step size and propose a novel assumption on the objective function , under which this method has the improved convergence rates ( to a neighborhood of the optimal solutions ). we then empirically demonstrate t ←
→ playing fps games with deep reinforcement learning ; advances in deep reinforcement learning have allowed autonomous agents to perform well on atari games , often outperforming humans , using only raw pixels to make their decisions . however , most of these games take place in 2d environments that are fully observable to the agent . in this paper , we present the first architecture to tackle 3d environments in first - person shooter games , that involve partially observable states . typically , deep reinforcement lear ←
→ narrative variations in a virtual storyteller ; research on storytelling over the last 100 years has distinguished at least two levels of narrative representation ( 1 ) story , or fabula ; and ( 2 ) discourse , or sujhet . we use this distinction to create fabula tales , a computational framework for a virtual storyteller that can tell the same story in different ways through the implementation of general narratological variations , such as varying direct vs . indirect speech , character voice ( style ), point of view , a ←
→ the asymptotic performance of linear echo state neural networks ; in this article , a study of the mean - square error ( mse ) performance of linear echo - state neural networks is performed , both for training and testing tasks . considering the realistic setting of noise present at the network nodes , we derive deterministic equivalents for the aforementioned mse in the limit where the number of input data $ t $ and network size $ n $ both grow large . specializing then the network connectivity matrix to specific random ←
→ improving deep learning using generic data augmentation ; deep artificial neural networks require a large corpus of training data in order to effectively learn , where collection of such training data is often expensive and laborious . data augmentation overcomes this issue by artificially inflating the training set with label preserving transformations . recently there has been extensive use of generic data augmentation to improve convolutional neural network ( cnn ) task performance . this study benchmarks vari ←
→ spatial graph convolutions for drug discovery ; predicting the binding free energy , or affinity , of a small molecule for a protein target is frequently the first step along the arc of drug discovery . high throughput experimental and virtual screening both suffer from low accuracy , whereas more accurate approaches in both domains suffer from lack of scale due to either financial or temporal constraints . while machine learning ( ml ) has made immense progress in the fields of computer vision and natural languag ←
→ survival - supervised topic modeling with anchor words : characterizing pancreatitis outcomes ; we introduce a new approach for topic modeling that is supervised by survival analysis . specifically , we build on recent work on unsupervised topic modeling with so - called anchor words by providing supervision through an elastic - net regularized cox proportional hazards model . in short , an anchor word being present in a document provides strong indication that the document is partially about a specific topic . for e ←
→ what actions are needed for understanding human actions in videos ? ; what is the right way to reason about human activities ? what directions forward are most promising ? in this work , we analyze the current state of human activity understanding in videos . the goal of this paper is to examine datasets , evaluation metrics , algorithms , and potential future directions . we look at the qualitative attributes that define activities such as pose variability , brevity , and density . the experiments consider multiple st ←
→ dependencies : formalising semantic catenae for information retrieval ; building machines that can understand text like humans is an ai - complete problem . a great deal of research has already gone into this , with astounding results , allowing everyday people to discuss with their telephones , or have their reading materials analysed and classified by computers . a prerequisite for processing text semantics , common to the above examples , is having some computational representation of text as an abstract object . o ←
→ a study of existing ontologies in the iot - domain ; several domains have adopted the increasing use of iot - based devices to collect sensor data for generating abstractions and perceptions of the real world . this sensor data is multi - modal and heterogeneous in nature . this heterogeneity induces interoperability issues while developing cross - domain applications , thereby restricting the possibility of reusing sensor data to develop new applications . as a solution to this , semantic approaches have been proposed ←
→ robust named entity recognition in idiosyncratic domains ; named entity recognition often fails in idiosyncratic domains . that causes a problem for depending tasks , such as entity linking and relation extraction . we propose a generic and robust approach for high - recall named entity recognition . our approach is easy to train and offers strong generalization over diverse domain - specific language , such as news documents ( e . g . reuters ) or biomedical text ( e . g . medline ). our approach is based on deep contextual ←
→ weighted tensor decomposition for learning latent variables with partial data ; tensor decomposition methods are popular tools for learning latent variables given only lower - order moments of the data . however , the standard assumption is that we have sufficient data to estimate these moments to high accuracy . in this work , we consider the case in which certain dimensions of the data are not always observed --- common in applied settings , where not all measurements may be taken for all observations --- resultin ←
→ hybrid clustering based on content and connection structure using joint nonnegative matrix factorization ; we present a hybrid method for latent information discovery on the data sets containing both text content and connection structure based on constrained low rank approximation . the new method jointly optimizes the nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) objective function for text clustering and the symmetric nmf ( symnmf ) objective function for graph clustering . we propose an effective algorithm for th ←
→ principal boundary on riemannian manifolds ; we revisit the classification problem and focus on nonlinear methods for classification on manifolds . for multivariate datasets lying on an embedded nonlinear riemannian manifold within the higher - dimensional space , our aim is to acquire a classification boundary between the classes with labels . motivated by the principal flow [ panaretos , pham and yao , 2014 ], a curve that moves along a path of the maximum variation of the data , we introduce the principal boundary ←
→ action and perception for spatiotemporal patterns ; this is a contribution to the formalization of the concept of agents in multivariate markov chains . agents are commonly defined as entities that act , perceive , and are goal - directed . in a multivariate markov chain ( e . g . a cellular automaton ) the transition matrix completely determines the dynamics . this seems to contradict the possibility of acting entities within such a system . here we present definitions of actions and perceptions within multivariate mar ←
→ on causal and anticausal learning ; we consider the problem of function estimation in the case where an underlying causal model can be inferred . this has implications for popular scenarios such as covariate shift , concept drift , transfer learning and semi - supervised learning . we argue that causal knowledge may facilitate some approaches for a given problem , and rule out others . in particular , we formulate a hypothesis for when semi - supervised learning can help , and corroborate it with empirical results .←
→ hardness of the pricing problem for chains in barter exchanges ; kidney exchange is a barter market where patients trade willing but medically incompatible donors . these trades occur via cycles , where each patient - donor pair both gives and receives a kidney , and via chains , which begin with an altruistic donor who does not require a kidney in return . for logistical reasons , the maximum length of a cycle is typically limited to a small constant , while chains can be much longer . given a compatibility graph of ←
→ a dynamic clustering - based markov model for web usage mining ; markov models have been widely utilized for modelling user web navigation behaviour . in this work we propose a dynamic clustering - based method to increase a markov model ' s accuracy in representing a collection of user web navigation sessions . the method makes use of the state cloning concept to duplicate states in a way that separates in - links whose corresponding second - order probabilities diverge . in addition , the new method incorporates a clus ←
→ chinesefoodnet : a large - scale image dataset for chinese food recognition ; in this paper , we introduce a new and challenging large - scale food image dataset called " chinesefoodnet ", which aims to automatically recognizing pictured chinese dishes . most of the existing food image datasets collected food images either from recipe pictures or selfie . in our dataset , images of each food category of our dataset consists of not only web recipe and menu pictures but photos taken from real dishes , recipe and menu as ←
→ visda : the visual domain adaptation challenge ; we present the 2017 visual domain adaptation ( visda ) dataset and challenge , a large - scale testbed for unsupervised domain adaptation across visual domains . unsupervised domain adaptation aims to solve the real - world problem of domain shift , where machine learning models trained on one domain must be transferred and adapted to a novel visual domain without additional supervision . the visda2017 challenge is focused on the simulation - to - reality shift and has two ←
→ convolutional recurrent neural networks for dynamic mr image reconstruction ; accelerating the data acquisition of dynamic magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) leads to a challenging ill - posed inverse problem , which has received great interest from both the signal processing and machine learning community over the last decades . the key ingredient to the problem is how to exploit the temporal correlation of the mr sequence to resolve the aliasing artefact . traditionally , such observation led to a formulation o ←
→ compressive imaging with iterative forward models ; we propose a new compressive imaging method for reconstructing 2d or 3d objects from their scattered wave - field measurements . our method relies on a novel , nonlinear measurement model that can account for the multiple scattering phenomenon , which makes the method preferable in applications where linear measurement models are inaccurate . we construct the measurement model by expanding the scattered wave - field with an accelerated - gradient method , which is gu ←
→ improving review representations with user attention and product attention for sentiment classification ; neural network methods have achieved great success in reviews sentiment classification . recently , some works achieved improvement by incorporating user and product information to generate a review representation . however , in reviews , we observe that some words or sentences show strong user ' s preference , and some others tend to indicate product ' s characteristic . the two kinds of information play differ ←
→ scalable online convolutional sparse coding ; convolutional sparse coding ( csc ) improves sparse coding by learning a shift - invariant dictionary from the data . however , existing csc algorithms operate in the batch mode and are expensive , in terms of both space and time , on large datasets . in this paper , we alleviate these problems by using online learning . the key is a reformulation of the csc objective so that convolution can be handled easily in the frequency domain and much smaller history matrices are ne ←
→ feature enhancement network : a refined scene text detector ; in this paper , we propose a refined scene text detector with a \ textit { novel } feature enhancement network ( fen ) for region proposal and text detection refinement . retrospectively , both region proposal with \ textit { only } $ 3 \ times 3 $ sliding - window feature and text detection refinement with \ textit { single scale } high level feature are insufficient , especially for smaller scene text . therefore , we design a new fen network with \ textit { task - specific },←
→ end - to - end automatic speech translation of audiobooks ; we investigate end - to - end speech - to - text translation on a corpus of audiobooks specifically augmented for this task . previous works investigated the extreme case where source language transcription is not available during learning nor decoding , but we also study a midway case where source language transcription is available at training time only . in this case , a single model is trained to decode source speech into target text in a single pass . experime ←
→ interpretation and generalization of score matching ; score matching is a recently developed parameter learning method that is particularly effective to complicated high dimensional density models with intractable partition functions . in this paper , we study two issues that have not been completely resolved for score matching . first , we provide a formal link between maximum likelihood and score matching . our analysis shows that score matching finds model parameters that are more robust with noisy training d ←
→ state duration and interval modeling in hidden semi - markov model for sequential data analysis ; sequential data modeling and analysis have become indispensable tools for analyzing sequential data such as time - series data because a larger amount of sensed event data have become available . these methods capture the sequential structure of data of interest , such as input - output relationship and correlation among datasets . however , since most studies in this area are specialized or limited for their respecti ←
→ a hybrid monte carlo architecture for parameter optimization ; much recent research has been conducted in the area of bayesian learning , particularly with regard to the optimization of hyper - parameters via gaussian process regression . the methodologies rely chiefly on the method of maximizing the expected improvement of a score function with respect to adjustments in the hyper - parameters . in this work , we present a novel algorithm that exploits notions of confidence intervals and uncertainties to enable the ←
→ query - adaptive r - cnn for open - vocabulary object detection and retrieval ; we address the problem of open - vocabulary object retrieval and localization , which is to retrieve and localize objects from a very large - scale image database immediately by a textual query ( e . g ., a word or phrase ). we first propose query - adaptive r - cnn , a simple yet strong framework for open - vocabulary object detection . query - adaptive r - cnn is a simple extension of faster r - cnn from closed - vocabulary to open - vocabulary object detectio ←
→ shared latent subspace modelling within gaussian - binary restricted boltzmann machines for nist i - vector challenge 2014 ; this paper presents a novel approach to speaker subspace modelling based on gaussian - binary restricted boltzmann machines ( grbm ). the proposed model is based on the idea of shared factors as in the probabilistic linear discriminant analysis ( plda ). grbm hidden layer is divided into speaker and channel factors , herein the speaker factor is shared over all vectors of the speaker . then max ←
→ learning compositional visual concepts with mutual consistency ; compositionality of semantic concepts in image synthesis and analysis is appealing as it can help in decomposing known and generatively recomposing unknown data . for instance , we may learn concepts of changing illumination , geometry or albedo of a scene , and try to recombine them to generate physically meaningful , but unseen data for training and testing . in practice however we often do not have samples from the joint concept space available : ←
→ design and software implementation of subsystems for creating and using the ontological base of a research scientist ; creation of the information systems and tools for scientific research and development support has always been one of the central directions of the development of computer science . the main features of the modern evolution of scientific research and development are the transdisciplinary approach and the deep intellectualisation of all stages of the life cycle of formulation and solution of ←
→ variational approximation for heteroscedastic linear models and matching pursuit algorithms ; modern statistical applications involving large data sets have focused attention on statistical methodologies which are both efficient computationally and able to deal with the screening of large numbers of different candidate models . here we consider computationally efficient variational bayes approaches to inference in high - dimensional heteroscedastic linear regression , where both the mean and variance are desc ←
→ stereo obstacle detection for unmanned surface vehicles by imu - assisted semantic segmentation ; a new obstacle detection algorithm for unmanned surface vehicles ( usvs ) is presented . a state - of - the - art graphical model for semantic segmentation is extended to incorporate boat pitch and roll measurements from the on - board inertial measurement unit ( imu ), and a stereo verification algorithm that consolidates tentative detections obtained from the segmentation is proposed . the imu readings are used to estimate ←
→ biologically inspired hierarchical model for feature extraction and localization ; feature extraction and matching are among central problems of computer vision . it is inefficent to search features over all locations and scales . neurophysiological evidence shows that to locate objects in a digital image the human visual system employs visual attention to a specific object while ignoring others . the brain also has a mechanism to search from coarse to fine . in this paper , we present a feature extractor and ←
→ conjunctions of among constraints ; many existing global constraints can be encoded as a conjunction of among constraints . an among constraint holds if the number of the variables in its scope whose value belongs to a prespecified set , which we call its range , is within some given bounds . it is known that domain filtering algorithms can benefit from reasoning about the interaction of among constraints so that values can be filtered out taking into consideration several among constraints simultaneously . the ←
→ extremal optimization for graph partitioning ; extremal optimization is a new general - purpose method for approximating solutions to hard optimization problems . we study the method in detail by way of the np - hard graph partitioning problem . we discuss the scaling behavior of extremal optimization , focusing on the convergence of the average run as a function of runtime and system size . the method has a single free parameter , which we determine numerically and justify using a simple argument . our numerical res ←
→ topic modeling for classification of clinical reports ; electronic health records ( ehrs ) contain important clinical information about patients . efficient and effective use of this information could supplement or even replace manual chart review as a means of studying and improving the quality and safety of healthcare delivery . however , some of these clinical data are in the form of free text and require pre - processing before use in automated systems . a common free text data source is radiology reports , typi ←
→ randomized dimensionality reduction for k - means clustering ; we study the topic of dimensionality reduction for $ k $- means clustering . dimensionality reduction encompasses the union of two approaches : \ emph { feature selection } and \ emph { feature extraction }. a feature selection based algorithm for $ k $- means clustering selects a small subset of the input features and then applies $ k $- means clustering on the selected features . a feature extraction based algorithm for $ k $- means clustering constructs a small set o ←
→ automatic construction of real - world datasets for 3d object localization using two cameras ; unlike classification , position labels cannot be assigned manually by humans . for this reason , generating supervision for precise object localization is a hard task . this paper details a method to create large datasets for 3d object localization , with real world images , using an industrial robot to generate position labels . by knowledge of the geometry of the robot , we are able to automatically synchronize the ima ←
→ optimal dnn primitive selection with partitioned boolean quadratic programming ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) require very large amounts of computation both for training and for inference when deployed in the field . many different algorithms have been proposed to implement the most computationally expensive layers of dnns . further , each of these algorithms has a large number of variants , which offer different trade - offs of parallelism , data locality , memory footprint , and execution time . in addition , speci ←
→ a comparism of the performance of supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques in evolving awale / mancala / ayo game player ; awale games have become widely recognized across the world , for their innovative strategies and techniques which were used in evolving the agents ( player ) and have produced interesting results under various conditions . this paper will compare the results of the two major machine learning techniques by reviewing their performance when using minimax , endgame database , a combi ←
→ unsupervised joint mining of deep features and image labels for large - scale radiology image categorization and scene recognition ; the recent rapid and tremendous success of deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) on many challenging computer vision tasks largely derives from the accessibility of the well - annotated imagenet and pascal voc datasets . nevertheless , unsupervised image categorization ( i . e ., without the ground - truth labeling ) is much less investigated , yet critically important and difficult wh ←
→ quotient based multiresolution image fusion of thermal and visual images using daubechies wavelet transform for human face recognition ; this paper investigates the multiresolution level - 1 and level - 2 quotient based fusion of thermal and visual images . in the proposed system , the method - 1 namely " decompose then quotient fuse level - 1 " and the method - 2 namely " decompose - reconstruct then quotient fuse level - 2 " both work on wavelet transformations of the visual and thermal face images . the wavelet transform i ←
→ learning robocup - keepaway with kernels ; we apply kernel - based methods to solve the difficult reinforcement learning problem of 3vs2 keepaway in robocup simulated soccer . key challenges in keepaway are the high - dimensionality of the state space ( rendering conventional discretization - based function approximation like tilecoding infeasible ), the stochasticity due to noise and multiple learning agents needing to cooperate ( meaning that the exact dynamics of the environment are unknown ) and real - time learning (←
→ learning by observation of agent software images ; learning by observation can be of key importance whenever agents sharing similar features want to learn from each other . this paper presents an agent architecture that enables software agents to learn by direct observation of the actions executed by expert agents while they are performing a task . this is possible because the proposed architecture displays information that is essential for observation , making it possible for software agents to observe each o ←
→ more general queries and less generalization error in adaptive data analysis ; adaptivity is an important feature of data analysis --- typically the choice of questions asked about a dataset depends on previous interactions with the same dataset . however , generalization error is typically bounded in a non - adaptive model , where all questions are specified before the dataset is drawn . recent work by dwork et al . ( stoc ' 15 ) and hardt and ullman ( focs ' 14 ) initiated the formal study of this problem , and gave th ←
→ explainable artificial intelligence : understanding , visualizing and interpreting deep learning models ; with the availability of large databases and recent improvements in deep learning methodology , the performance of ai systems is reaching or even exceeding the human level on an increasing number of complex tasks . impressive examples of this development can be found in domains such as image classification , sentiment analysis , speech understanding or strategic game playing . however , because of their neste ←
→ modelling protagonist goals and desires in first - person narrative ; many genres of natural language text are narratively structured , a testament to our predilection for organizing our experiences as narratives . there is broad consensus that understanding a narrative requires identifying and tracking the goals and desires of the characters and their narrative outcomes . however , to date , there has been limited work on computational models for this problem . we introduce a new dataset , desiredb , which includes ←
→ probabilistic warnings in national security crises : pearl harbor revisited ; imagine a situation where a group of adversaries is preparing an attack on the united states or u . s . interests . an intelligence analyst has observed some signals , but the situation is rapidly changing . the analyst faces the decision to alert a principal decision maker that an attack is imminent , or to wait until more is known about the situation . this warning decision is based on the analyst ' s observation and evaluation of signal ←
→ improved error bounds based on worst likely assignments ; error bounds based on worst likely assignments use permutation tests to validate classifiers . worst likely assignments can produce effective bounds even for data sets with 100 or fewer training examples . this paper introduces a statistic for use in the permutation tests of worst likely assignments that improves error bounds , especially for accurate classifiers , which are typically the classifiers of interest .←
→ fully - convolutional measurement network for compressive sensing image reconstruction ; recently , deep learning methods have made a significant improvement in com - pressive sensing image reconstruction task . however , it still remains a problem of block effect which degrades the reconstruction results . in this paper , we pro - pose a fully - convolutional network , where the full image is directly measured with a convolutional layer . thanks to the overlapped convolutional measure - ment , the block effect is remov ←
→ a social spider algorithm for global optimization ; the growing complexity of real - world problems has motivated computer scientists to search for efficient problem - solving methods . metaheuristics based on evolutionary computation and swarm intelligence are outstanding examples of nature - inspired solution techniques . inspired by the social spiders , we propose a novel social spider algorithm to solve global optimization problems . this algorithm is mainly based on the foraging strategy of social spiders , utili ←
→ multimodal hierarchical dirichlet process - based active perception ; in this paper , we propose an active perception method for recognizing object categories based on the multimodal hierarchical dirichlet process ( mhdp ). the mhdp enables a robot to form object categories using multimodal information , e . g ., visual , auditory , and haptic information , which can be observed by performing actions on an object . however , performing many actions on a target object requires a long time . in a real - time scenario , i . e ., w ←
→ constraint propagation for first - order logic and inductive definitions ; constraint propagation is one of the basic forms of inference in many logic - based reasoning systems . in this paper , we investigate constraint propagation for first - order logic ( fo ), a suitable language to express a wide variety of constraints . we present an algorithm with polynomial - time data complexity for constraint propagation in the context of an fo theory and a finite structure . we show that constraint propagation in this manner c ←
→ grammar as a foreign language ; syntactic constituency parsing is a fundamental problem in natural language processing and has been the subject of intensive research and engineering for decades . as a result , the most accurate parsers are domain specific , complex , and inefficient . in this paper we show that the domain agnostic attention - enhanced sequence - to - sequence model achieves state - of - the - art results on the most widely used syntactic constituency parsing dataset , when trained on a large synthetic corpus ←
→ unicalc . lin : a linear constraint solver for the unicalc system ; in this short paper we present a linear constraint solver for the unicalc system , an environment for reliable solution of mathematical modeling problems .←
→ content - based video - music retrieval using soft intra - modal structure constraint ; up to now , only limited research has been conducted on cross - modal retrieval of suitable music for a specified video or vice versa . moreover , much of the existing research relies on metadata such as keywords , tags , or associated description that must be individually produced and attached posterior . this paper introduces a new content - based , cross - modal retrieval method for video and music that is implemented through deep neu ←
→ smoothed gradients for stochastic variational inference ; stochastic variational inference ( svi ) lets us scale up bayesian computation to massive data . it uses stochastic optimization to fit a variational distribution , following easy - to - compute noisy natural gradients . as with most traditional stochastic optimization methods , svi takes precautions to use unbiased stochastic gradients whose expectations are equal to the true gradients . in this paper , we explore the idea of following biased stochastic gradien ←
→ learning from non - stationary stream data in multiobjective evolutionary algorithm ; evolutionary algorithms ( eas ) have been well acknowledged as a promising paradigm for solving optimisation problems with multiple conflicting objectives in the sense that they are able to locate a set of diverse approximations of pareto optimal solutions in a single run . eas drive the search for approximated solutions through maintaining a diverse population of solutions and by recombining promising solutions selected from ←
→ a multi - parent memetic algorithm for the linear ordering problem ; in this paper , we present a multi - parent memetic algorithm ( denoted by mpm ) for solving the classic linear ordering problem ( lop ). the mpm algorithm integrates in particular a multi - parent recombination operator for generating offspring solutions and a distance - and - quality based criterion for pool updating . our mpm algorithm is assessed on 8 sets of 484 widely used lop instances and compared with several state - of - the - art algorithms in the li ←
→ a new clustering algorithm based upon flocking on complex network ; we have proposed a model based upon flocking on a complex network , and then developed two clustering algorithms on the basis of it . in the algorithms , firstly a \ textit { k }- nearest neighbor ( knn ) graph as a weighted and directed graph is produced among all data points in a dataset each of which is regarded as an agent who can move in space , and then a time - varying complex network is created by adding long - range links for each data point . fur ←
→ masked autoregressive flow for density estimation ; autoregressive models are among the best performing neural density estimators . we describe an approach for increasing the flexibility of an autoregressive model , based on modelling the random numbers that the model uses internally when generating data . by constructing a stack of autoregressive models , each modelling the random numbers of the next model in the stack , we obtain a type of normalizing flow suitable for density estimation , which we call masked ←
→ ontoloki : an automatic , instance - based method for the evaluation of biological ontologies on the semantic web ; the delineation of logical definitions for each class in an ontology and the consistent application of these definitions to the assignment of instances to classes are important criteria for ontology evaluation . if ontologies are specified with property - based restrictions on class membership , then such consistency can be checked automatically . if no such logical restrictions are applied , as is th ←
→ genetic algorithms for evolving deep neural networks ; in recent years , deep learning methods applying unsupervised learning to train deep layers of neural networks have achieved remarkable results in numerous fields . in the past , many genetic algorithms based methods have been successfully applied to training neural networks . in this paper , we extend previous work and propose a ga - assisted method for deep learning . our experimental results indicate that this ga - assisted approach improves the performance of ←
→ massively - concurrent agent - based evolutionary computing ; the fusion of the multi - agent paradigm with evolutionary computation yielded promising results in many optimization problems . evolutionary multi - agent system ( emas ) are more similar to biological evolution than classical evolutionary algorithms . however , technological limitations prevented the use of fully asynchronous agents in previous emas implementations . in this paper we present a new algorithm for agent - based evolutionary computations . the indi ←
→ reducing drift in visual odometry by inferring sun direction using a bayesian convolutional neural network ; we present a method to incorporate global orientation information from the sun into a visual odometry pipeline using only the existing image stream , where the sun is typically not visible . we leverage recent advances in bayesian convolutional neural networks to train and implement a sun detection model that infers a three - dimensional sun direction vector from a single rgb image . crucially , our meth ←
→ hyperparameter importance across datasets ; with the advent of automated machine learning , automated hyperparameter optimization methods are by now routinely used . however , this progress is not yet matched by equal progress on automatic analyses that yield information beyond performance - optimizing hyperparameter settings . in this work , we aim to answer the following two questions : given an algorithm , what are generally its most important hyperparameters , and what are good priors over their hyperparameters ' ←
→ heron inference for bayesian graphical models ; bayesian graphical models have been shown to be a powerful tool for discovering uncertainty and causal structure from real - world data in many application fields . current inference methods primarily follow different kinds of trade - offs between computational complexity and predictive accuracy . at one end of the spectrum , variational inference approaches perform well in computational efficiency , while at the other end , gibbs sampling approaches are known to be re ←
→ deepsetnet : predicting sets with deep neural networks ; this paper addresses the task of set prediction using deep learning . this is important because the output of many computer vision tasks , including image tagging and object detection , are naturally expressed as sets of entities rather than vectors . as opposed to a vector , the size of a set is not fixed in advance , and it is invariant to the ordering of entities within it . we define a likelihood for a set distribution and learn its parameters using a dee ←
→ improved tdnns using deep kernels and frequency dependent grid - rnns ; time delay neural networks ( tdnns ) are an effective acoustic model for large vocabulary speech recognition . the strength of the model can be attributed to its ability to effectively model long temporal contexts . however , current tdnn models are relatively shallow , which limits the modelling capability . this paper proposes a method of increasing the network depth by deepening the kernel used in the tdnn temporal convolutions . the best perf ←
→ drought stress classification using 3d plant models ; quantification of physiological changes in plants can capture different drought mechanisms and assist in selection of tolerant varieties in a high throughput manner . in this context , an accurate 3d model of plant canopy provides a reliable representation for drought stress characterization in contrast to using 2d images . in this paper , we propose a novel end - to - end pipeline including 3d reconstruction , segmentation and feature extraction , leveraging deep ←
→ evaluation of dense 3d reconstruction from 2d face images in the wild ; this paper investigates the evaluation of dense 3d face reconstruction from a single 2d image in the wild . to this end , we organise a competition that provides a new benchmark dataset that contains 2000 2d facial images of 135 subjects as well as their 3d ground truth face scans . in contrast to previous competitions or challenges , the aim of this new benchmark dataset is to evaluate the accuracy of a 3d dense face reconstruction algorit ←
→ impacts of dirty data : and experimental evaluation ; data quality issues have attracted widespread attention due to the negative impacts of dirty data on data mining and machine learning results . the relationship between data quality and the accuracy of results could be applied on the selection of the appropriate algorithm with the consideration of data quality and the determination of the data share to clean . however , rare research has focused on exploring such relationship . motivated by this , this paper c ←
→ hierarchical representation of prosody for statistical speech synthesis ; prominences and boundaries are the essential constituents of prosodic structure in speech . they provide for means to chunk the speech stream into linguistically relevant units by providing them with relative saliences and demarcating them within coherent utterance structures . prominences and boundaries have both been widely used in both basic research on prosody as well as in text - to - speech synthesis . however , there are no representat ←
→ cascade one - vs - rest detection network for fine - grained recognition without part annotations ; fine - grained recognition is a challenging task due to the small intra - category variances . most of top - performing fine - grained recognition methods leverage parts of objects for better performance . therefore , part annotations which are extremely computationally expensive are required . in this paper , we propose a novel cascaded deep cnn detection framework for fine - grained recognition which is trained to detect the ←
→ a neuromorphic hardware framework based on population coding ; in the biological nervous system , large neuronal populations work collaboratively to encode sensory stimuli . these neuronal populations are characterised by a diverse distribution of tuning curves , ensuring that the entire range of input stimuli is encoded . based on these principles , we have designed a neuromorphic system called a trainable analogue block ( tab ), which encodes given input stimuli using a large population of neurons with a heterog ←
→ modeling the average shortest path length in growth of word - adjacency networks ; we investigate properties of evolving linguistic networks defined by the word - adjacency relation . such networks belong to the category of networks with accelerated growth but their shortest path length appears to reveal the network size dependence of different functional form than the ones known so far . we thus compare the networks created from literary texts with their artificial substitutes based on different variants of th ←
→ efficient algorithms for non - convex isotonic regression through submodular optimization ; we consider the minimization of submodular functions subject to ordering constraints . we show that this optimization problem can be cast as a convex optimization problem on a space of uni - dimensional measures , with ordering constraints corresponding to first - order stochastic dominance . we propose new discretization schemes that lead to simple and efficient algorithms based on zero - th , first , or higher order oracles ; ←
→ offline bilingual word vectors , orthogonal transformations and the inverted softmax ; usually bilingual word vectors are trained " online ". mikolov et al . showed they can also be found " offline ", whereby two pre - trained embeddings are aligned with a linear transformation , using dictionaries compiled from expert knowledge . in this work , we prove that the linear transformation between two spaces should be orthogonal . this transformation can be obtained using the singular value decomposition . we introduce a n ←
→ evaluating the fully automatic multi - language translation of the swiss avalanche bulletin ; the swiss avalanche bulletin is produced twice a day in four languages . due to the lack of time available for manual translation , a fully automated translation system is employed , based on a catalogue of predefined phrases and predetermined rules of how these phrases can be combined to produce sentences . the system is able to automatically translate such sentences from german into the target languages french , itali ←
→ preferred well - founded semantics for logic programming by alternating fixpoints : preliminary report ; we analyze the problem of defining well - founded semantics for ordered logic programs within a general framework based on alternating fixpoint theory . we start by showing that generalizations of existing answer set approaches to preference are too weak in the setting of well - founded semantics . we then specify some informal yet intuitive criteria and propose a semantical framework for preference handling th ←
→ graph - based regularization for regression problems with highly - correlated designs ; sparse models for high - dimensional linear regression and machine learning have received substantial attention over the past two decades . model selection , or determining which features or covariates are the best explanatory variables , is critical to the interpretability of a learned model . much of the current literature assumes that covariates are only mildly correlated . however , in modern applications ranging from function ←
→ estimation considerations in contextual bandits ; although many contextual bandit algorithms have similar theoretical guarantees , the characteristics of real - world applications oftentimes result in large performance dissimilarities across algorithms . we study a consideration for the exploration vs . exploitation framework that does not arise in non - contextual bandits : the way exploration is conducted in the present may affect the bias and variance in the potential outcome model estimation in subsequent stage ←
→ outlier - robust moment - estimation via sum - of - squares ; we develop efficient algorithms for estimating low - degree moments of unknown distributions in the presence of adversarial outliers . the guarantees of our algorithms improve in many cases significantly over the best previous ones , obtained in recent works of diakonikolas et al , lai et al , and charikar et al . we also show that the guarantees of our algorithms match information - theoretic lower - bounds for the class of distributions we consider . these improve ←
→ modeling dynamic swarms ; this paper proposes the problem of modeling video sequences of dynamic swarms ( ds ). we define ds as a large layout of stochastically repetitive spatial configurations of dynamic objects ( swarm elements ) whose motions exhibit local spatiotemporal interdependency and stationarity , i . e ., the motions are similar in any small spatiotemporal neighborhood . examples of ds abound in nature , e . g ., herds of animals and flocks of birds . to capture the local spatiotemporal properties of the ds ,←
→ query answering in object oriented knowledge bases in logic programming : description and challenge for asp ; research on developing efficient and scalable asp solvers can substantially benefit by the availability of data sets to experiment with . kb_bio_101 contains knowledge from a biology textbook , has been developed as part of project halo , and has recently become available for research use . kb_bio_101 is one of the largest kbs available in asp and the reasoning with it is undecidable in general . we giv ←
→ stereo dso : large - scale direct sparse visual odometry with stereo cameras ; we propose stereo direct sparse odometry ( stereo dso ) as a novel method for highly accurate real - time visual odometry estimation of large - scale environments from stereo cameras . it jointly optimizes for all the model parameters within the active window , including the intrinsic / extrinsic camera parameters of all keyframes and the depth values of all selected pixels . in particular , we propose a novel approach to integrate constraint ←
→ on the cell - based complexity of recognition of bounded configurations by finite dynamic cellular automata ; this paper studies complexity of recognition of classes of bounded configurations by a generalization of conventional cellular automata ( ca ) -- finite dynamic cellular automata ( fdca ). inspired by the ca - based models of biological and computer vision , this study attempts to derive the properties of a complexity measure and of the classes of input configurations that make it beneficial to realize the ←
→ possibilistic assumption based truth maintenance system , validation in a data fusion application ; data fusion allows the elaboration and the evaluation of a situation synthesized from low level informations provided by different kinds of sensors . the fusion of the collected data will result in fewer and higher level informations more easily assessed by a human operator and that will assist him effectively in his decision process . in this paper we present the suitability and the advantages of using a poss ←
→ mixture of parts revisited : expressive part interactions for pose estimation ; part - based models with restrictive tree - structured interactions for the human pose estimation problem , leaves many part interactions unhandled . two of the most common and strong manifestations of such unhandled interactions are self - occlusion among the parts and the confusion in the localization of the non - adjacent symmetric parts . by handling the self - occlusion in a data efficient manner , we improve the performance of the basi ←
→ recovering 6d object pose : multi - modal analyses on challenges ; a large number of studies analyse object detection and pose estimation at visual level in 2d , discussing the effects of challenges such as occlusion , clutter , texture , etc ., on the performances of the methods , which work in the context of rgb modality . interpreting the depth data , the study in this paper presents thorough multi - modal analyses . it discusses the above - mentioned challenges for full 6d object pose estimation in rgb - d images compari ←
→ high - resolution deep convolutional generative adversarial networks ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) convergence in a high - resolution setting with a computational constrain of gpu memory capacity ( from 12gb to 24 gb ) has been beset with difficulty due to the known lack of convergence rate stability . in order to boost network convergence of dcgan ( deep convolutional generative adversarial networks ) and achieve good - looking high - resolution results we propose a new layered network structure , hdcgan , tha ←
→ linear convergence of a frank - wolfe type algorithm over trace - norm balls ; we propose a rank -$ k $ variant of the classical frank - wolfe algorithm to solve convex optimization over a trace - norm ball . our algorithm replaces the top singular - vector computation ($ 1 $- svd ) in frank - wolfe with a top -$ k $ singular - vector computation ($ k $- svd ), which can be done by repeatedly applying $ 1 $- svd $ k $ times . alternatively , our algorithm can be viewed as a rank -$ k $ restricted version of projected gradient descent . we show th ←
→ a probabilistic approach to knowledge translation ; in this paper , we focus on a novel knowledge reuse scenario where the knowledge in the source schema needs to be translated to a semantically heterogeneous target schema . we refer to this task as " knowledge translation " ( kt ). unlike data translation and transfer learning , kt does not require any data from the source or target schema . we adopt a probabilistic approach to kt by representing the knowledge in the source schema , the mapping between the source a ←
→ the world of combinatorial fuzzy problems and the efficiency of fuzzy approximation algorithms ; we re - examine a practical aspect of combinatorial fuzzy problems of various types , including search , counting , optimization , and decision problems . we are focused only on those fuzzy problems that take series of fuzzy input objects and produce fuzzy values . to solve such problems efficiently , we design fast fuzzy algorithms , which are modeled by polynomial - time deterministic fuzzy turing machines equipped with ←
→ statistical speech enhancement based on probabilistic integration of variational autoencoder and non - negative matrix factorization ; this paper presents a statistical method of single - channel speech enhancement that uses a variational autoencoder ( vae ) as a prior distribution on clean speech . a standard approach to speech enhancement is to train a deep neural network ( dnn ) to take noisy speech as input and output clean speech . although this supervised approach requires a very large amount of pair data for ←
→ patternnet : visual pattern mining with deep neural network ; visual patterns represent the discernible regularity in the visual world . they capture the essential nature of visual objects or scenes . understanding and modeling visual patterns is a fundamental problem in visual recognition that has wide ranging applications . in this paper , we study the problem of visual pattern mining and propose a novel deep neural network architecture called patternnet for discovering these patterns that are both discriminat ←
→ using intelligent agents to understand management practices and retail productivity ; intelligent agents offer a new and exciting way of understanding the world of work . in this paper we apply agent - based modeling and simulation to investigate a set of problems in a retail context . specifically , we are working to understand the relationship between human resource management practices and retail productivity . despite the fact we are working within a relatively novel and complex domain , it is clear that int ←
→ evaluating semantic parsing against a simple web - based question answering model ; semantic parsing shines at analyzing complex natural language that involves composition and computation over multiple pieces of evidence . however , datasets for semantic parsing contain many factoid questions that can be answered from a single web document . in this paper , we propose to evaluate semantic parsing - based question answering models by comparing them to a question answering baseline that queries the web and extracts ←
→ risk - constrained reinforcement learning with percentile risk criteria ; in many sequential decision - making problems one is interested in minimizing an expected cumulative cost while taking into account \ emph { risk }, i . e ., increased awareness of events of small probability and high consequences . accordingly , the objective of this paper is to present efficient reinforcement learning algorithms for risk - constrained markov decision processes ( mdps ), where risk is represented via a chance constraint or a constrai ←
→ not all pixels are equal : difficulty - aware semantic segmentation via deep layer cascade ; we propose a novel deep layer cascade ( lc ) method to improve the accuracy and speed of semantic segmentation . unlike the conventional model cascade ( mc ) that is composed of multiple independent models , lc treats a single deep model as a cascade of several sub - models . earlier sub - models are trained to handle easy and confident regions , and they progressively feed - forward harder regions to the next sub - model for proces ←
→ nesta , the nicta energy system test case archive ; in recent years the power systems research community has seen an explosion of work applying operations research techniques to challenging power network optimization problems . regardless of the application under consideration , all of these works rely on power system test cases for evaluation and validation . however , many of the well established power system test cases were developed as far back as the 1960s with the aim of testing ac power flow algorithms . i ←
→ newtonian image understanding : unfolding the dynamics of objects in static images ; in this paper , we study the challenging problem of predicting the dynamics of objects in static images . given a query object in an image , our goal is to provide a physical understanding of the object in terms of the forces acting upon it and its long term motion as response to those forces . direct and explicit estimation of the forces and the motion of objects from a single image is extremely challenging . we define interme ←
→ efficient decentralized visual place recognition from full - image descriptors ; in this paper , we discuss the adaptation of our decentralized place recognition method described in [ 1 ] to full image descriptors . as we had shown , the key to making a scalable decentralized visual place recognition lies in exploting deterministic key assignment in a distributed key - value map . through this , it is possible to reduce bandwidth by up to a factor of n , the robot count , by casting visual place recognition to a key - v ←
→ parallel gaussian process optimization with upper confidence bound and pure exploration ; in this paper , we consider the challenge of maximizing an unknown function f for which evaluations are noisy and are acquired with high cost . an iterative procedure uses the previous measures to actively select the next estimation of f which is predicted to be the most useful . we focus on the case where the function can be evaluated in parallel with batches of fixed size and analyze the benefit compared to the purely ←
→ for the sake of simplicity : unsupervised extraction of lexical simplifications from wikipedia ; we report on work in progress on extracting lexical simplifications ( e . g ., " collaborate " -> " work together "), focusing on utilizing edit histories in simple english wikipedia for this task . we consider two main approaches : ( 1 ) deriving simplification probabilities via an edit model that accounts for a mixture of different operations , and ( 2 ) using metadata to focus on edits that are more likely to be simplifica ←
→ a predictive account of cafe wall illusions using a quantitative model ; this paper explores the tilt illusion effect in the cafe wall pattern using a classical gaussian receptive field model . in this illusion , the mortar lines are misperceived as diverging or converging rather than horizontal . we examine the capability of a simple bioplausible filtering model to recognize different degrees of tilt effect in the cafe wall illusion based on different characteristics of the pattern . our study employed a diffe ←
→ benford ' s law and first letter of word ; a universal first - letter law ( fll ) is derived and described . it predicts the percentages of first letters for words in novels . the fll is akin to benford ' s law ( bl ) of first digits , which predicts the percentages of first digits in a data collection of numbers . both are universal in the sense that fll only depends on the numbers of letters in the alphabet , whereas bl only depends on the number of digits in the base of the number system . the existence of these types o ←
→ active learning on trees and graphs ; we investigate the problem of active learning on a given tree whose nodes are assigned binary labels in an adversarial way . inspired by recent results by guillory and bilmes , we characterize ( up to constant factors ) the optimal placement of queries so to minimize the mistakes made on the non - queried nodes . our query selection algorithm is extremely efficient , and the optimal number of mistakes on the non - queried nodes is achieved by a simple and efficient mincut classif ←
→ finding dominant user utterances and system responses in conversations ; there are several dialog frameworks which allow manual specification of intents and rule based dialog flow . the rule based framework provides good control to dialog designers at the expense of being more time consuming and laborious . the job of a dialog designer can be reduced if we could identify pairs of user intents and corresponding responses automatically from prior conversations between users and agents . in this paper we propose ←
→ robust spatial filtering with graph convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have recently led to incredible breakthroughs on a variety of pattern recognition problems . banks of finite impulse response filters are learned on a hierarchy of layers , each contributing more abstract information than the previous layer . the simplicity and elegance of the convolutional filtering process makes them perfect for structured problems such as image , video , or voice , where vertices are homoge ←
→ enhanced image classification with a fast - learning shallow convolutional neural network ; we present a neural network architecture and training method designed to enable very rapid training and low implementation complexity . due to its training speed and very few tunable parameters , the method has strong potential for applications requiring frequent retraining or online training . the approach is characterized by ( a ) convolutional filters based on biologically inspired visual processing filters , ( b ) random ←
→ a joint 3d - 2d based method for free space detection on roads ; in this paper , we address the problem of road segmentation and free space detection in the context of autonomous driving . traditional methods either use 3 - dimensional ( 3d ) cues such as point clouds obtained from lidar , radar or stereo cameras or 2 - dimensional ( 2d ) cues such as lane markings , road boundaries and object detection . typical 3d point clouds do not have enough resolution to detect fine differences in heights such as between road and p ←
→ improving term frequency normalization for multi - topical documents , and application to language modeling approaches ; term frequency normalization is a serious issue since lengths of documents are various . generally , documents become long due to two different reasons - verbosity and multi - topicality . first , verbosity means that the same topic is repeatedly mentioned by terms related to the topic , so that term frequency is more increased than the well - summarized one . second , multi - topicality indicates that ←
→ value function approximation in zero - sum markov games ; this paper investigates value function approximation in the context of zero - sum markov games , which can be viewed as a generalization of the markov decision process ( mdp ) framework to the two - agent case . we generalize error bounds from mdps to markov games and describe generalizations of reinforcement learning algorithms to markov games . we present a generalization of the optimal stopping problem to a two - player simultaneous move markov game . for this ←
→ clcnet : improving the efficiency of convolutional neural network using channel local convolutions ; depthwise convolution and grouped convolution has been successfully applied to improve the efficiency of convolutional neural network ( cnn ). we suggest that these models can be considered as special cases of a generalized convolution operation , named channel local convolution ( clc ), where an output channel is computed using a subset of the input channels . this definition entails computation dependency relati ←
→ learning word sense embeddings from word sense definitions ; word embeddings play a significant role in many modern nlp systems . since learning one representation per word is problematic for polysemous words and homonymous words , researchers propose to use one embedding per word sense . their approaches mainly train word sense embeddings on a corpus . in this paper , we propose to use word sense definitions to learn one embedding per word sense . experimental results on word similarity tasks and a word sense di ←
→ semantically consistent image completion with fine - grained details ; image completion has achieved significant progress due to advances in generative adversarial networks ( gans ). albeit natural - looking , the synthesized contents still lack details , especially for scenes with complex structures or images with large holes . this is because there exists a gap between low - level reconstruction loss and high - level adversarial loss . to address this issue , we introduce a perceptual network to provide mid - level guidan ←
→ max - value entropy search for efficient bayesian optimization ; entropy search ( es ) and predictive entropy search ( pes ) are popular and empirically successful bayesian optimization techniques . both rely on a compelling information - theoretic motivation , and maximize the information gained about the $\ arg \ max $ of the unknown function ; yet , both are plagued by the expensive computation for estimating entropies . we propose a new criterion , max - value entropy search ( mes ), that instead uses the information about t ←
→ from predictive to prescriptive analytics ; in this paper , we combine ideas from machine learning ( ml ) and operations research and management science ( or / ms ) in developing a framework , along with specific methods , for using data to prescribe decisions in or / ms problems . in a departure from other work on data - driven optimization and reflecting our practical experience with the data available in applications of or / ms , we consider data consisting , not only of observations of quantities with direct effect on co ←
→ scatternet hybrid deep learning ( shdl ) network for object classification ; the paper proposes the scatternet hybrid deep learning ( shdl ) network that extracts invariant and discriminative image representations for object recognition . shdl framework is constructed with a multi - layer scatternet front - end , an unsupervised learning middle , and a supervised learning back - end module . each layer of the shdl network is automatically designed as an explicit optimization problem leading to an optimal deep learning ar ←
→ functorial hierarchical clustering with overlaps ; this work draws its inspiration from three important sources of research on dissimilarity - based clustering and intertwines those three threads into a consistent principled functorial theory of clustering . those three are the overlapping clustering of jardine and sibson , the functorial approach of carlsson and memoli to partition - based clustering , and the isbell / dress school ' s study of injective envelopes . carlsson and memoli introduce the idea of viewing cl ←
→ learning meta - embeddings by using ensembles of embedding sets ; word embeddings -- distributed representations of words -- in deep learning are beneficial for many tasks in natural language processing ( nlp ). however , different embedding sets vary greatly in quality and characteristics of the captured semantics . instead of relying on a more advanced algorithm for embedding learning , this paper proposes an ensemble approach of combining different public embedding sets with the aim of learning meta - embeddings .←
→ learning spread - out local feature descriptors ; we propose a simple , yet powerful regularization technique that can be used to significantly improve both the pairwise and triplet losses in learning local feature descriptors . the idea is that in order to fully utilize the expressive power of the descriptor space , good local feature descriptors should be sufficiently " spread - out " over the space . in this work , we propose a regularization term to maximize the spread in feature descriptor inspired by the propert ←
→ distance - weighted support vector machine ; a novel linear classification method that possesses the merits of both the support vector machine ( svm ) and the distance - weighted discrimination ( dwd ) is proposed in this article . the proposed distance - weighted support vector machine method can be viewed as a hybrid of svm and dwd that finds the classification direction by minimizing mainly the dwd loss , and determines the intercept term in the svm manner . we show that our method inheres the merit of dwd , and hence ←
→ how much data is needed to train a medical image deep learning system to achieve necessary high accuracy ? ; the use of convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) in natural image classification systems has produced very impressive results . combined with the inherent nature of medical images that make them ideal for deep - learning , further application of such systems to medical image classification holds much promise . however , the usefulness and potential impact of such a system can be completely negated if it doe ←
→ augment - and - conquer negative binomial processes ; by developing data augmentation methods unique to the negative binomial ( nb ) distribution , we unite seemingly disjoint count and mixture models under the nb process framework . we develop fundamental properties of the models and derive efficient gibbs sampling inference . we show that the gamma - nb process can be reduced to the hierarchical dirichlet process with normalization , highlighting its unique theoretical , structural and computational advantages . a vari ←
→ 3d cnn - based classification using smri and md - dti images for alzheimer disease studies ; computer - aided early diagnosis of alzheimers disease ( ad ) and its prodromal form , mild cognitive impairment ( mci ), has been the subject of extensive research in recent years . some recent studies have shown promising results in the ad and mci determination using structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging ( smri , fmri ), positron emission tomography ( pet ) and diffusion tensor imaging ( dti ) modalities . furthermor ←
→ deep directed generative autoencoders ; for discrete data , the likelihood $ p ( x )$ can be rewritten exactly and parametrized into $ p ( x = x ) = p ( x = x | h = f ( x )) p ( h = f ( x ))$ if $ p ( x | h )$ has enough capacity to put no probability mass on any $ x '$ for which $ f ( x ')\ neq f ( x )$, where $ f (\ cdot )$ is a deterministic discrete function . the log of the first factor gives rise to the log - likelihood reconstruction error of an autoencoder with $ f (\ cdot )$ as the encoder and $ p ( x | h )$ as the ( probabilistic ) decoder . the log ←
→ joint auto - encoders : a flexible multi - task learning framework ; the incorporation of prior knowledge into learning is essential in achieving good performance based on small noisy samples . such knowledge is often incorporated through the availability of related data arising from domains and tasks similar to the one of current interest . ideally one would like to allow both the data for the current task and for previous related tasks to self - organize the learning system in such a way that commonalities and dif ←
→ parameter estimation in softmax decision - making models with linear objective functions ; with an eye towards human - centered automation , we contribute to the development of a systematic means to infer features of human decision - making from behavioral data . motivated by the common use of softmax selection in models of human decision - making , we study the maximum likelihood parameter estimation problem for softmax decision - making models with linear objective functions . we present conditions under which the li ←
→ multi - level coding efficiency with improved quality for image compression based on ambtc ; in this paper , we have proposed an extended version of absolute moment block truncation coding ( ambtc ) to compress images . generally the elements of a bitplane used in the variants of block truncation coding ( btc ) are of size 1 bit . but it has been extended to two bits in the proposed method . number of statistical moments preserved to reconstruct the compressed has also been raised from 2 to 4 . hence , the quality of ←
→ effective slot filling based on shallow distant supervision methods ; spoken language systems at saarland university ( lsv ) participated this year with 5 runs at the tac kbp english slot filling track . effective algorithms for all parts of the pipeline , from document retrieval to relation prediction and response post - processing , are bundled in a modular end - to - end relation extraction system called relationfactory . the main run solely focuses on shallow techniques and achieved significant improvements over ls ←
→ geometric context from videos ; we present a novel algorithm for estimating the broad 3d geometric structure of outdoor video scenes . leveraging spatio - temporal video segmentation , we decompose a dynamic scene captured by a video into geometric classes , based on predictions made by region - classifiers that are trained on appearance and motion features . by examining the homogeneity of the prediction , we combine predictions across multiple segmentation hierarchy levels alleviating the need to determine the gra ←
→ how noisy data affects geometric semantic genetic programming ; noise is a consequence of acquiring and pre - processing data from the environment , and shows fluctuations from different sources --- e . g ., from sensors , signal processing technology or even human error . as a machine learning technique , genetic programming ( gp ) is not immune to this problem , which the field has frequently addressed . recently , geometric semantic genetic programming ( gsgp ), a semantic - aware branch of gp , has shown robustness and high ←
→ robust probabilistic predictive syntactic processing ; this thesis presents a broad - coverage probabilistic top - down parser , and its application to the problem of language modeling for speech recognition . the parser builds fully connected derivations incrementally , in a single pass from left - to - right across the string . we argue that the parsing approach that we have adopted is well - motivated from a psycholinguistic perspective , as a model that captures probabilistic dependencies between lexical items , as par ←
→ plug - and - play priors for bright field electron tomography and sparse interpolation ; many material and biological samples in scientific imaging are characterized by non - local repeating structures . these are studied using scanning electron microscopy and electron tomography . sparse sampling of individual pixels in a 2d image acquisition geometry , or sparse sampling of projection images with large tilt increments in a tomography experiment , can enable high speed data acquisition and minimize sample damage c ←
→ shuffleseg : real - time semantic segmentation network ; real - time semantic segmentation is of significant importance for mobile and robotics related applications . we propose a computationally efficient segmentation network which we term as shuffleseg . the proposed architecture is based on grouped convolution and channel shuffling in its encoder for improving the performance . an ablation study of different decoding methods is compared including skip architecture , unet , and dilation frontend . interesting insigh ←
→ max - margin invariant features from transformed unlabeled data ; the study of representations invariant to common transformations of the data is important to learning . most techniques have focused on local approximate invariance implemented within expensive optimization frameworks lacking explicit theoretical guarantees . in this paper , we study kernels that are invariant to a unitary group while having theoretical guarantees in addressing the important practical issue of unavailability of transformed version ←
→ systematic derivation of behaviour characterisations in evolutionary robotics ; evolutionary techniques driven by behavioural diversity , such as novelty search , have shown significant potential in evolutionary robotics . these techniques rely on priorly specified behaviour characterisations to estimate the similarity between individuals . characterisations are typically defined in an ad hoc manner based on the experimenter ' s intuition and knowledge about the task . alternatively , generic characterisations ba ←
→ a new recurrent neural network based predictive model for faecal calprotectin analysis : a retrospective study ; faecal calprotectin ( fc ) is a surrogate marker for intestinal inflammation , termed inflammatory bowel disease ( ibd ), but not for cancer . in this retrospective study of 804 patients , an enhanced benchmark predictive model for analyzing fc is developed , based on a novel state - of - the - art echo state network ( esn ), an advanced dynamic recurrent neural network which implements a biologically plausible ←
→ verifying properties of binarized deep neural networks ; understanding properties of deep neural networks is an important challenge in deep learning . in this paper , we take a step in this direction by proposing a rigorous way of verifying properties of a popular class of neural networks , binarized neural networks , using the well - developed means of boolean satisfiability . our main contribution is a construction that creates a representation of a binarized neural network as a boolean formula . our encoding is ←
→ deep network flow for multi - object tracking ; data association problems are an important component of many computer vision applications , with multi - object tracking being one of the most prominent examples . a typical approach to data association involves finding a graph matching or network flow that minimizes a sum of pairwise association costs , which are often either hand - crafted or learned as linear functions of fixed features . in this work , we demonstrate that it is possible to learn features for network -←
→ learning non - overlapping convolutional neural networks with multiple kernels ; in this paper , we consider parameter recovery for non - overlapping convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) with multiple kernels . we show that when the inputs follow gaussian distribution and the sample size is sufficiently large , the squared loss of such cnns is $\ mathit {~ locally ~ strongly ~ convex }$ in a basin of attraction near the global optima for most popular activation functions , like relu , leaky relu , squared relu , sigmoid and ←
→ image set based collaborative representation for face recognition ; with the rapid development of digital imaging and communication technologies , image set based face recognition ( isfr ) is becoming increasingly important . one key issue of isfr is how to effectively and efficiently represent the query face image set by using the gallery face image sets . the set - to - set distance based methods ignore the relationship between gallery sets , while representing the query set images individually over the gallery set ←
→ mixtures of gaussians and minimum relative entropy techniques for modeling continuous uncertainties ; problems of probabilistic inference and decision making under uncertainty commonly involve continuous random variables . often these are discretized to a few points , to simplify assessments and computations . an alternative approximation is to fit analytically tractable continuous probability distributions . this approach has potential simplicity and accuracy advantages , especially if variables can be transf ←
→ a novel approach for finger vein verification based on self - taught learning ; in this paper , we propose a method for user finger vein authentication ( fva ) as a biometric system . using the discriminative features for classifying theses finger veins is one of the main tips that make difference in related works , thus we propose to learn a set of representative features , based on autoencoders . we model the user finger vein using a gaussian distribution . experimental results show that our algorithm perform lik ←
→ the extreme value machine ; it is often desirable to be able to recognize when inputs to a recognition function learned in a supervised manner correspond to classes unseen at training time . with this ability , new class labels could be assigned to these inputs by a human operator , allowing them to be incorporated into the recognition function --- ideally under an efficient incremental update mechanism . while good algorithms that assume inputs from a fixed set of classes exist , e . g ., artificial neural network ←
→ machine learned resume - job matching solution ; job search through online matching engines nowadays are very prominent and beneficial to both job seekers and employers . but the solutions of traditional engines without understanding the semantic meanings of different resumes have not kept pace with the incredible changes in machine learning techniques and computing capability . these solutions are usually driven by manual rules and predefined weights of keywords which lead to an inefficient and frustrating sea ←
→ first - order conditional logic revisited ; conditional logics play an important role in recent attempts to formulate theories of default reasoning . this paper investigates first - order conditional logic . we show that , as for first - order probabilistic logic , it is important not to confound statistical conditionals over the domain ( such as `` most birds fly ''), and subjective conditionals over possible worlds ( such as `` i believe that tweety is unlikely to fly ''). we then address the issue of ascribing semantics ←
→ regularization strategies and empirical bayesian learning for mkl ; multiple kernel learning ( mkl ), structured sparsity , and multi - task learning have recently received considerable attention . in this paper , we show how different mkl algorithms can be understood as applications of either regularization on the kernel weights or block - norm - based regularization , which is more common in structured sparsity and multi - task learning . we show that these two regularization strategies can be systematically mapped to e ←
→ the reversible residual network : backpropagation without storing activations ; deep residual networks ( resnets ) have significantly pushed forward the state - of - the - art on image classification , increasing in performance as networks grow both deeper and wider . however , memory consumption becomes a bottleneck , as one needs to store the activations in order to calculate gradients using backpropagation . we present the reversible residual network ( revnet ), a variant of resnets where each layer ' s activations can ←
→ regularization and optimization strategies in deep convolutional neural network ; convolution neural networks , known as convnets exceptionally perform well in many complex machine learning tasks . the architecture of convnets demands the huge and rich amount of data and involves with a vast number of parameters that leads the learning takes to be computationally expensive , slow convergence towards the global minima , trap in local minima with poor predictions . in some cases , architecture overfits the data a ←
→ persum : novel systems for document summarization in persian ; in this paper we explore the problem of document summarization in persian language from two distinct angles . in our first approach , we modify a popular and widely cited persian document summarization framework to see how it works on a realistic corpus of news articles . human evaluation on generated summaries shows that graph - based methods perform better than the modified systems . we carry this intuition forward in our second approach , and probe d ←
→ reasoning about linguistic regularities in word embeddings using matrix manifolds ; recent work has explored methods for learning continuous vector space word representations reflecting the underlying semantics of words . simple vector space arithmetic using cosine distances has been shown to capture certain types of analogies , such as reasoning about plurals from singulars , past tense from present tense , etc . in this paper , we introduce a new approach to capture analogies in continuous word representation ←
→ nonparametric bayesian logic ; the bayesian logic ( blog ) language was recently developed for defining first - order probability models over worlds with unknown numbers of objects . it handles important problems in ai , including data association and population estimation . this paper extends blog by adopting generative processes over function spaces - known as nonparametrics in the bayesian literature . we introduce syntax for reasoning about arbitrary collections of objects , and their properties , in an intuitive ←
→ master ' s thesis : deep learning for visual recognition ; the goal of our research is to develop methods advancing automatic visual recognition . in order to predict the unique or multiple labels associated to an image , we study different kind of deep neural networks architectures and methods for supervised features learning . we first draw up a state - of - the - art review of the convolutional neural networks aiming to understand the history behind this family of statistical models , the limit of modern architectur ←
→ green stability assumption : unsupervised learning for statistics - based illumination estimation ; in the image processing pipeline of almost every digital camera there is a part dedicated to computational color constancy i . e . to removing the influence of illumination on the colors of the image scene . some of the best known illumination estimation methods are the so called statistics - based methods . they are less accurate than the learning - based illumination estimation methods , but they are faster and simple ←
→ photo - realistic facial texture transfer ; style transfer methods have achieved significant success in recent years with the use of convolutional neural networks . however , many of these methods concentrate on artistic style transfer with few constraints on the output image appearance . we address the challenging problem of transferring face texture from a style face image to a content face image in a photorealistic manner without changing the identity of the original content image . our framework for face text ←
→ pac - learning recursive logic programs : efficient algorithms ; we present algorithms that learn certain classes of function - free recursive logic programs in polynomial time from equivalence queries . in particular , we show that a single k - ary recursive constant - depth determinate clause is learnable . two - clause programs consisting of one learnable recursive clause and one constant - depth determinate non - recursive clause are also learnable , if an additional `` basecase '' oracle is assumed . these results immediate ←
→ projection based advanced motion model for cubic mapping for 360 - degree video ; this paper proposes a novel advanced motion model to handle the irregular motion for the cubic map projection of 360 - degree video . since the irregular motion is mainly caused by the projection from the sphere to the cube map , we first try to project the pixels in both the current picture and reference picture from unfolding cube back to the sphere . then through utilizing the characteristic that most of the motions in the spher ←
→ helping ai to play hearthstone : aaia ' 17 data mining challenge ; this paper summarizes the aaia ' 17 data mining challenge : helping ai to play hearthstone which was held between march 23 , and may 15 , 2017 at the knowledge pit platform . we briefly describe the scope and background of this competition in the context of a more general project related to the development of an ai engine for video games , called grail . we also discuss the outcomes of this challenge and demonstrate how predictive models for the assess ←
→ bayesian semi - nonnegative tri - matrix factorization to identify pathways associated with cancer types ; identifying altered pathways that are associated with specific cancer types can potentially bring a significant impact on cancer patient treatment . accurate identification of such key altered pathways information can be used to develop novel therapeutic agents as well as to understand the molecular mechanisms of various types of cancers better . tri - matrix factorization is an efficient tool to learn assoc ←
→ large deviation methods for approximate probabilistic inference ; we study two - layer belief networks of binary random variables in which the conditional probabilities pr [ childlparents ] depend monotonically on weighted sums of the parents . in large networks where exact probabilistic inference is intractable , we show how to compute upper and lower bounds on many probabilities of interest . in particular , using methods from large deviation theory , we derive rigorous bounds on marginal probabilities such as pr [ c ←
→ gauging variational inference ; computing partition function is the most important statistical inference task arising in applications of graphical models ( gm ). since it is computationally intractable , approximate methods have been used to resolve the issue in practice , where mean - field ( mf ) and belief propagation ( bp ) are arguably the most popular and successful approaches of a variational type . in this paper , we propose two new variational schemes , coined gauged - mf ( g - mf ) and gauged - bp ( g - bp ), improving mf ←
→ learning , investments and derivatives ; the recent crisis and the following flight to simplicity put most derivative businesses around the world under considerable pressure . we argue that the traditional modeling techniques must be extended to include product design . we propose a quantitative framework for creating products which meet the challenge of being optimal from the investors point of view while remaining relatively simple and transparent .←
→ video summarization with long short - term memory ; we propose a novel supervised learning technique for summarizing videos by automatically selecting keyframes or key subshots . casting the problem as a structured prediction problem on sequential data , our main idea is to use long short - term memory ( lstm ), a special type of recurrent neural networks to model the variable - range dependencies entailed in the task of video summarization . our learning models attain the state - of - the - art results on two benchmark vid ←
→ giraffe : using deep reinforcement learning to play chess ; this report presents giraffe , a chess engine that uses self - play to discover all its domain - specific knowledge , with minimal hand - crafted knowledge given by the programmer . unlike previous attempts using machine learning only to perform parameter - tuning on hand - crafted evaluation functions , giraffe ' s learning system also performs automatic feature extraction and pattern recognition . the trained evaluation function performs comparably to the evaluati ←
→ edinburgh neural machine translation systems for wmt 16 ; we participated in the wmt 2016 shared news translation task by building neural translation systems for four language pairs , each trained in both directions : english <-> czech , english <-> german , english <-> romanian and english <-> russian . our systems are based on an attentional encoder - decoder , using bpe subword segmentation for open - vocabulary translation with a fixed vocabulary . we experimented with using automatic back - translations of the monolingual ←
→ ctrax extensions for tracking in difficult lighting conditions ; the fly tracking software ctrax by branson et al . is popular for positional tracking of animals both within and beyond the fly community . ctrax was not designed to handle tracking in difficult lighting conditions with strong shadows or recurring " on "/" off " changes in lighting - a condition that will likely become increasingly common due to the advent of red - shifted channelrhodopsin . we describe ctrax extensions we developed that address this p ←
→ men are from mars , women are from venus : evaluation and modelling of verbal associations ; we present a quantitative analysis of human word association pairs and study the types of relations presented in the associations . we put our main focus on the correlation between response types and respondent characteristics such as occupation and gender by contrasting syntagmatic and paradigmatic associations . finally , we propose a personalised distributed word association model and show the importance of incorpor ←
→ learning a variational network for reconstruction of accelerated mri data ; purpose : to allow fast and high - quality reconstruction of clinical accelerated multi - coil mr data by learning a variational network that combines the mathematical structure of variational models with deep learning . theory and methods : generalized compressed sensing reconstruction formulated as a variational model is embedded in an unrolled gradient descent scheme . all parameters of this formulation , including the prior model def ←
→ ops - qfts : a new type of quaternion fourier transforms based on the orthogonal planes split with one or two general pure quaternions ; we explain the orthogonal planes split ( ops ) of quaternions based on the arbitrary choice of one or two linearly independent pure unit quaternions $ f , g $. next we systematically generalize the quaternionic fourier transform ( qft ) applied to quaternion fields to conform with the ops determined by $ f , g $, or by only one pure unit quaternion $ f $, comment on their geometric meani ←
→ automated game design learning ; while general game playing is an active field of research , the learning of game design has tended to be either a secondary goal of such research or it has been solely the domain of humans . we propose a field of research , automated game design learning ( agdl ), with the direct purpose of learning game designs directly through interaction with games in the mode that most people experience games : via play . we detail existing work that touches the edges of this field , describe cu ←
→ dimensionality on summarization ; summarization is one of the key features of human intelligence . it plays an important role in understanding and representation . with rapid and continual expansion of texts , pictures and videos in cyberspace , automatic summarization becomes more and more desirable . text summarization has been studied for over half century , but it is still hard to automatically generate a satisfied summary . traditional methods process texts empirically and neglect the fundamental characterist ←
→ integration of machine learning techniques to evaluate dynamic customer segmentation analysis for mobile customers ; the telecommunications industry is highly competitive , which means that the mobile providers need a business intelligence model that can be used to achieve an optimal level of churners , as well as a minimal level of cost in marketing activities . machine learning applications can be used to provide guidance on marketing strategies . furthermore , data mining techniques can be used in the proce ←
→ finding function in form : compositional character models for open vocabulary word representation ; we introduce a model for constructing vector representations of words by composing characters using bidirectional lstms . relative to traditional word representation models that have independent vectors for each word type , our model requires only a single vector per character type and a fixed set of parameters for the compositional model . despite the compactness of this model and , more importantly , the arbitr ←
→ compatibility family learning for item recommendation and generation ; compatibility between items , such as clothes and shoes , is a major factor among customer ' s purchasing decisions . however , learning " compatibility " is challenging due to ( 1 ) broader notions of compatibility than those of similarity , ( 2 ) the asymmetric nature of compatibility , and ( 3 ) only a small set of compatible and incompatible items are observed . we propose an end - to - end trainable system to embed each item into a latent vector and pro ←
→ the biodynamo project : a platform for computer simulations of biological dynamics ; this paper is a brief update on developments in the biodynamo project , a new platform for computer simulations for biological research . we will discuss the new capabilities of the simulator , important new concepts simulation methodology as well as its numerous applications to the computational biology and nanoscience communities .←
→ riemannian multi - manifold modeling ; this paper advocates a novel framework for segmenting a dataset in a riemannian manifold $ m $ into clusters lying around low - dimensional submanifolds of $ m $. important examples of $ m $, for which the proposed clustering algorithm is computationally efficient , are the sphere , the set of positive definite matrices , and the grassmannian . the clustering problem with these examples of $ m $ is already useful for numerous application domains such as action identification in video ←
→ real - time online action detection forests using spatio - temporal contexts ; online action detection ( oad ) is challenging since 1 ) robust yet computationally expensive features cannot be straightforwardly used due to the real - time processing requirements and 2 ) the localization and classification of actions have to be performed even before they are fully observed . we propose a new random forest ( rf )- based online action detection framework that addresses these challenges . our algorithm uses computationally eff ←
→ objectness scoring and detection proposals in forward - looking sonar images with convolutional neural networks ; forward - looking sonar can capture high resolution images of underwater scenes , but their interpretation is complex . generic object detection in such images has not been solved , specially in cases of small and unknown objects . in comparison , detection proposal algorithms have produced top performing object detectors in real - world color images . in this work we develop a convolutional neural networ ←
→ predicting people ' s 3d poses from short sequences ; we propose an efficient approach to exploiting motion information from consecutive frames of a video sequence to recover the 3d pose of people . instead of computing candidate poses in individual frames and then linking them , as is often done , we regress directly from a spatio - temporal block of frames to a 3d pose in the central one . we will demonstrate that this approach allows us to effectively overcome ambiguities and to improve upon the state - of - the - art ←
→ one single deep bidirectional lstm network for word sense disambiguation of text data ; due to recent technical and scientific advances , we have a wealth of information hidden in unstructured text data such as offline / online narratives , research articles , and clinical reports . to mine these data properly , attributable to their innate ambiguity , a word sense disambiguation ( wsd ) algorithm can avoid numbers of difficulties in natural language processing ( nlp ) pipeline . however , considering a large number of ←
→ a visual representation of wittgenstein ' s tractatus logico - philosophicus ; in this paper we present a data visualization method together with its potential usefulness in digital humanities and philosophy of language . we compile a multilingual parallel corpus from different versions of wittgenstein ' s tractatus logico - philosophicus , including the original in german and translations into english , spanish , french , and russian . using this corpus , we compute a similarity measure between propositions and render a ←
→ proceedings of answer set programming and other computing paradigms ( aspocp 2013 ), 6th international workshop , august 25 , 2013 , istanbul , turkey ; this volume contains the papers presented at the sixth workshop on answer set programming and other computing paradigms ( aspocp 2013 ) held on august 25th , 2013 in istanbul , co - located with the 29th international conference on logic programming ( iclp 2013 ). it thus continues a series of previous events co - located with iclp , aiming at facilitating the discussion ←
→ event identification as a decision process with non - linear representation of text ; we propose scale - free identifier network ( sfin ), a novel model for event identification in documents . in general , sfin first encodes a document into multi - scale memory stacks , then extracts special events via conducting multi - scale actions , which can be considered as a special type of sequence labelling . the design of large scale actions makes it more efficient processing a long document . the whole model is trained with bot ←
→ scalable semi - supervised aggregation of classifiers ; we present and empirically evaluate an efficient algorithm that learns to aggregate the predictions of an ensemble of binary classifiers . the algorithm uses the structure of the ensemble predictions on unlabeled data to yield significant performance improvements . it does this without making assumptions on the structure or origin of the ensemble , without parameters , and as scalably as linear learning . we empirically demonstrate these performance gains wit ←
→ handwritten recognition using svm , knn and neural network ; handwritten recognition ( hwr ) is the ability of a computer to receive and interpret intelligible handwritten input from source such as paper documents , photographs , touch - screens and other devices . in this paper we will using three ( 3 ) classification t o re cognize the handwritten which is svm , knn and neural network .←
→ neutral evolution and turnover over centuries of english word popularity ; here we test neutral models against the evolution of english word frequency and vocabulary at the population scale , as recorded in annual word frequencies from three centuries of english language books . against these data , we test both static and dynamic predictions of two neutral models , including the relation between corpus size and vocabulary size , frequency distributions , and turnover within those frequency distributions . althoug ←
→ learning from collective intelligence in groups ; collective intelligence , which aggregates the shared information from large crowds , is often negatively impacted by unreliable information sources with the low quality data . this becomes a barrier to the effective use of collective intelligence in a variety of applications . in order to address this issue , we propose a probabilistic model to jointly assess the reliability of sources and find the true data . we observe that different sources are often not indep ←
→ coarse - to - fine lifted map inference in computer vision ; there is a vast body of theoretical research on lifted inference in probabilistic graphical models ( pgms ). however , few demonstrations exist where lifting is applied in conjunction with top of the line applied algorithms . we pursue the applicability of lifted inference for computer vision ( cv ), with the insight that a globally optimal ( map ) labeling will likely have the same label for two symmetric pixels . the success of our approach lies in efficient ←
→ large scale language modeling in automatic speech recognition ; large language models have been proven quite beneficial for a variety of automatic speech recognition tasks in google . we summarize results on voice search and a few youtube speech transcription tasks to highlight the impact that one can expect from increasing both the amount of training data , and the size of the language model estimated from such data . depending on the task , availability and amount of training data used , language model size an ←
→ compact hash code learning with binary deep neural network ; in this work , we firstly propose deep network models and learning algorithms for learning binary hash codes given image representations under both unsupervised and supervised manners . then , by leveraging the powerful capacity of convolutional neural networks , we propose an end - to - end architecture which jointly learns to extract visual features and produce binary hash codes . our novel network designs constrain one hidden layer to directly output th ←
→ superpixels based marker tracking vs . hue thresholding in rodent biomechanics application ; examining locomotion has improved our basic understanding of motor control and aided in treating motor impairment . mice and rats are premier models of human disease and increasingly the model systems of choice for basic neuroscience . high frame rates ( 250 hz ) are needed to quantify the kinematics of these running rodents . manual tracking , especially for multiple markers , becomes time - consuming and impossible for la ←
→ robotic pick - and - place of novel objects in clutter with multi - affordance grasping and cross - domain image matching ; this paper presents a robotic pick - and - place system that is capable of grasping and recognizing both known and novel objects in cluttered environments . the key new feature of the system is that it handles a wide range of object categories without needing any task - specific training data for novel objects . to achieve this , it first uses a category - agnostic affordance prediction algorithm to se ←
→ on learnability , complexity and stability ; we consider the fundamental question of learnability of a hypotheses class in the supervised learning setting and in the general learning setting introduced by vladimir vapnik . we survey classic results characterizing learnability in term of suitable notions of complexity , as well as more recent results that establish the connection between learnability and stability of a learning algorithm .←
→ interactive tools and tasks for the hebrew bible ; this contribution to a special issue on " computer - aided processing of intertextuality " in ancient texts will illustrate how using digital tools to interact with the hebrew bible offers new promising perspectives for visualizing the texts and for performing tasks in education and research . this contribution explores how the corpus of the hebrew bible created and maintained by the eep talstra centre for bible and computer can support new methods for modern kn ←
→ fixed - rank matrix factorizations and riemannian low - rank optimization ; motivated by the problem of learning a linear regression model whose parameter is a large fixed - rank non - symmetric matrix , we consider the optimization of a smooth cost function defined on the set of fixed - rank matrices . we adopt the geometric framework of optimization on riemannian quotient manifolds . we study the underlying geometries of several well - known fixed - rank matrix factorizations and then exploit the riemannian quotient geome ←
→ training region - based object detectors with online hard example mining ; the field of object detection has made significant advances riding on the wave of region - based convnets , but their training procedure still includes many heuristics and hyperparameters that are costly to tune . we present a simple yet surprisingly effective online hard example mining ( ohem ) algorithm for training region - based convnet detectors . our motivation is the same as it has always been -- detection datasets contain an overwhelmin ←
→ reconstruction of hidden 3d shapes using diffuse reflections ; we analyze multi - bounce propagation of light in an unknown hidden volume and demonstrate that the reflected light contains sufficient information to recover the 3d structure of the hidden scene . we formulate the forward and inverse theory of secondary and tertiary scattering reflection using ideas from energy front propagation and tomography . we show that using careful choice of approximations , such as fresnel approximation , greatly simplifies t ←
→ learning ordered representations with nested dropout ; in this paper , we study ordered representations of data in which different dimensions have different degrees of importance . to learn these representations we introduce nested dropout , a procedure for stochastically removing coherent nested sets of hidden units in a neural network . we first present a sequence of theoretical results in the simple case of a semi - linear autoencoder . we rigorously show that the application of nested dropout enforces identifi ←
→ okutama - action : an aerial view video dataset for concurrent human action detection ; despite significant progress in the development of human action detection datasets and algorithms , no current dataset is representative of real - world aerial view scenarios . we present okutama - action , a new video dataset for aerial view concurrent human action detection . it consists of 43 minute - long fully - annotated sequences with 12 action classes . okutama - action features many challenges missing in current datasets , inclu ←
→ robust localized multi - view subspace clustering ; in multi - view clustering , different views may have different confidence levels when learning a consensus representation . existing methods usually address this by assigning distinctive weights to different views . however , due to noisy nature of real - world applications , the confidence levels of samples in the same view may also vary . thus considering a unified weight for a view may lead to suboptimal solutions . in this paper , we propose a novel localized multi ←
→ efficient structured prediction with latent variables for general graphical models ; in this paper we propose a unified framework for structured prediction with latent variables which includes hidden conditional random fields and latent structured support vector machines as special cases . we describe a local entropy approximation for this general formulation using duality , and derive an efficient message passing algorithm that is guaranteed to converge . we demonstrate its effectiveness in the tasks of ima ←
→ online learning in mdps with side information ; we study online learning of finite markov decision process ( mdp ) problems when a side information vector is available . the problem is motivated by applications such as clinical trials , recommendation systems , etc . such applications have an episodic structure , where each episode corresponds to a patient / customer . our objective is to compete with the optimal dynamic policy that can take side information into account . we propose a computationally efficient algo ←
→ fast amortized inference and learning in log - linear models with randomly perturbed nearest neighbor search ; inference in log - linear models scales linearly in the size of output space in the worst - case . this is often a bottleneck in natural language processing and computer vision tasks when the output space is feasibly enumerable but very large . we propose a method to perform inference in log - linear models with sublinear amortized cost . our idea hinges on using gumbel random variable perturbations and a p ←
→ computational models : bottom - up and top - down aspects ; computational models of visual attention have become popular over the past decade , we believe primarily for two reasons : first , models make testable predictions that can be explored by experimentalists as well as theoreticians , second , models have practical and technological applications of interest to the applied science and engineering communities . in this chapter , we take a critical look at recent attention modeling efforts . we focus on {\ em computat ←
→ rates of convergence of spectral methods for graphon estimation ; this paper studies the problem of estimating the grahpon model - the underlying generating mechanism of a network . graphon estimation arises in many applications such as predicting missing links in networks and learning user preferences in recommender systems . the graphon model deals with a random graph of $ n $ vertices such that each pair of two vertices $ i $ and $ j $ are connected independently with probability $\ rho \ times f ( x_i , x_j )$, where ←
→ user model - based intent - aware metrics for multilingual search evaluation ; despite the growing importance of multilingual aspect of web search , no appropriate offline metrics to evaluate its quality are proposed so far . at the same time , personal language preferences can be regarded as intents of a query . this approach translates the multilingual search problem into a particular task of search diversification . furthermore , the standard intent - aware approach could be adopted to build a diversified metric for ←
→ morphological analyzer and generator for russian and ukrainian languages ; pymorphy2 is a morphological analyzer and generator for russian and ukrainian languages . it uses large efficiently encoded lexi - cons built from opencorpora and languagetool data . a set of linguistically motivated rules is developed to enable morphological analysis and generation of out - of - vocabulary words observed in real - world documents . for russian pymorphy2 provides state - of - the - arts morphological analysis quality . the analyzer i ←
→ computing horn rewritings of description logics ontologies ; we study the problem of rewriting an ontology o1 expressed in a dl l1 into an ontology o2 in a horn dl l2 such that o1 and o2 are equisatisfiable when extended with an arbitrary dataset . ontologies that admit such rewritings are amenable to reasoning techniques ensuring tractability in data complexity . after showing undecidability whenever l1 extends alcf , we focus on devising efficiently checkable conditions that ensure existence of a horn rewrit ←
→ noisy matrix decomposition via convex relaxation : optimal rates in high dimensions ; we analyze a class of estimators based on convex relaxation for solving high - dimensional matrix decomposition problems . the observations are noisy realizations of a linear transformation $\ mathfrak { x }$ of the sum of an approximately ) low rank matrix $\ theta ^\ star $ with a second matrix $\ gamma ^\ star $ endowed with a complementary form of low - dimensional structure ; this set - up includes many statistical models of interest , in ←
→ random dfas are efficiently pac learnable ; this paper has been withdrawn due to an error found by dana angluin and lev reyzin .←
→ tseb : more efficient thompson sampling for policy learning ; in model - based solution approaches to the problem of learning in an unknown environment , exploring to learn the model parameters takes a toll on the regret . the optimal performance with respect to regret or pac bounds is achievable , if the algorithm exploits with respect to reward or explores with respect to the model parameters , respectively . in this paper , we propose tseb , a thompson sampling based algorithm with adaptive exploration bonus that ←
→ image processing based systems and techniques for the recognition of ancient and modern coins ; coins are frequently used in everyday life at various places like in banks , grocery stores , supermarkets , automated weighing machines , vending machines etc . so , there is a basic need to automate the counting and sorting of coins . for this machines need to recognize the coins very fast and accurately , as further transaction processing depends on this recognition . three types of systems are available in the marke ←
→ a dictionary - based approach to racism detection in dutch social media ; we present a dictionary - based approach to racism detection in dutch social media comments , which were retrieved from two public belgian social media sites likely to attract racist reactions . these comments were labeled as racist or non - racist by multiple annotators . for our approach , three discourse dictionaries were created : first , we created a dictionary by retrieving possibly racist and more neutral terms from the training data , and ←
→ a heuristic routing mechanism using a new addressing scheme ; current methods of routing are based on network information in the form of routing tables , in which routing protocols determine how to update the tables according to the network changes . despite the variability of data in routing tables , node addresses are constant . in this paper , we first introduce the new concept of variable addresses , which results in a novel framework to cope with routing problems using heuristic solutions . then we propose a ←
→ explanation methods in deep learning : users , values , concerns and challenges ; issues regarding explainable ai involve four components : users , laws & regulations , explanations and algorithms . together these components provide a context in which explanation methods can be evaluated regarding their adequacy . the goal of this chapter is to bridge the gap between expert users and lay users . different kinds of users are identified and their concerns revealed , relevant statements from the general data protectio ←
→ artificial intelligence and pediatrics : a synthetic mini review ; the use of artificial intelligence intelligencein medicine can be traced back to 1968 when paycha published his paper le diagnostic a l ' aide d ' intelligences artificielle , presentation de la premiere machine diagnostri . few years later shortliffe et al . presented an expert system named mycin which was able to identify bacteria causing severe blood infections and to recommend antibiotics . despite the fact that mycin outperformed members of the ←
→ tomaat : volumetric medical image analysis as a cloud service ; deep learning has been recently applied to a multitude of computer vision and medical image analysis problems . although recent research efforts have improved the state of the art , most of the methods cannot be easily accessed , compared or used by either researchers or the general public . researchers often publish their code and trained models on the internet , but this does not always enable these approaches to be easily used or integrated in sta ←
→ a scaled gradient projection method for bayesian learning in dynamical systems ; a crucial task in system identification problems is the selection of the most appropriate model class , and is classically addressed resorting to cross - validation or using asymptotic arguments . as recently suggested in the literature , this can be addressed in a bayesian framework , where model complexity is regulated by few hyperparameters , which can be estimated via marginal likelihood maximization . it is thus of primary impor ←
→ generalization for adaptively - chosen estimators via stable median ; datasets are often reused to perform multiple statistical analyses in an adaptive way , in which each analysis may depend on the outcomes of previous analyses on the same dataset . standard statistical guarantees do not account for these dependencies and little is known about how to provably avoid overfitting and false discovery in the adaptive setting . we consider a natural formalization of this problem in which the goal is to design an algo ←
→ real - valued all - dimensions search : low - overhead rapid searching over subsets of attributes ; this paper is about searching the combinatorial space of contingency tables during the inner loop of a nonlinear statistical optimization . examples of this operation in various data analytic communities include searching for nonlinear combinations of attributes that contribute significantly to a regression ( statistics ), searching for items to include in a decision list ( machine learning ) and association rule hunti ←
→ unsupervised domain adaptation with random walks on target labelings ; unsupervised domain adaptation ( da ) is used to automatize the task of labeling data : an unlabeled dataset ( target ) is annotated using a labeled dataset ( source ) from a related domain . we cast domain adaptation as the problem of finding stable labels for target examples . a new definition of label stability is proposed , motivated by a generalization error bound for large margin linear classifiers : a target labeling is stable when , with hig ←
→ a new algorithm for finding map assignments to belief networks ; we present a new algorithm for finding maximum a - posterior ) ( map ) assignments of values to belief networks . the belief network is compiled into a network consisting only of nodes with boolean ( i . e . only 0 or 1 ) conditional probabilities . the map assignment is then found using a best - first search on the resulting network . we argue that , as one would anticipate , the algorithm is exponential for the general case , but only linear in the size of th ←
→ bayesian nonparametric poisson - process allocation for time - sequence modeling ; analyzing the underlying structure of multiple time - sequences provides insight into the understanding of social networks and human activities . in this work , we present the bayesian nonparametric poisson process allocation ( banppa ), a generative model to automatically infer the number of latent functions in temporal data . we model the intensity of each sequence as an infinite mixture of latent functions , each of which is the squ ←
→ subspace learning in the presence of sparse structured outliers and noise ; subspace learning is an important problem , which has many applications in image and video processing . it can be used to find a low - dimensional representation of signals and images . but in many applications , the desired signal is heavily distorted by outliers and noise , which negatively affect the learned subspace . in this work , we present a novel algorithm for learning a subspace for signal representation , in the presence of struc ←
→ end - to - end driving via conditional imitation learning ; deep networks trained on demonstrations of human driving have learned to follow roads and avoid obstacles . however , driving policies trained via imitation learning cannot be controlled at test time . a vehicle trained end - to - end to imitate an expert cannot be guided to take a specific turn at an upcoming intersection . this limits the utility of such systems . we propose to condition imitation learning on high - level command input . at test time , the learne ←
→ revisiting distributed synchronous sgd ; distributed training of deep learning models on large - scale training data is typically conducted with asynchronous stochastic optimization to maximize the rate of updates , at the cost of additional noise introduced from asynchrony . in contrast , the synchronous approach is often thought to be impractical due to idle time wasted on waiting for straggling workers . we revisit these conventional beliefs in this paper , and examine the weaknesses of both approaches . we demo ←
→ numeric input relations for relational learning with applications to community structure analysis ; most work in the area of statistical relational learning ( srl ) is focussed on discrete data , even though a few approaches for hybrid srl models have been proposed that combine numerical and discrete variables . in this paper we distinguish numerical random variables for which a probability distribution is defined by the model from numerical input variables that are only used for conditioning the distribution ←
→ manifold - valued image generation with wasserstein adversarial networks ; unsupervised image generation has recently received an increasing amount of attention thanks to the great success of generative adversarial networks ( gans ), particularly wasserstein gans . inspired by the paradigm of real - valued image generation , this paper makes the first attempt to formulate the problem of generating manifold - valued images , which are frequently encountered in real - world applications . for the study , we specially exploi ←
→ 3d ultrasound image segmentation : a survey ; three - dimensional ultrasound image segmentation methods are surveyed in this paper . the focus of this report is to investigate applications of these techniques and a review of the original ideas and concepts . although many two - dimensional image segmentation in the literature have been considered as a three - dimensional approach by mistake but we review them as a three - dimensional technique . we select the studies that have addressed the problem of medical three - dim ←
→ joint learning templates and slots for event schema induction ; automatic event schema induction ( aesi ) means to extract meta - event from raw text , in other words , to find out what types ( templates ) of event may exist in the raw text and what roles ( slots ) may exist in each event type . in this paper , we propose a joint entity - driven model to learn templates and slots simultaneously based on the constraints of templates and slots in the same sentence . in addition , the entities ' semantic information is also co ←
→ reply to comments on neuroelectrodynamics : where are the real conceptual pitfalls ? ; the fundamental , powerful process of computation in the brain has been widely misunderstood . the paper [ 1 ] associates the general failure to build intelligent thinking machines with current reductionist principles of temporal coding and advocates for a change in paradigm regarding the brain analogy . since fragments of information are stored in proteins which can shift between several structures to perform their function , ←
→ unpaired image captioning by language pivoting ; image captioning is a multimodal task involving computer vision and natural language processing , where the goal is to learn a mapping from the image to its natural language description . in general , the mapping function is learned from a training set of image - caption pairs . however , for some language , large scale image - caption paired corpus might not be available . we present an approach to this unpaired image captioning problem by language pivoting . our method ←
→ robustly representing uncertainty in deep neural networks through sampling ; as deep neural networks ( dnns ) are applied to increasingly challenging problems , they will need to be able to represent their own uncertainty . modeling uncertainty is one of the key features of bayesian methods . using bernoulli dropout with sampling at prediction time has recently been proposed as an efficient and well performing variational inference method for dnns . however , sampling from other multiplicative noise based variat ←
→ enkcf : ensemble of kernelized correlation filters for high - speed object tracking ; computer vision technologies are very attractive for practical applications running on embedded systems . for such an application , it is desirable for the deployed algorithms to run in high - speed and require no offline training . to develop a single - target tracking algorithm with these properties , we propose an ensemble of the kernelized correlation filters ( kcf ), we call it enkcf . a committee of kcfs is specifically designed ←
→ image projective invariants ; in this paper , we propose relative projective differential invariants ( rpdis ) which are invariant to general projective transformations . by using rpdis and the structural frame of integral invariant , projective weighted moment invariants ( pis ) can be constructed very easily . it is first proved that a kind of projective invariants exists in terms of weighted integration of images , with relative differential invariants as the weight functions . then , some simple instances of pis a ←
→ stochastic gradient monomial gamma sampler ; recent advances in stochastic gradient techniques have made it possible to estimate posterior distributions from large datasets via markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ). however , when the target posterior is multimodal , mixing performance is often poor . this results in inadequate exploration of the posterior distribution . a framework is proposed to improve the sampling efficiency of stochastic gradient mcmc , based on hamiltonian monte carlo . a generalized kinetic func ←
→ signatures of infinity : nonergodicity and resource scaling in prediction , complexity , and learning ; we introduce a simple analysis of the structural complexity of infinite - memory processes built from random samples of stationary , ergodic finite - memory component processes . such processes are familiar from the well known multi - arm bandit problem . we contrast our analysis with computation - theoretic and statistical inference approaches to understanding their complexity . the result is an alternative view of t ←
→ on bicluster aggregation and its benefits for enumerative solutions ; biclustering involves the simultaneous clustering of objects and their attributes , thus defining local two - way clustering models . recently , efficient algorithms were conceived to enumerate all biclusters in real - valued datasets . in this case , the solution composes a complete set of maximal and non - redundant biclusters . however , the ability to enumerate biclusters revealed a challenging scenario : in noisy datasets , each true bicluster may ←
→ ripml : a restricted isometry property based approach to multilabel learning ; the multilabel learning problem with large number of labels , features , and data - points has generated a tremendous interest recently . a recurring theme of these problems is that only a few labels are active in any given datapoint as compared to the total number of labels . however , only a small number of existing work take direct advantage of this inherent extreme sparsity in the label space . by the virtue of restricted isometry p ←
→ memorization precedes generation : learning unsupervised gans with memory networks ; we propose an approach to address two issues that commonly occur during training of unsupervised gans . first , since gans use only a continuous latent distribution to embed multiple classes or clusters of data , they often do not correctly handle the structural discontinuity between disparate classes in a latent space . second , discriminators of gans easily forget about past generated samples by generators , incurring instabil ←
→ a comparison of linear and non - linear calibrations for speaker recognition ; in recent work on both generative and discriminative score to log - likelihood - ratio calibration , it was shown that linear transforms give good accuracy only for a limited range of operating points . moreover , these methods required tailoring of the calibration training objective functions in order to target the desired region of best accuracy . here , we generalize the linear recipes to non - linear ones . we experiment with a non - linea ←
→ enabling medical translation for low - resource languages ; we present research towards bridging the language gap between migrant workers in qatar and medical staff . in particular , we present the first steps towards the development of a real - world hindi - english machine translation system for doctor - patient communication . as this is a low - resource language pair , especially for speech and for the medical domain , our initial focus has been on gathering suitable training data from various sources . we applied a va ←
→ temporal modeling approaches for large - scale youtube - 8m video understanding ; this paper describes our solution for the video recognition task of the google cloud and youtube - 8m video understanding challenge that ranked the 3rd place . because the challenge provides pre - extracted visual and audio features instead of the raw videos , we mainly investigate various temporal modeling approaches to aggregate the frame - level features for multi - label video recognition . our system contains three major components : t ←
→ bayesian structure learning for markov random fields with a spike and slab prior ; in recent years a number of methods have been developed for automatically learning the ( sparse ) connectivity structure of markov random fields . these methods are mostly based on l1 - regularized optimization which has a number of disadvantages such as the inability to assess model uncertainty and expensive cross - validation to find the optimal regularization parameter . moreover , the model ' s predictive performance may degrade d ←
→ island loss for learning discriminative features in facial expression recognition ; over the past few years , convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have shown promise on facial expression recognition . however , the performance degrades dramatically under real - world settings due to variations introduced by subtle facial appearance changes , head pose variations , illumination changes , and occlusions . in this paper , a novel island loss is proposed to enhance the discriminative power of the deeply learned featu ←
→ sparse inference of the drift of a high - dimensional ornstein - uhlenbeck process ; given the observation of a high - dimensional ornstein - uhlenbeck ( ou ) process in continuous time , we proceed to the inference of the drift parameter under a row - sparsity assumption . towards that aim , we consider the negative log - likelihood of the process , penalized by an $\ ell ^ 1 $- penalization ( lasso and adaptive lasso ). we provide both non - asymptotic and asymptotic results for this procedure , by means of a sharp oracle inequali ←
→ learning multilingual word representations using a bag - of - words autoencoder ; recent work on learning multilingual word representations usually relies on the use of word - level alignements ( e . g . infered with the help of giza ++) between translated sentences , in order to align the word embeddings in different languages . in this workshop paper , we investigate an autoencoder model for learning multilingual word representations that does without such word - level alignements . the autoencoder is trained to reconst ←
→ accelerated graph - based nonlinear denoising filters ; denoising filters , such as bilateral , guided , and total variation filters , applied to images on general graphs may require repeated application if noise is not small enough . we formulate two acceleration techniques of the resulted iterations : conjugate gradient method and nesterov ' s acceleration . we numerically show efficiency of the accelerated nonlinear filters for image denoising and demonstrate 2 - 12 times speed - up , i . e ., the acceleration techniques r ←
→ overcoming problems in the measurement of biological complexity ; in a genetic algorithm , fluctuations of the entropy of a genome over time are interpreted as fluctuations of the information that the genome ' s organism is storing about its environment , being this reflected in more complex organisms . the computation of this entropy presents technical problems due to the small population sizes used in practice . in this work we propose and test an alternative way of measuring the entropy variation in a populati ←
→ a bimachine compiler for ranked tagging rules ; this paper describes a novel method of compiling ranked tagging rules into a deterministic finite - state device called a bimachine . the rules are formulated in the framework of regular rewrite operations and allow unrestricted regular expressions in both left and right rule contexts . the compiler is illustrated by an application within a speech synthesis system .←
→ learning to repeat : fine grained action repetition for deep reinforcement learning ; reinforcement learning algorithms can learn complex behavioral patterns for sequential decision making tasks wherein an agent interacts with an environment and acquires feedback in the form of rewards sampled from it . traditionally , such algorithms make decisions , i . e ., select actions to execute , at every single time step of the agent - environment interactions . in this paper , we propose a novel framework , fine grained acti ←
→ a knowledge - based treatment of human - automation systems ; in a supervisory control system the human agent knowledge of past , current , and future system behavior is critical for system performance . being able to reason about that knowledge in a precise and structured manner is central to effective system design . in this paper we introduce the application of a well - established formal approach to reasoning about knowledge to the modeling and analysis of complex human - automation systems . an intuitive notion of ←
→ autonomous extracting a hierarchical structure of tasks in reinforcement learning and multi - task reinforcement learning ; reinforcement learning ( rl ), while often powerful , can suffer from slow learning speeds , particularly in high dimensional spaces . the autonomous decomposition of tasks and use of hierarchical methods hold the potential to significantly speed up learning in such domains . this paper proposes a novel practical method that can autonomously decompose tasks , by leveraging association rule mi ←
→ color - opponent mechanisms for local hue encoding in a hierarchical framework ; a biologically plausible computational model for color representation is introduced . we present a mechanistic hierarchical model of neurons that not only successfully encodes local hue , but also explicitly reveals how the contributions of each visual cortical layer participating in the process can lead to a hue representation . our proposed model benefits from studies on the visual cortex and builds a network of single - opponent ←
→ smooth pinball neural network for probabilistic forecasting of wind power ; uncertainty analysis in the form of probabilistic forecasting can significantly improve decision making processes in the smart power grid for better integrating renewable energy sources such as wind . whereas point forecasting provides a single expected value , probabilistic forecasts provide more information in the form of quantiles , prediction intervals , or full predictive densities . this paper analyzes the effectiveness of a nove ←
→ a multi - feature tracking algorithm enabling adaptation to context variations ; we propose in this paper a tracking algorithm which is able to adapt itself to different scene contexts . a feature pool is used to compute the matching score between two detected objects . this feature pool includes 2d , 3d displacement distances , 2d sizes , color histogram , histogram of oriented gradient ( hog ), color covariance and dominant color . an offline learning process is proposed to search for useful features and to estima ←
→ declarative statistics ; in this work we introduce declarative statistics , a suite of declarative modelling tools for statistical analysis . statistical constraints represent the key building block of declarative statistics . first , we introduce a range of relevant counting and matrix constraints and associated decompositions , some of which novel , that are instrumental in the design of statistical constraints . second , we introduce a selection of novel statistical constraints and associated decompositions , whi ←
→ a neural comprehensive ranker ( ncr ) for open - domain question answering ; this paper proposes a novel neural machine reading model for open - domain question answering at scale . existing machine comprehension models typically assume that a short piece of relevant text containing answers is already identified and given to the models , from which the models are designed to extract answers . this assumption , however , is not realistic for building a large - scale open - domain question answering system which requires bo ←
→ aixijs : a software demo for general reinforcement learning ; reinforcement learning is a general and powerful framework with which to study and implement artificial intelligence . recent advances in deep learning have enabled rl algorithms to achieve impressive performance in restricted domains such as playing atari video games ( mnih et al ., 2015 ) and , recently , the board game go ( silver et al ., 2016 ). however , we are still far from constructing a generally intelligent agent . many of the obstacles and open q ←
→ abduction in well - founded semantics and generalized stable models ; abductive logic programming offers a formalism to declaratively express and solve problems in areas such as diagnosis , planning , belief revision and hypothetical reasoning . tabled logic programming offers a computational mechanism that provides a level of declarativity superior to that of prolog , and which has supported successful applications in fields such as parsing , program analysis , and model checking . in this paper we show how to use ←
→ light field segmentation from super - pixel graph representation ; efficient and accurate segmentation of light field is an important task in computer vision and graphics . the large volume of input data and the redundancy of light field make it an open challenge . in the paper , we propose a novel graph representation for interactive light field segmentation based on light field super - pixel ( lfsp ). the lfsp not only maintains light field redundancy , but also greatly reduces the graph size . these advantages make ←
→ non - adaptive learning a hidden hipergraph ; we give a new deterministic algorithm that non - adaptively learns a hidden hypergraph from edge - detecting queries . all previous non - adaptive algorithms either run in exponential time or have non - optimal query complexity . we give the first polynomial time non - adaptive learning algorithm for learning hypergraph that asks almost optimal number of queries .←
→ consistent estimation of low - dimensional latent structure in high - dimensional data ; we consider the problem of extracting a low - dimensional , linear latent variable structure from high - dimensional random variables . specifically , we show that under mild conditions and when this structure manifests itself as a linear space that spans the conditional means , it is possible to consistently recover the structure using only information up to the second moments of these random variables . this finding , specialized ←
→ taking visual motion prediction to new heightfields ; while the basic laws of newtonian mechanics are well understood , explaining a physical scenario still requires manually modeling the problem with suitable equations and estimating the associated parameters . in order to be able to leverage the approximation capabilities of artificial intelligence techniques in such physics related contexts , researchers have handcrafted the relevant states , and then used neural networks to learn the state transitions using ←
→ domain adaptive faster r - cnn for object detection in the wild ; object detection typically assumes that training and test data are drawn from an identical distribution , which , however , does not always hold in practice . such a distribution mismatch will lead to a significant performance drop . in this work , we aim to improve the cross - domain robustness of object detection . we tackle the domain shift on two levels : 1 ) the image - level shift , such as image style , illumination , etc , and 2 ) the instance - level shif ←
→ combining self - supervised learning and imitation for vision - based rope manipulation ; manipulation of deformable objects , such as ropes and cloth , is an important but challenging problem in robotics . we present a learning - based system where a robot takes as input a sequence of images of a human manipulating a rope from an initial to goal configuration , and outputs a sequence of actions that can reproduce the human demonstration , using only monocular images as input . to perform this task , the robot learns ←
→ citypersons : a diverse dataset for pedestrian detection ; convnets have enabled significant progress in pedestrian detection recently , but there are still open questions regarding suitable architectures and training data . we revisit cnn design and point out key adaptations , enabling plain fasterrcnn to obtain state - of - the - art results on the caltech dataset . to achieve further improvement from more and better data , we introduce citypersons , a new set of person annotations on top of the cityscapes dataset . ←
→ optimal transport for deep joint transfer learning ; training a deep neural network ( dnn ) from scratch requires a large amount of labeled data . for a classification task where only small amount of training data is available , a common solution is to perform fine - tuning on a dnn which is pre - trained with related source data . this consecutive training process is time consuming and does not consider explicitly the relatedness between different source and target tasks . in this paper , we propose a novel method ←
→ the " something something " video database for learning and evaluating visual common sense ; neural networks trained on datasets such as imagenet have led to major advances in visual object classification . one obstacle that prevents networks from reasoning more deeply about complex scenes and situations , and from integrating visual knowledge with natural language , like humans do , is their lack of common sense knowledge about the physical world . videos , unlike still images , contain a wealth of detailed infor ←
→ learning unions of $ ω ( 1 )$- dimensional rectangles ; we consider the problem of learning unions of rectangles over the domain $[ b ]^ n $, in the uniform distribution membership query learning setting , where both b and n are " large ". we obtain poly $( n , \ log b )$- time algorithms for the following classes : - poly $( n \ log b )$- way majority of $ o (\ frac {\ log ( n \ log b )} {\ log \ log ( n \ log b )})$- dimensional rectangles . - union of poly $(\ log ( n \ log b ))$ many $ o (\ frac {\ log ^ 2 ( n \ log b )} {(\ log \ log ( n \ log b ) \ log \ log \ l ←
→ miljs : brand new javascript libraries for matrix calculation and machine learning ; miljs is a collection of state - of - the - art , platform - independent , scalable , fast javascript libraries for matrix calculation and machine learning . our core library offering a matrix calculation is called sushi , which exhibits far better performance than any other leading machine learning libraries written in javascript . especially , our matrix multiplication is 177 times faster than the fastest javascript benchmark . based o ←
→ a conformal prediction approach to explore functional data ; this paper applies conformal prediction techniques to compute simultaneous prediction bands and clustering trees for functional data . these tools can be used to detect outliers and clusters . both our prediction bands and clustering trees provide prediction sets for the underlying stochastic process with a guaranteed finite sample behavior , under no distributional assumptions . the prediction sets are also informative in that they correspond to the ←
→ should we really use post - hoc tests based on mean - ranks ? ; the statistical comparison of multiple algorithms over multiple data sets is fundamental in machine learning . this is typically carried out by the friedman test . when the friedman test rejects the null hypothesis , multiple comparisons are carried out to establish which are the significant differences among algorithms . the multiple comparisons are usually performed using the mean - ranks test . the aim of this technical note is to discuss the inconsiste ←
→ encoder - decoder with atrous separable convolution for semantic image segmentation ; spatial pyramid pooling module or encode - decoder structure are used in deep neural networks for semantic segmentation task . the former networks are able to encode multi - scale contextual information by probing the incoming features with filters or pooling operations at multiple rates and multiple effective fields - of - view , while the latter networks can capture sharper object boundaries by gradually recovering the spatial inf ←
→ no modes left behind : capturing the data distribution effectively using gans ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) while being very versatile in realistic image synthesis , still are sensitive to the input distribution . given a set of data that has an imbalance in the distribution , the networks are susceptible to missing modes and not capturing the data distribution . while various methods have been tried to improve training of gans , these have not addressed the challenges of covering the full data distr ←
→ normalization of relative and incomplete temporal expressions in clinical narratives ; we analyze the ri - timexes in temporally annotated corpora and propose two hypotheses regarding the normalization of ri - timexes in the clinical narrative domain : the anchor point hypothesis and the anchor relation hypothesis . we annotate the ri - timexes in three corpora to study the characteristics of ri - tmexes in different domains . this informed the design of our ri - timex normalization system for the clinical domain , whi ←
→ imu2face : real - time gesture - driven facial reenactment ; we present imu2face , a gesture - driven facial reenactment system . to this end , we combine recent advances in facial motion capture and inertial measurement units ( imus ) to control the facial expressions of a person in a target video based on intuitive hand gestures . imus are omnipresent , since modern smart - phones , smart - watches and drones integrate such sensors , e . g ., for changing the orientation of the screen content , counting steps , or for flight stab ←
→ unsupervised cross - domain image generation ; we study the problem of transferring a sample in one domain to an analog sample in another domain . given two related domains , s and t , we would like to learn a generative function g that maps an input sample from s to the domain t , such that the output of a given function f , which accepts inputs in either domains , would remain unchanged . other than the function f , the training data is unsupervised and consist of a set of samples from each domain . the domain trans ←
→ a two - layer conditional random field for the classification of partially occluded objects ; conditional random fields ( crf ) are among the most popular techniques for image labelling because of their flexibility in modelling dependencies between the labels and the image features . this paper proposes a novel crf - framework for image labeling problems which is capable to classify partially occluded objects . our approach is evaluated on aerial near - vertical images as well as on urban street - view images and com ←
→ segmentation and classification of cine - mr images using fully convolutional networks and handcrafted features ; three - dimensional cine - mri is of crucial importance for assessing the cardiac function . features that describe the anatomy and function of cardiac structures ( e . g . left ventricle ( lv ), right ventricle ( rv ), and myocardium ( mc )) are known to have significant diagnostic value and can be computed from 3d cine - mr images . however , these features require precise segmentation of cardiac structures . amon ←
→ median - truncated nonconvex approach for phase retrieval with outliers ; this paper investigates the phase retrieval problem , which aims to recover a signal from the magnitudes of its linear measurements . we develop statistically and computationally efficient algorithms for the situation when the measurements are corrupted by sparse outliers that can take arbitrary values . we propose a novel approach to robustify the gradient descent algorithm by using the sample median as a guide for pruning spurious sample ←
→ building an evaluation scale using item response theory ; evaluation of nlp methods requires testing against a previously vetted gold - standard test set and reporting standard metrics ( accuracy / precision / recall / f1 ). the current assumption is that all items in a given test set are equal with regards to difficulty and discriminating power . we propose item response theory ( irt ) from psychometrics as an alternative means for gold - standard test - set generation and nlp system evaluation . irt is able to describe cha ←
→ generating wikipedia by summarizing long sequences ; we show that generating english wikipedia articles can be approached as a multi - document summarization of source documents . we use extractive summarization to coarsely identify salient information and a neural abstractive model to generate the article . for the abstractive model , we introduce a decoder - only architecture that can scalably attend to very long sequences , much longer than typical encoder - decoder architectures used in sequence transduction . w ←
→ principal polynomial analysis ; this paper presents a new framework for manifold learning based on a sequence of principal polynomials that capture the possibly nonlinear nature of the data . the proposed principal polynomial analysis ( ppa ) generalizes pca by modeling the directions of maximal variance by means of curves , instead of straight lines . contrarily to previous approaches , ppa reduces to performing simple univariate regressions , which makes it computationally feasible and robust . moreover , ppa show ←
→ corpus - driven knowledge acquisition for discourse analysis ; the availability of large on - line text corpora provides a natural and promising bridge between the worlds of natural language processing ( nlp ) and machine learning ( ml ). in recent years , the nlp community has been aggressively investigating statistical techniques to drive part - of - speech taggers , but application - specific text corpora can be used to drive knowledge acquisition at much higher levels as well . in this paper we will show how ml techniqu ←
→ rational deployment of csp heuristics ; heuristics are crucial tools in decreasing search effort in varied fields of ai . in order to be effective , a heuristic must be efficient to compute , as well as provide useful information to the search algorithm . however , some well - known heuristics which do well in reducing backtracking are so heavy that the gain of deploying them in a search algorithm might be outweighed by their overhead . we propose a rational metareasoning approach to decide when to deploy heurist ←
→ enriching frame representations with distributionally induced senses ; we introduce a new lexical resource that enriches the framester knowledge graph , which links framnet , wordnet , verbnet and other resources , with semantic features from text corpora . these features are extracted from distributionally induced sense inventories and subsequently linked to the manually - constructed frame representations to boost the performance of frame disambiguation in context . since framester is a frame - based knowledge grap ←
→ eigenlogic : interpretable quantum observables with applications to fuzzy behavior of vehicular robots ; this work proposes a formulation of propositional logic , named eigenlogic , using quantum observables as propositions . the eigenvalues of these operators are the truth - values and the associated eigenvectors the interpretations of the propositional system . fuzzy logic arises naturally when considering vectors outside the eigensystem , the fuzzy membership function is obtained by the born rule of the logica ←
→ self - organised factorial encoding of a toroidal manifold ; it is shown analytically how a neural network can be used optimally to encode input data that is derived from a toroidal manifold . the case of a 2 - layer network is considered , where the output is assumed to be a set of discrete neural firing events . the network objective function measures the average euclidean error that occurs when the network attempts to reconstruct its input from its output . this optimisation problem is solved analytically for a ←
→ exhaustive and efficient constraint propagation : a semi - supervised learning perspective and its applications ; this paper presents a novel pairwise constraint propagation approach by decomposing the challenging constraint propagation problem into a set of independent semi - supervised learning subproblems which can be solved in quadratic time using label propagation based on k - nearest neighbor graphs . considering that this time cost is proportional to the number of all possible pairwise constraints , our app ←
→ embedded bandits for large - scale black - box optimization ; random embedding has been applied with empirical success to large - scale black - box optimization problems with low effective dimensions . this paper proposes the embeddedhunter algorithm , which incorporates the technique in a hierarchical stochastic bandit setting , following the optimism in the face of uncertainty principle and breaking away from the multiple - run framework in which random embedding has been conventionally applied similar to stochastic b ←
→ reachability under uncertainty ; in this paper we introduce a new network reachability problem where the goal is to find the most reliable path between two nodes in a network , represented as a directed acyclic graph . individual edges within this network may fail according to certain probabilities , and these failure probabilities may depend on the values of one or more hidden variables . this problem may be viewed as a generalization of shortest - path problems for finding minimum cost paths or viterbi - type pro ←
→ learning intrinsic sparse structures within long short - term memory ; model compression is significant for the wide adoption of recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) in both user devices possessing limited resources and business clusters requiring quick responses to large - scale service requests . this work aims to learn structurally - sparse long short - term memory ( lstm ) by reducing the sizes of basic structures within lstm units , including input updates , gates , hidden states , cell states and outputs . independently ←
→ training generative adversarial networks via primal - dual subgradient methods : a lagrangian perspective on gan ; we relate the minimax game of generative adversarial networks ( gans ) to finding the saddle points of the lagrangian function for a convex optimization problem , where the discriminator outputs and the distribution of generator outputs play the roles of primal variables and dual variables , respectively . this formulation shows the connection between the standard gan training process and the primal -←
→ significance of maximum spectral amplitude in sub - bands for spectral envelope estimation and its application to statistical parametric speech synthesis ; in this paper we propose a technique for spectral envelope estimation using maximum values in the sub - bands of fourier magnitude spectrum ( msasb ). most other methods in the literature parametrize spectral envelope in cepstral domain such as mel - generalized cepstrum etc . such cepstral domain representations , although compact , are not readily interpretab ←
→ determining the unithood of word sequences using a probabilistic approach ; most research related to unithood were conducted as part of a larger effort for the determination of termhood . consequently , novelties are rare in this small sub - field of term extraction . in addition , existing work were mostly empirically motivated and derived . we propose a new probabilistically - derived measure , independent of any influences of termhood , that provides dedicated measures to gather linguistic evidence from parsed te ←
→ opinion mining in online reviews about distance education programs ; the popularity of distance education programs is increasing at a fast pace . en par with this development , online communication in fora , social media and reviewing platforms between students is increasing as well . exploiting this information to support fellow students or institutions requires to extract the relevant opinions in order to automatically generate reports providing an overview of pros and cons of different distance education pro ←
→ adascan : adaptive scan pooling in deep convolutional neural networks for human action recognition in videos ; we propose a novel method for temporally pooling frames in a video for the task of human action recognition . the method is motivated by the observation that there are only a small number of frames which , together , contain sufficient information to discriminate an action class present in a video , from the rest . the proposed method learns to pool such discriminative and informative frames , while dis ←
→ automatic ontology generation for data mining using fca and clustering ; motivated by the increased need for formalized representations of the domain of data mining , the success of using formal concept analysis ( fca ) and ontology in several computer science fields , we present in this paper a new approach for automatic generation of fuzzy ontology of data mining ( fodm ), through the fusion of conceptual clustering , fuzzy logic , and fca . in our approach , we propose to generate ontology taking in consideration ←
→ monocular urban localization using street view ; this paper presents a metric global localization in the urban environment only with a monocular camera and the google street view database . we fully leverage the abundant sources from the street view and benefits from its topo - metric structure to build a coarse - to - fine positioning , namely a topological place recognition process and then a metric pose estimation by local bundle adjustment . our method is tested on a 3 km urban environment and demonstrates both ←
→ k - histograms : an efficient clustering algorithm for categorical dataset ; clustering categorical data is an integral part of data mining and has attracted much attention recently . in this paper , we present k - histogram , a new efficient algorithm for clustering categorical data . the k - histogram algorithm extends the k - means algorithm to categorical domain by replacing the means of clusters with histograms , and dynamically updates histograms in the clustering process . experimental results on real datasets show ←
→ neural networks models for entity discovery and linking ; this paper describes the ustc_nelslip systems submitted to the trilingual entity detection and linking ( edl ) track in 2016 tac knowledge base population ( kbp ) contests . we have built two systems for entity discovery and mention detection ( md ): one uses the conditional rnnlm and the other one uses the attention - based encoder - decoder framework . the entity linking ( el ) system consists of two modules : a rule based candidate generation and a neural networ ←
→ complexity of discrete energy minimization problems ; discrete energy minimization is widely - used in computer vision and machine learning for problems such as map inference in graphical models . the problem , in general , is notoriously intractable , and finding the global optimal solution is known to be np - hard . however , is it possible to approximate this problem with a reasonable ratio bound on the solution quality in polynomial time ? we show in this paper that the answer is no . specifically , we show that gen ←
→ a probabilistic perspective on gaussian filtering and smoothing ; we present a general probabilistic perspective on gaussian filtering and smoothing . this allows us to show that common approaches to gaussian filtering / smoothing can be distinguished solely by their methods of computing / approximating the means and covariances of joint probabilities . this implies that novel filters and smoothers can be derived straightforwardly by providing methods for computing these moments . based on this insight , we derive ←
→ hierarchical clustering for finding symmetries and other patterns in massive , high dimensional datasets ; data analysis and data mining are concerned with unsupervised pattern finding and structure determination in data sets . " structure " can be understood as symmetry and a range of symmetries are expressed by hierarchy . such symmetries directly point to invariants , that pinpoint intrinsic properties of the data and of the background empirical domain of interest . we review many aspects of hierarchy here , i ←
→ multimodal recurrent neural networks with information transfer layers for indoor scene labeling ; this paper proposes a new method called multimodal rnns for rgb - d scene semantic segmentation . it is optimized to classify image pixels given two input sources : rgb color channels and depth maps . it simultaneously performs training of two recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) that are crossly connected through information transfer layers , which are learnt to adaptively extract relevant cross - modality features . eac ←
→ tighter lifting - free convex relaxations for quadratic matching problems ; in this work we study convex relaxations of quadratic optimisation problems over permutation matrices . while existing semidefinite programming approaches can achieve remarkably tight relaxations , they have the strong disadvantage that they lift the original $ n {\ times } n $- dimensional variable to an $ n ^ 2 {\ times } n ^ 2 $- dimensional variable , which limits their practical applicability . in contrast , here we present a lifting - free convex re ←
→ a neural network decision tree for learning concepts from eeg data ; to learn the multi - class conceptions from the electroencephalogram ( eeg ) data we developed a neural network decision tree ( dt ), that performs the linear tests , and a new training algorithm . we found that the known methods fail inducting the classification models when the data are presented by the features some of them are irrelevant , and the classes are heavily overlapped . to train the dt , our algorithm exploits a bottom up search of the f ←
→ stratified analysis of ` probabilities of causation ' ; this paper proposes new formulas for the probabilities of causation difined by pearl ( 2000 ). tian and pearl ( 2000a , 2000b ) showed how to bound the quantities of the probabilities of causation from experimental and observational data , under the minimal assumptions about the data - generating process . we derive narrower bounds than tian - pearl bounds by making use of the covariate information measured in experimental and observational studies . in addition , we ←
→ a multi - layered acoustic tokenizing deep neural network ( mat - dnn ) for unsupervised discovery of linguistic units and generation of high quality features ; this paper summarizes the work done by the authors for the zero resource speech challenge organized in the technical program of interspeech 2015 . the goal of the challenge is to discover linguistic units directly from unlabeled speech data . the multi - layered acoustic tokenizer ( mat ) proposed in this work automatically discovers multiple sets of acoust ←
→ skip rnn : learning to skip state updates in recurrent neural networks ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) continue to show outstanding performance in sequence modeling tasks . however , training rnns on long sequences often face challenges like slow inference , vanishing gradients and difficulty in capturing long term dependencies . in backpropagation through time settings , these issues are tightly coupled with the large , sequential computational graph resulting from unfolding the rnn in time . we introduce the s ←
→ co - clustering through optimal transport ; in this paper , we present a novel method for co - clustering , an unsupervised learning approach that aims at discovering homogeneous groups of data instances and features by grouping them simultaneously . the proposed method uses the entropy regularized optimal transport between empirical measures defined on data instances and features in order to obtain an estimated joint probability density function represented by the optimal coupling matrix . this matrix is further f ←
→ an efficient algorithm for mining frequent sequence with constraint programming ; the main advantage of constraint programming ( cp ) approaches for sequential pattern mining ( spm ) is their modularity , which includes the ability to add new constraints ( regular expressions , length restrictions , etc ). the current best cp approach for spm uses a global constraint ( module ) that computes the projected database and enforces the minimum frequency ; it does this with a filtering algorithm similar to the prefixspan m ←
→ using objective words in the reviews to improve the colloquial arabic sentiment analysis ; one of the main difficulties in sentiment analysis of the arabic language is the presence of the colloquialism . in this paper , we examine the effect of using objective words in conjunction with sentimental words on sentiment classification for the colloquial arabic reviews , specifically jordanian colloquial reviews . the reviews often include both sentimental and objective words , however , the most existing sentiment ←
→ generating extractive summaries of scientific paradigms ; researchers and scientists increasingly find themselves in the position of having to quickly understand large amounts of technical material . our goal is to effectively serve this need by using bibliometric text mining and summarization techniques to generate summaries of scientific literature . we show how we can use citations to produce automatically generated , readily consumable , technical extractive summaries . we first propose c - lexrank , a model fo ←
→ modularity aspects of disjunctive stable models ; practically all programming languages allow the programmer to split a program into several modules which brings along several advantages in software development . in this paper , we are interested in the area of answer - set programming where fully declarative and nonmonotonic languages are applied . in this context , obtaining a modular structure for programs is by no means straightforward since the output of an entire program cannot in general be composed from t ←
→ curvature - aided incremental aggregated gradient method ; we propose a new algorithm for finite sum optimization which we call the curvature - aided incremental aggregated gradient ( ciag ) method . motivated by the problem of training a classifier for a d - dimensional problem , where the number of training data is $ m $ and $ m \ gg d \ gg 1 $, the ciag method seeks to accelerate incremental aggregated gradient ( iag ) methods using aids from the curvature ( or hessian ) information , while avoiding the evaluation of matrix ←
→ on the identifiability of mixture models from grouped samples ; finite mixture models are statistical models which appear in many problems in statistics and machine learning . in such models it is assumed that data are drawn from random probability measures , called mixture components , which are themselves drawn from a probability measure p over probability measures . when estimating mixture models , it is common to make assumptions on the mixture components , such as parametric assumptions . in this paper , we ma ←
→ correction of errors in a modality corpus used for machine translation by using machine - learning method ; we performed corpus correction on a modality corpus for machine translation by using such machine - learning methods as the maximum - entropy method . we thus constructed a high - quality modality corpus based on corpus correction . we compared several kinds of methods for corpus correction in our experiments and developed a good method for corpus correction .←
→ graph classification with 2d convolutional neural networks ; graph learning is currently dominated by graph kernels , which , while powerful , suffer some significant limitations . convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) offer a very appealing alternative , but processing graphs with cnns is not trivial . to address this challenge , many sophisticated extensions of cnns have recently been introduced . in this paper , we reverse the problem : rather than proposing yet another graph cnn model , we introduce a novel way to ←
→ adaptive polar active contour for segmentation and tracking in ultrasound videos ; detection of relative changes in circulating blood volume is important to guide resuscitation and manage a variety of medical conditions including sepsis , trauma , dialysis and congestive heart failure . recent studies have shown that estimates of circulating blood volume can be obtained from the cross - sectional area ( csa ) of the internal jugular vein ( ijv ) from ultrasound images . however , accurate segmentation and tracking o ←
→ justifying information - geometric causal inference ; information geometric causal inference ( igci ) is a new approach to distinguish between cause and effect for two variables . it is based on an independence assumption between input distribution and causal mechanism that can be phrased in terms of orthogonality in information space . we describe two intuitive reinterpretations of this approach that makes igci more accessible to a broader audience . moreover , we show that the described independence is related ←
→ fast and accurate entity recognition with iterated dilated convolutions ; today when many practitioners run basic nlp on the entire web and large - volume traffic , faster methods are paramount to saving time and energy costs . recent advances in gpu hardware have led to the emergence of bi - directional lstms as a standard method for obtaining per - token vector representations serving as input to labeling tasks such as ner ( often followed by prediction in a linear - chain crf ). though expressive and accurate , these ←
→ continuously heterogeneous hyper - objects in cryo - em and 3 - d movies of many temporal dimensions ; single particle cryo - electron microscopy ( em ) is an increasingly popular method for determining the 3 - d structure of macromolecules from noisy 2 - d images of single macromolecules whose orientations and positions are random and unknown . one of the great opportunities in cryo - em is to recover the structure of macromolecules in heterogeneous samples , where multiple types or multiple conformations are mixed togeth ←
→ inferring and executing programs for visual reasoning ; existing methods for visual reasoning attempt to directly map inputs to outputs using black - box architectures without explicitly modeling the underlying reasoning processes . as a result , these black - box models often learn to exploit biases in the data rather than learning to perform visual reasoning . inspired by module networks , this paper proposes a model for visual reasoning that consists of a program generator that constructs an explicit representat ←
→ a hybrid bat algorithm ; swarm intelligence is a very powerful technique to be used for optimization purposes . in this paper we present a new swarm intelligence algorithm , based on the bat algorithm . the bat algorithm is hybridized with differential evolution strategies . besides showing very promising results of the standard benchmark functions , this hybridization also significantly improves the original bat algorithm .←
→ deviation based pooling strategies for full reference image quality assessment ; the state - of - the - art pooling strategies for perceptual image quality assessment ( iqa ) are based on the mean and the weighted mean . they are robust pooling strategies which usually provide a moderate to high performance for different iqas . recently , standard deviation ( sd ) pooling was also proposed . although , this deviation pooling provides a very high performance for a few iqas , its performance is lower than mean poolings for ←
→ on the complexity analysis of randomized block - coordinate descent methods ; in this paper we analyze the randomized block - coordinate descent ( rbcd ) methods proposed in [ 8 , 11 ] for minimizing the sum of a smooth convex function and a block - separable convex function . in particular , we extend nesterov ' s technique developed in [ 8 ] for analyzing the rbcd method for minimizing a smooth convex function over a block - separable closed convex set to the aforementioned more general problem and obtain a sharper expecte ←
→ p - tree programming ; we propose a novel method for automatic program synthesis . p - tree programming represents the program search space through a single probabilistic prototype tree . from this prototype tree we form program instances which we evaluate on a given problem . the error values from the evaluations are propagated through the prototype tree . we use them to update the probability distributions that determine the symbol choices of further instances . the iterative method is applied to several symbolic ←
→ from 9 - im topological operators to qualitative spatial relations using 3d selective nef complexes and logic rules for bodies ; this paper presents a method to compute automatically topological relations using swrl rules . the calculation of these rules is based on the definition of a selective nef complexes nef polyhedra structure generated from standard polyhedron . the selective nef complexes is a data model providing a set of binary boolean operators such as union , difference , intersection and symmetric ←
→ on the optimality of shape and data representation in the spectral domain ; a proof of the optimality of the eigenfunctions of the laplace - beltrami operator ( lbo ) in representing smooth functions on surfaces is provided and adapted to the field of applied shape and data analysis . it is based on the courant - fischer min - max principle adapted to our case . % the theorem we present supports the new trend in geometry processing of treating geometric structures by using their projection onto the leading eigenfun ←
→ coalitional manipulation for schulze ' s rule ; schulze ' s rule is used in the elections of a large number of organizations including wikimedia and debian . part of the reason for its popularity is the large number of axiomatic properties , like monotonicity and condorcet consistency , which it satisfies . we identify a potential shortcoming of schulze ' s rule : it is computationally vulnerable to manipulation . in particular , we prove that computing an unweighted coalitional manipulation ( ucm ) is polynomial for any ←
→ trans - gram , fast cross - lingual word - embeddings ; we introduce trans - gram , a simple and computationally - efficient method to simultaneously learn and align wordembeddings for a variety of languages , using only monolingual data and a smaller set of sentence - aligned data . we use our new method to compute aligned wordembeddings for twenty - one languages using english as a pivot language . we show that some linguistic features are aligned across languages for which we do not have aligned data , even though those pro ←
→ attention - based models for text - dependent speaker verification ; attention - based models have recently shown great performance on a range of tasks , such as speech recognition , machine translation , and image captioning due to their ability to summarize relevant information that expands through the entire length of an input sequence . in this paper , we analyze the usage of attention mechanisms to the problem of sequence summarization in our end - to - end text - dependent speaker recognition system . we explore differ ←
→ new worst upper bound for # sat ; the rigorous theoretical analyses of algorithms for # sat have been proposed in the literature . as we know , previous algorithms for solving # sat have been analyzed only regarding the number of variables as the parameter . however , the time complexity for solving # sat instances depends not only on the number of variables , but also on the number of clauses . therefore , it is significant to exploit the time complexity from the other point of view , i . e . the number of clauses . in th ←
→ a dataset for movie description ; descriptive video service ( dvs ) provides linguistic descriptions of movies and allows visually impaired people to follow a movie along with their peers . such descriptions are by design mainly visual and thus naturally form an interesting data source for computer vision and computational linguistics . in this work we propose a novel dataset which contains transcribed dvs , which is temporally aligned to full length hd movies . in addition we also collected the aligned movie scr ←
→ automatic moth detection from trap images for pest management ; monitoring the number of insect pests is a crucial component in pheromone - based pest management systems . in this paper , we propose an automatic detection pipeline based on deep learning for identifying and counting pests in images taken inside field traps . applied to a commercial codling moth dataset , our method shows promising performance both qualitatively and quantitatively . compared to previous attempts at pest detection , our approach uses ←
→ scaling multidimensional inference for structured gaussian processes ; exact gaussian process ( gp ) regression has o ( n ^ 3 ) runtime for data size n , making it intractable for large n . many algorithms for improving gp scaling approximate the covariance with lower rank matrices . other work has exploited structure inherent in particular covariance functions , including gps with implied markov structure , and equispaced inputs ( both enable o ( n ) runtime ). however , these gp advances have not been extended to the multi ←
→ noisy softplus : an activation function that enables snns to be trained as anns ; we extended the work of proposed activation function , noisy softplus , to fit into training of layered up spiking neural networks ( snns ). thus , any ann employing noisy softplus neurons , even of deep architecture , can be trained simply by the traditional algorithm , for example back propagation ( bp ), and the trained weights can be directly used in the spiking version of the same network without any conversion . furthermore , the t ←
→ reduced rank vector generalized linear models for feature extraction ; supervised linear feature extraction can be achieved by fitting a reduced rank multivariate model . this paper studies rank penalized and rank constrained vector generalized linear models . from the perspective of thresholding rules , we build a framework for fitting singular value penalized models and use it for feature extraction . through solving the rank constraint form of the problem , we propose progressive feature space reduction for f ←
→ personalization of saliency estimation ; most existing saliency models use low - level features or task descriptions when generating attention predictions . however , the link between observer characteristics and gaze patterns is rarely investigated . we present a novel saliency prediction technique which takes viewers ' identities and personal traits into consideration when modeling human attention . instead of only computing image salience for average observers , we consider the interpersonal variation in the vie ←
→ sentence similarity learning by lexical decomposition and composition ; most conventional sentence similarity methods only focus on similar parts of two input sentences , and simply ignore the dissimilar parts , which usually give us some clues and semantic meanings about the sentences . in this work , we propose a model to take into account both the similarities and dissimilarities by decomposing and composing lexical semantics over sentences . the model represents each word as a vector , and calculates a semant ←
→ so - net : self - organizing network for point cloud analysis ; this paper presents so - net , a permutation invariant architecture for deep learning with orderless point clouds . the so - net models the spatial distribution of point cloud by building a self - organizing map ( som ). based on the som , so - net performs hierarchical feature extraction on individual points and som nodes , and ultimately represents the input point cloud by a single feature vector . the receptive field of the network can be systematically adjuste ←
→ a novel approach for shot boundary detection in videos ; this paper presents a novel approach for video shot boundary detection . the proposed approach is based on split and merge concept . a fisher linear discriminant criterion is used to guide the process of both splitting and merging . for the purpose of capturing the between class and within class scatter we employ 2d2 fld method which works on texture feature of regions in each frame of a video . further to reduce the complexity of the process we propose t ←
→ parameterized complexity and kernel bounds for hard planning problems ; the propositional planning problem is a notoriously difficult computational problem . downey et al . ( 1999 ) initiated the parameterized analysis of planning ( with plan length as the parameter ) and b \" ackstr \" om et al . ( 2012 ) picked up this line of research and provided an extensive parameterized analysis under various restrictions , leaving open only one stubborn case . we continue this work and provide a full classification . in particular ,←
→ deep learning from noisy image labels with quality embedding ; there is an emerging trend to leverage noisy image datasets in many visual recognition tasks . however , the label noise among the datasets severely degenerates the \ mbox { performance of deep } learning approaches . recently , one mainstream is to introduce the latent label to handle label noise , which has shown promising improvement in the network designs . nevertheless , the mismatch between latent labels and noisy labels still affects the predictions ←
→ multi - level anomaly detection on time - varying graph data ; this work presents a novel modeling and analysis framework for graph sequences which addresses the challenge of detecting and contextualizing anomalies in labelled , streaming graph data . we introduce a generalization of the bter model of seshadhri et al . by adding flexibility to community structure , and use this model to perform multi - scale graph anomaly detection . specifically , probability models describing coarse subgraphs are built by aggregating ←
→ adaptive system optimization using random directions stochastic approximation ; we present novel algorithms for simulation optimization using random directions stochastic approximation ( rdsa ). these include first - order ( gradient ) as well as second - order ( newton ) schemes . we incorporate both continuous - valued as well as discrete - valued perturbations into both our algorithms . the former are chosen to be independent and identically distributed ( i . i . d .) symmetric , uniformly distributed random variables ( r . v .)←
→ npglm : a non - parametric method for temporal link prediction ; in this paper , we try to solve the problem of temporal link prediction in information networks . this implies predicting the time it takes for a link to appear in the future , given its features that have been extracted at the current network snapshot . to this end , we introduce a probabilistic non - parametric approach , called " non - parametric generalized linear model " ( np - glm ), which infers the hidden underlying probability distribution of the link a ←
→ the use of conflicts in searching bayesian networks ; this paper discusses how conflicts ( as used by the consistency - based diagnosis community ) can be adapted to be used in a search - based algorithm for computing prior and posterior probabilities in discrete bayesian networks . this is an " anytime " algorithm , that at any stage can estimate the probabilities and give an error bound . whereas the most popular bayesian net algorithms exploit the structure of the network for efficiency , we exploit probability dist ←
→ learning optimized or ' s of and ' s ; or ' s of and ' s ( oa ) models are comprised of a small number of disjunctions of conjunctions , also called disjunctive normal form . an example of an oa model is as follows : if ($ x_1 = $ ` blue ' and $ x_2 =$ ` middle ') or ($ x_1 = $ ` yellow '), then predict $ y = 1 $, else predict $ y = 0 $. or ' s of and ' s models have the advantage of being interpretable to human experts , since they are a set of conditions that concisely capture the characteristics of a specific subset of data . we present two ←
→ when are overcomplete topic models identifiable ? uniqueness of tensor tucker decompositions with structured sparsity ; overcomplete latent representations have been very popular for unsupervised feature learning in recent years . in this paper , we specify which overcomplete models can be identified given observable moments of a certain order . we consider probabilistic admixture or topic models in the overcomplete regime , where the number of latent topics can greatly exceed the size of the observed word voc ←
→ icorating : a deep - learning system for scam ico identification ; cryptocurrencies ( or digital tokens , digital currencies , e . g ., btc , eth , xrp , neo ) have been rapidly gaining ground in use , value , and understanding among the public , bringing astonishing profits to investors . unlike other money and banking systems , most digital tokens do not require central authorities . being decentralized poses significant challenges for credit rating . most icos are currently not subject to government regulations , which makes ←
→ comparison based nearest neighbor search ; we consider machine learning in a comparison - based setting where we are given a set of points in a metric space , but we have no access to the actual distances between the points . instead , we can only ask an oracle whether the distance between two points $ i $ and $ j $ is smaller than the distance between the points $ i $ and $ k $. we are concerned with data structures and algorithms to find nearest neighbors based on such comparisons . we focus on a simple yet effective a ←
→ decreasing weighted sorted $\ ell_1 $ regularization ; we consider a new family of regularizers , termed {\ it weighted sorted $\ ell_1 $ norms } ( wsl1 ), which generalizes the recently introduced {\ it octagonal shrinkage and clustering algorithm for regression } ( oscar ) and also contains the $\ ell_1 $ and $\ ell_ {\ infty }$ norms as particular instances . we focus on a special case of the wsl1 , the {\ sl decreasing wsl1 } ( dwsl1 ), where the elements of the argument vector are sorted in non - increasing order and the weights ←
→ data - efficient off - policy policy evaluation for reinforcement learning ; in this paper we present a new way of predicting the performance of a reinforcement learning policy given historical data that may have been generated by a different policy . the ability to evaluate a policy from historical data is important for applications where the deployment of a bad policy can be dangerous or costly . we show empirically that our algorithm produces estimates that often have orders of magnitude lower mean squared err ←
→ functional principal component analysis and randomized sparse clustering algorithm for medical image analysis ; due to advances in sensors , growing large and complex medical image data have the ability to visualize the pathological change in the cellular or even the molecular level or anatomical changes in tissues and organs . as a consequence , the medical images have the potential to enhance diagnosis of disease , prediction of clinical outcomes , characterization of disease progression , management of healt ←
→ classifying and sorting cluttered piles of unknown objects with robots : a learning approach ; we consider the problem of sorting a densely cluttered pile of unknown objects using a robot . this yet unsolved problem is relevant in the robotic waste sorting business . by extending previous active learning approaches to grasping , we show a system that learns the task autonomously . instead of predicting just whether a grasp succeeds , we predict the classes of the objects that end up being picked and thrown on ←
→ statistical mechanics of unsupervised feature learning in a restricted boltzmann machine with binary synapses ; revealing hidden features in unlabeled data is called unsupervised feature learning , which plays an important role in pretraining a deep neural network . here we provide a statistical mechanics analysis of the unsupervised learning in a restricted boltzmann machine with binary synapses . a message passing equation to infer the hidden feature is derived , and furthermore , variants of this equation a ←
→ hierarchical dirichlet scaling process ; we present the \ textit { hierarchical dirichlet scaling process } ( hdsp ), a bayesian nonparametric mixed membership model . the hdsp generalizes the hierarchical dirichlet process ( hdp ) to model the correlation structure between metadata in the corpus and mixture components . we construct the hdsp based on the normalized gamma representation of the dirichlet process , and this construction allows incorporating a scaling function that controls the membership probabilities o ←
→ a machine - learning approach to estimating the referential properties of japanese noun phrases ; the referential properties of noun phrases in the japanese language , which has no articles , are useful for article generation in japanese - english machine translation and for anaphora resolution in japanese noun phrases . they are generally classified as generic noun phrases , definite noun phrases , and indefinite noun phrases . in the previous work , referential properties were estimated by developing rules that us ←
→ minerva and minepy : a c engine for the mine suite and its r , python and matlab wrappers ; we introduce a novel implementation in ansi c of the mine family of algorithms for computing maximal information - based measures of dependence between two variables in large datasets , with the aim of a low memory footprint and ease of integration within bioinformatics pipelines . we provide the libraries minerva ( with the r interface ) and minepy for python , matlab , octave and c ++. the c solution reduces the large memor ←
→ improving palliative care with deep learning ; improving the quality of end - of - life care for hospitalized patients is a priority for healthcare organizations . studies have shown that physicians tend to over - estimate prognoses , which in combination with treatment inertia results in a mismatch between patients wishes and actual care at the end of life . we describe a method to address this problem using deep learning and electronic health record ( ehr ) data , which is currently being piloted , with institutional ←
→ comparing convolutional neural networks to traditional models for slot filling ; we address relation classification in the context of slot filling , the task of finding and evaluating fillers like " steve jobs " for the slot x in " x founded apple ". we propose a convolutional neural network which splits the input sentence into three parts according to the relation arguments and compare it to state - of - the - art and traditional approaches of relation classification . finally , we combine different methods and show ←
→ average word length dynamics as indicator of cultural changes in society ; dynamics of average length of words in russian and english is analysed in the article . words belonging to the diachronic text corpus google books ngram and dated back to the last two centuries are studied . it was found out that average word length slightly increased in the 19th century , and then it was growing rapidly most of the 20th century and started decreasing over the period from the end of the 20th - to the beginning of the 21 ←
→ location sensitive deep convolutional neural networks for segmentation of white matter hyperintensities ; the anatomical location of imaging features is of crucial importance for accurate diagnosis in many medical tasks . convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have had huge successes in computer vision , but they lack the natural ability to incorporate the anatomical location in their decision making process , hindering success in some medical image analysis tasks . in this paper , to integrate the anatomical l ←
→ parsing universal dependencies without training ; we propose udp , the first training - free parser for universal dependencies ( ud ). our algorithm is based on pagerank and a small set of head attachment rules . it features two - step decoding to guarantee that function words are attached as leaf nodes . the parser requires no training , and it is competitive with a delexicalized transfer system . udp offers a linguistically sound unsupervised alternative to cross - lingual parsing for ud , which can be used as a baseli ←
→ interferences in match kernels ; we consider the design of an image representation that embeds and aggregates a set of local descriptors into a single vector . popular representations of this kind include the bag - of - visual - words , the fisher vector and the vlad . when two such image representations are compared with the dot - product , the image - to - image similarity can be interpreted as a match kernel . in match kernels , one has to deal with interference , i . e . with the fact that even if two descriptors are unrelat ←
→ be careful what you backpropagate : a case for linear output activations & gradient boosting ; in this work , we show that saturating output activation functions , such as the softmax , impede learning on a number of standard classification tasks . moreover , we present results showing that the utility of softmax does not stem from the normalization , as some have speculated . in fact , the normalization makes things worse . rather , the advantage is in the exponentiation of error gradients . this exponential gradien ←
→ a comparison of feature - based and neural scansion of poetry ; automatic analysis of poetic rhythm is a challenging task that involves linguistics , literature , and computer science . when the language to be analyzed is known , rule - based systems or data - driven methods can be used . in this paper , we analyze poetic rhythm in english and spanish . we show that the representations of data learned from character - based neural models are more informative than the ones from hand - crafted features , and that a bi - lstm + crf ←
→ adaptive learning rate via covariance matrix based preconditioning for deep neural networks ; adaptive learning rate algorithms such as rmsprop are widely used for training deep neural networks . rmsprop offers efficient training since it uses first order gradients to approximate hessian - based preconditioning . however , since the first order gradients include noise caused by stochastic optimization , the approximation may be inaccurate . in this paper , we propose a novel adaptive learning rate algorithm calle ←
→ issues in evaluating semantic spaces using word analogies ; the offset method for solving word analogies has become a standard evaluation tool for vector - space semantic models : it is considered desirable for a space to represent semantic relations as consistent vector offsets . we show that the method ' s reliance on cosine similarity conflates offset consistency with largely irrelevant neighborhood structure , and propose simple baselines that should be used to improve the utility of the method in vector space ←
→ deep residual networks and weight initialization ; residual network ( resnet ) is the state - of - the - art architecture that realizes successful training of really deep neural network . it is also known that good weight initialization of neural network avoids problem of vanishing / exploding gradients . in this paper , simplified models of resnets are analyzed . we argue that goodness of resnet is correlated with the fact that resnets are relatively insensitive to choice of initial weights . we also demonstrate how batc ←
→ efficient sampling for k - determinantal point processes ; determinantal point processes ( dpps ) are elegant probabilistic models of repulsion and diversity over discrete sets of items . but their applicability to large sets is hindered by expensive cubic - complexity matrix operations for basic tasks such as sampling . in light of this , we propose a new method for approximate sampling from discrete $ k $- dpps . our method takes advantage of the diversity property of subsets sampled from a dpp , and proceeds in two st ←
→ approximate message passing for nonconvex sparse regularization with stability and asymptotic analysis ; we analyse a linear regression problem with nonconvex regularization called smoothly clipped absolute deviation ( scad ) under an overcomplete gaussian basis for gaussian random data . we propose an approximate message passing ( amp ) algorithm considering nonconvex regularization , namely scad - amp , and analytically show that the stability condition corresponds to the de almeida -- thouless condition in spin g ←
→ partial optimality by pruning for map - inference with general graphical models ; we consider the energy minimization problem for undirected graphical models , also known as map - inference problem for markov random fields which is np - hard in general . we propose a novel polynomial time algorithm to obtain a part of its optimal non - relaxed integral solution . our algorithm is initialized with variables taking integral values in the solution of a convex relaxation of the map - inference problem and iteratively prun ←
→ a novel approach for authenticating textual or graphical passwords using hopfield neural network ; password authentication using hopfield networks is presented in this paper . in this paper we discussed the hopfield network scheme for textual and graphical passwords , for which input password will be converted in to probabilistic values . we observed how to get password authentication using probabilistic values for textual passwords and graphical passwords . this study proposes the use of a hopfield neural ne ←
→ deep generative - contrastive networks for facial expression recognition ; as the expressive depth of an emotional face differs with individuals , expressions , or situations , recognizing an expression using a single facial image at a moment is difficult . one of the approaches to alleviate this difficulty is using a video - based method that utilizes multiple frames to extract temporal information between facial expression images . in this paper , we attempt to utilize a generative image that is estimated based on ←
→ evolving accuracy : a genetic algorithm to improve election night forecasts ; in this paper , we apply genetic algorithms to the field of electoral studies . forecasting election results is one of the most exciting and demanding tasks in the area of market research , especially due to the fact that decisions have to be made within seconds on live television . we show that the proposed method outperforms currently applied approaches and thereby provide an argument to tighten the intersection between computer sc ←
→ the modular audio recognition framework ( marf ) and its applications : scientific and software engineering notes ; marf is an open - source research platform and a collection of voice / sound / speech / text and natural language processing ( nlp ) algorithms written in java and arranged into a modular and extensible framework facilitating addition of new algorithms . marf can run distributively over the network and may act as a library in applications or be used as a source for learning and extension . a few example ap ←
→ selectional restrictions in hpsg ; selectional restrictions are semantic sortal constraints imposed on the participants of linguistic constructions to capture contextually - dependent constraints on interpretation . despite their limitations , selectional restrictions have proven very useful in natural language applications , where they have been used frequently in word sense disambiguation , syntactic disambiguation , and anaphora resolution . given their practical value , we explore two methods to incorporate sele ←
→ choosing smartly : adaptive multimodal fusion for object detection in changing environments ; object detection is an essential task for autonomous robots operating in dynamic and changing environments . a robot should be able to detect objects in the presence of sensor noise that can be induced by changing lighting conditions for cameras and false depth readings for range sensors , especially rgb - d cameras . to tackle these challenges , we propose a novel adaptive fusion approach for object detection that lear ←
→ on discarding , caching , and recalling samples in active learning ; we address challenges of active learning under scarce informational resources in non - stationary environments . in real - world settings , data labeled and integrated into a predictive model may become invalid over time . however , the data can become informative again with switches in context and such changes may indicate unmodeled cyclic or other temporal dynamics . we explore principles for discarding , caching , and recalling labeled data points i ←
→ bipolar possibilistic representations ; recently , it has been emphasized that the possibility theory framework allows us to distinguish between i ) what is possible because it is not ruled out by the available knowledge , and ii ) what is possible for sure . this distinction may be useful when representing knowledge , for modelling values which are not impossible because they are consistent with the available knowledge on the one hand , and values guaranteed to be possible because reported from observations on th ←
→ toward scalable verification for safety - critical deep networks ; the increasing use of deep neural networks for safety - critical applications , such as autonomous driving and flight control , raises concerns about their safety and reliability . formal verification can address these concerns by guaranteeing that a deep learning system operates as intended , but the state of the art is limited to small systems . in this work - in - progress report we give an overview of our work on mitigating this difficulty , by pursui ←
→ automated surgical skill assessment in rmis training ; purpose : manual feedback in basic rmis training can consume a significant amount of time from expert surgeons ' schedule and is prone to subjectivity . while vr - based training tasks can generate automated score reports , there is no mechanism of generating automated feedback for surgeons performing basic surgical tasks in rmis training . in this paper , we explore the usage of different holistic features for automated skill assessment using only robot kinema ←
→ deep learning for patient - specific kidney graft survival analysis ; an accurate model of patient - specific kidney graft survival distributions can help to improve shared - decision making in the treatment and care of patients . in this paper , we propose a deep learning method that directly models the survival function instead of estimating the hazard function to predict survival times for graft patients based on the principle of multi - task learning . by learning to jointly predict the time of the event , and its ←
→ graph prediction in a low - rank and autoregressive setting ; we study the problem of prediction for evolving graph data . we formulate the problem as the minimization of a convex objective encouraging sparsity and low - rank of the solution , that reflect natural graph properties . the convex formulation allows to obtain oracle inequalities and efficient solvers . we provide empirical results for our algorithm and comparison with competing methods , and point out two open questions related to compressed sensing and ←
→ probabilistic tools for the analysis of randomized optimization heuristics ; this chapter collects several probabilistic tools that proved to be useful in the analysis of randomized search heuristics . this includes classic material like markov , chebyshev and chernoff inequalities , but also lesser known topics like stochastic domination and coupling or chernoff bounds for geometrically distributed random variables and for negatively correlated random variables . almost all of the results presented here have ←
→ utilizing artificial neural networks to predict demand for weather - sensitive products at retail stores ; one key requirement for effective supply chain management is the quality of its inventory management . various inventory management methods are typically employed for different types of products based on their demand patterns , product attributes , and supply network . in this paper , our goal is to develop robust demand prediction methods for weather sensitive products at retail stores . we employ historica ←
→ bengali to assamese statistical machine translation using moses ( corpus based ) ; machine dialect interpretation assumes a real part in encouraging man - machine correspondence and in addition men - men correspondence in natural language processing ( nlp ). machine translation ( mt ) alludes to utilizing machine to change one dialect to an alternate . statistical machine translation is a type of mt consisting of language model ( lm ), translation model ( tm ) and decoder . in this paper , bengali to assamese statistical ←
→ noisy subspace clustering via thresholding ; we consider the problem of clustering noisy high - dimensional data points into a union of low - dimensional subspaces and a set of outliers . the number of subspaces , their dimensions , and their orientations are unknown . a probabilistic performance analysis of the thresholding - based subspace clustering ( tsc ) algorithm introduced recently in [ 1 ] shows that tsc succeeds in the noisy case , even when the subspaces intersect . our results reveal an explicit tradeoff betwee ←
→ sapa : a multi - objective metric temporal planner ; sapa is a domain - independent heuristic forward chaining planner that can handle durative actions , metric resource constraints , and deadline goals . it is designed to be capable of handling the multi - objective nature of metric temporal planning . our technical contributions include ( i ) planning - graph based methods for deriving heuristics that are sensitive to both cost and makespan ( ii ) techniques for adjusting the heuristic estimates to take action interaction ←
→ set intersection and consistency in constraint networks ; in this paper , we show that there is a close relation between consistency in a constraint network and set intersection . a proof schema is provided as a generic way to obtain consistency properties from properties on set intersection . this approach not only simplifies the understanding of and unifies many existing consistency results , but also directs the study of consistency to that of set intersection properties in many situations , as demonstrated b ←
→ optimal stochastic strongly convex optimization with a logarithmic number of projections ; we consider stochastic strongly convex optimization with a complex inequality constraint . this complex inequality constraint may lead to computationally expensive projections in algorithmic iterations of the stochastic gradient descent ~( sgd ) methods . to reduce the computation costs pertaining to the projections , we propose an epoch - projection stochastic gradient descent ~( epro - sgd ) method . the proposed epro - sgd metho ←
→ forecasting across time series databases using long short - term memory networks on groups of similar series ; with the advent of big data , nowadays in many applications databases containing large quantities of similar time series are available . forecasting time series in these domains with traditional univariate forecasting procedures leaves great potentials for producing accurate forecasts untapped . recurrent neural networks , and in particular long short - term memory ( lstm ) networks have proven recently th ←
→ structured hough voting for vision - based highway border detection ; we propose a vision - based highway border detection algorithm using structured hough voting . our approach takes advantage of the geometric relationship between highway road borders and highway lane markings . it uses a strategy where a number of trained road border and lane marking detectors are triggered , followed by hough voting to generate corresponding detection of the border and lane marking . since the initially triggered detectors usual ←
→ on sparse variational methods and the kullback - leibler divergence between stochastic processes ; the variational framework for learning inducing variables ( titsias , 2009a ) has had a large impact on the gaussian process literature . the framework may be interpreted as minimizing a rigorously defined kullback - leibler divergence between the approximating and posterior processes . to our knowledge this connection has thus far gone unremarked in the literature . in this paper we give a substantial generalization ←
→ multiple images recovery using a single affine transformation ; in many real - world applications , image data often come with noises , corruptions or large errors . one approach to deal with noise image data is to use data recovery techniques which aim to recover the true uncorrupted signals from the observed noise images . in this paper , we first introduce a novel corruption recovery transformation ( crt ) model which aims to recover multiple ( or a collection of ) corrupted images using a single affine transformat ←
→ evolution of the most common english words and phrases over the centuries ; by determining which were the most common english words and phrases since the beginning of the 16th century , we obtain a unique large - scale view of the evolution of written text . we find that the most common words and phrases in any given year had a much shorter popularity lifespan in the 16th than they had in the 20th century . by measuring how their usage propagated across the years , we show that for the past two centuries the pr ←
→ a comparative analysis of classification data mining techniques : deriving key factors useful for predicting students performance ; students opting for engineering as their discipline is increasing rapidly . but due to various factors and inappropriate primary education in india , failure rates are high . students are unable to excel in core engineering because of complex and mathematical subjects . hence , they fail in such subjects . with the help of data mining techniques , we can predict the performance of s ←
→ automated scalable bayesian inference via hilbert coresets ; the automation of posterior inference in bayesian data analysis has enabled experts and nonexperts alike to use more sophisticated models , engage in faster exploratory modeling and analysis , and ensure experimental reproducibility . however , standard automated posterior inference algorithms are not tractable at the scale of massive modern datasets , and modifications to make them so are typically model - specific , require expert tuning , and can break ←
→ towards multimodal content representation ; multimodal interfaces , combining the use of speech , graphics , gestures , and facial expressions in input and output , promise to provide new possibilities to deal with information in more effective and efficient ways , supporting for instance : - the understanding of possibly imprecise , partial or ambiguous multimodal input ; - the generation of coordinated , cohesive , and coherent multimodal presentations ; - the management of multimodal interaction ( e . g ., task completi ←
→ subspace learning with partial information ; the goal of subspace learning is to find a $ k $- dimensional subspace of $\ mathbb { r }^ d $, such that the expected squared distance between instance vectors and the subspace is as small as possible . in this paper we study subspace learning in a partial information setting , in which the learner can only observe $ r \ le d $ attributes from each instance vector . we propose several efficient algorithms for this task , and analyze their sample complexity ←
→ poisson matrix recovery and completion ; we extend the theory of low - rank matrix recovery and completion to the case when poisson observations for a linear combination or a subset of the entries of a matrix are available , which arises in various applications with count data . we consider the usual matrix recovery formulation through maximum likelihood with proper constraints on the matrix $ m $ of size $ d_1 $- by -$ d_2 $, and establish theoretical upper and lower bounds on the recovery error . our bounds for matrix ←
→ a new model for cerebellar computation ; the standard state space model is widely believed to account for the cerebellar computation in motor adaptation tasks [ 1 ]. here we show that several recent experiments [ 2 - 4 ] where the visual feedback is irrelevant to the motor response challenge the standard model . furthermore , we propose a new model that accounts for the the results presented in [ 2 - 4 ]. according to this new model , learning and forgetting are coupled and are error size dependent . we also show that un ←
→ parameterized neural network language models for information retrieval ; information retrieval ( ir ) models need to deal with two difficult issues , vocabulary mismatch and term dependencies . vocabulary mismatch corresponds to the difficulty of retrieving relevant documents that do not contain exact query terms but semantically related terms . term dependencies refers to the need of considering the relationship between the words of the query when estimating the relevance of a document . a multitude of solutions ←
→ synergistic team composition ; effective teams are crucial for organisations , especially in environments that require teams to be constantly created and dismantled , such as software development , scientific experiments , crowd - sourcing , or the classroom . key factors influencing team performance are competences and personality of team members . hence , we present a computational model to compose proficient and congenial teams based on individuals ' personalities and their competences to perform tasks of different ←
→ imparo is complete by inverse subsumption ; in inverse subsumption for complete explanatory induction yamamoto et al . investigate which inductive logic programming systems can learn a correct hypothesis $ h $ by using the inverse subsumption instead of inverse entailment . we prove that inductive logic programming system imparo is complete by inverse subsumption for learning a correct definite hypothesis $ h $ wrt the definite background theory $ b $ and ground atomic examples $ e $, by establishing that there exist ←
→ novel view synthesis for large - scale scene using adversarial loss ; novel view synthesis aims to synthesize new images from different viewpoints of given images . most of previous works focus on generating novel views of certain objects with a fixed background . however , for some applications , such as virtual reality or robotic manipulations , large changes in background may occur due to the egomotion of the camera . generated images of a large - scale environment from novel views may be distorted if the structur ←
→ factoring shape , pose , and layout from the 2d image of a 3d scene ; the goal of this paper is to take a single 2d image of a scene and recover the 3d structure in terms of a small set of factors : a layout representing the enclosing surfaces as well as a set of objects represented in terms of shape and pose . we propose a convolutional neural network - based approach to predict this representation and benchmark it on a large dataset of indoor scenes . our experiments evaluate a number of practical design questio ←
→ automated coin recognition system using ann ; coins are integral part of our day to day life . we use coins everywhere like grocery store , banks , buses , trains etc . so it becomes a basic need that coins can be sorted and counted automatically . for this it is necessary that coins can be recognized automatically . in this paper we have developed an ann ( artificial neural network ) based automated coin recognition system for the recognition of indian coins of denomination rs . 1 , 2 , 5 and 10 with rotation invarian ←
→ voted kernel regularization ; this paper presents an algorithm , voted kernel regularization , that provides the flexibility of using potentially very complex kernel functions such as predictors based on much higher - degree polynomial kernels , while benefitting from strong learning guarantees . the success of our algorithm arises from derived bounds that suggest a new regularization penalty in terms of the rademacher complexities of the corresponding families of kernel maps . in a series of experiments we demon ←
→ face - from - depth for head pose estimation on depth images ; depth cameras allow to setup reliable solutions for people monitoring and behavior understanding , specially when unstable or poor illumination conditions make unusable common rgb sensors . therefore , we propose a complete framework for the estimation of the head and shoulder pose based on depth images only . a head detection and localization module is also included , in order to develop a complete end - to - end system . the core element of the framework is ←
→ sequence to sequence learning for event prediction ; this paper presents an approach to the task of predicting an event description from a preceding sentence in a text . our approach explores sequence - to - sequence learning using a bidirectional multi - layer recurrent neural network . our approach substantially outperforms previous work in terms of the bleu score on two datasets derived from wikihow and descript respectively . since the bleu score is not easy to interpret as a measure of event prediction , we comp ←
→ brain tumor segmentation with deep neural networks ; in this paper , we present a fully automatic brain tumor segmentation method based on deep neural networks ( dnns ). the proposed networks are tailored to glioblastomas ( both low and high grade ) pictured in mr images . by their very nature , these tumors can appear anywhere in the brain and have almost any kind of shape , size , and contrast . these reasons motivate our exploration of a machine learning solution that exploits a flexible , high capacity dnn while b ←
→ logical inference algorithms and matrix representations for probabilistic conditional independence ; logical inference algorithms for conditional independence ( ci ) statements have important applications from testing consistency during knowledge elicitation to constraintbased structure learning of graphical models . we prove that the implication problem for ci statements is decidable , given that the size of the domains of the random variables is known and fixed . we will present an approximate logical infere ←
→ reinforced video captioning with entailment rewards ; sequence - to - sequence models have shown promising improvements on the temporal task of video captioning , but they optimize word - level cross - entropy loss during training . first , using policy gradient and mixed - loss methods for reinforcement learning , we directly optimize sentence - level task - based metrics ( as rewards ), achieving significant improvements over the baseline , based on both automatic metrics and human evaluation on multiple datasets . next , we pr ←
→ bounding and counting linear regions of deep neural networks ; in this paper , we study the representational power of deep neural networks ( dnn ) that belong to the family of piecewise - linear ( pwl ) functions , based on pwl activation units such as rectifier or maxout . we investigate the complexity of such networks by studying the number of linear regions of the pwl function . typically , a pwl function from a dnn can be seen as a large family of linear functions acting on millions of such regions . we directly bu ←
→ knowledge management for enterprises ( wissensmanagement fuer unternehmen ) ; although knowledge is one of the most valuable resource of enterprises and an important production and competition factor , this intellectual potential is often used ( or maintained ) only inadequate by the enterprises . therefore , in a globalised and growing market the optimal usage of existing knowledge represents a key factor for enterprises of the future . here , knowledge management systems should engage facilitating . because geogr ←
→ learning representations by stochastic meta - gradient descent in neural networks ; representations are fundamental to artificial intelligence . the performance of a learning system depends on the type of representation used for representing the data . typically , these representations are hand - engineered using domain knowledge . more recently , the trend is to learn these representations through stochastic gradient descent in multi - layer neural networks , which is called backprop . learning the representations di ←
→ asymptotic confidence sets for general nonparametric regression and classification by regularized kernel methods ; regularized kernel methods such as , e . g ., support vector machines and least - squares support vector regression constitute an important class of standard learning algorithms in machine learning . theoretical investigations concerning asymptotic properties have manly focused on rates of convergence during the last years but there are only very few and limited ( asymptotic ) results on statistical i ←
→ a pitfall of unsupervised pre - training ; the point of this paper is to question typical assumptions in deep learning and suggest alternatives . a particular contribution is to prove that even if a stacked convolutional auto - encoder is good at reconstructing pictures , it is not necessarily good at discriminating their classes . when using auto - encoders , intuitively one assumes that features which are good for reconstruction will also lead to high classification accuracy . indeed , it became research practice and ←
→ frequency patterns of semantic change : corpus - based evidence of a near - critical dynamics in language change ; it is generally believed that , when a linguistic item acquires a new meaning , its overall frequency of use in the language rises with time with an s - shaped growth curve . yet , this claim has only been supported by a limited number of case studies . in this paper , we provide the first corpus - based quantitative confirmation of the genericity of the s - curve in language change . moreover , we uncover anot ←
→ spike and slab gaussian process latent variable models ; the gaussian process latent variable model ( gp - lvm ) is a popular approach to non - linear probabilistic dimensionality reduction . one design choice for the model is the number of latent variables . we present a spike and slab prior for the gp - lvm and propose an efficient variational inference procedure that gives a lower bound of the log marginal likelihood . the new model provides a more principled approach for selecting latent dimensions than the standa ←
→ towards the quantification of the semantic information encoded in written language ; written language is a complex communication signal capable of conveying information encoded in the form of ordered sequences of words . beyond the local order ruled by grammar , semantic and thematic structures affect long - range patterns in word usage . here , we show that a direct application of information theory quantifies the relationship between the statistical distribution of words and the semantic content of the text . ←
→ a category space approach to supervised dimensionality reduction ; supervised dimensionality reduction has emerged as an important theme in the last decade . despite the plethora of models and formulations , there is a lack of a simple model which aims to project the set of patterns into a space defined by the classes ( or categories ). to this end , we set up a model in which each class is represented as a 1d subspace of the vector space formed by the features . assuming the set of classes does not exceed the ca ←
→ natural language comprehension with the epireader ; we present the epireader , a novel model for machine comprehension of text . machine comprehension of unstructured , real - world text is a major research goal for natural language processing . current tests of machine comprehension pose questions whose answers can be inferred from some supporting text , and evaluate a model ' s response to the questions . the epireader is an end - to - end neural model comprising two components : the first component proposes a small set ←
→ a neural prototype for a virtual chemical spectrophotometer ; a virtual chemical spectrophotometer for the simultaneous analysis of nickel ( ni ) and cobalt ( co ) was developed based on an artificial neural network ( ann ). the developed ann correlates the respective concentrations of co and ni given the absorbance profile of a co - ni mixture based on the beer ' s law . the virtual chemical spectrometer was trained using a 3 - layer jump connection neural network model ( nnm ) with 126 input nodes corresponding to the 1 ←
→ an adaptive strategy for active learning with smooth decision boundary ; we present the first adaptive strategy for active learning in the setting of classification with smooth decision boundary . the problem of adaptivity ( to unknown distributional parameters ) has remained opened since the seminal work of castro and nowak ( 2007 ), which first established ( active learning ) rates for this setting . while some recent advances on this problem establish adaptive rates in the case of univariate data , adaptivity in ←
→ cross - domain object matching with model selection ; the goal of cross - domain object matching ( cdom ) is to find correspondence between two sets of objects in different domains in an unsupervised way . photo album summarization is a typical application of cdom , where photos are automatically aligned into a designed frame expressed in the cartesian coordinate system . cdom is usually formulated as finding a mapping from objects in one domain ( photos ) to objects in the other domain ( frame ) so that the pairwise de ←
→ combining voting rules together ; we propose a simple method for combining together voting rules that performs a run - off between the different winners of each voting rule . we prove that this combinator has several good properties . for instance , even if just one of the base voting rules has a desirable property like condorcet consistency , the combination inherits this property . in addition , we prove that combining voting rules together in this way can make finding a manipulation more computationally difficul ←
→ learning probabilistic programs ; we develop a technique for generalising from data in which models are samplers represented as program text . we establish encouraging empirical results that suggest that markov chain monte carlo probabilistic programming inference techniques coupled with higher - order probabilistic programming languages are now sufficiently powerful to enable successful inference of this kind in nontrivial domains . we also introduce a new notion of probabilistic program compilation and show h ←
→ finite element based tracking of deforming surfaces ; we present an approach to robustly track the geometry of an object that deforms over time from a set of input point clouds captured from a single viewpoint . the deformations we consider are caused by applying forces to known locations on the object ' s surface . our method combines the use of prior information on the geometry of the object modeled by a smooth template and the use of a linear finite element method to predict the deformation . this allows the ←
→ deep diagnostics : applying convolutional neural networks for vessels defects detection ; coronary angiography is considered to be a safe tool for the evaluation of coronary artery disease and perform in approximately 12 million patients each year worldwide . [ 1 ] in most cases , angiograms are manually analyzed by a cardiologist . actually , there are no clinical practice algorithms which could improve and automate this work . neural networks show high efficiency in tasks of image analysis and they can be used ←
→ unsupervised feature learning with c - svddnet ; in this paper , we investigate the problem of learning feature representation from unlabeled data using a single - layer k - means network . a k - means network maps the input data into a feature representation by finding the nearest centroid for each input point , which has attracted researchers ' great attention recently due to its simplicity , effectiveness , and scalability . however , one drawback of this feature mapping is that it tends to be unreliable when the traini ←
→ towards open world recognition ; with the of advent rich classification models and high computational power visual recognition systems have found many operational applications . recognition in the real world poses multiple challenges that are not apparent in controlled lab environments . the datasets are dynamic and novel categories must be continuously detected and then added . at prediction time , a trained system has to deal with myriad unseen categories . operational systems require minimum down time , even t ←
→ rigid slice - to - volume medical image registration through markov random fields ; rigid slice - to - volume registration is a challenging task , which finds application in medical imaging problems like image fusion for image guided surgeries and motion correction for volume reconstruction . it is usually formulated as an optimization problem and solved using standard continuous methods . in this paper , we discuss how this task be formulated as a discrete labeling problem on a graph . inspired by previous works on d ←
→ a policy search method for temporal logic specified reinforcement learning tasks ; reward engineering is an important aspect of reinforcement learning . whether or not the user ' s intentions can be correctly encapsulated in the reward function can significantly impact the learning outcome . current methods rely on manually crafted reward functions that often require parameter tuning to obtain the desired behavior . this operation can be expensive when exploration requires systems to interact with the physical ←
→ measuring the complexity of ultra - large - scale adaptive systems ; ultra - large scale ( uls ) systems are becoming pervasive . they are inherently complex , which makes their design and control a challenge for traditional methods . here we propose the design and analysis of uls systems using measures of complexity , emergence , self - organization , and homeostasis based on information theory . these measures allow the evaluation of uls systems and thus can be used to guide their design . we evaluate the proposal with a u ←
→ machine theory of mind ; theory of mind ( tom ; premack & woodruff , 1978 ) broadly refers to humans ' ability to represent the mental states of others , including their desires , beliefs , and intentions . we propose to train a machine to build such models too . we design a theory of mind neural network -- a tomnet -- which uses meta - learning to build models of the agents it encounters , from observations of their behaviour alone . through this process , it acquires a strong prior model for agents ' behaviour , as well a ←
→ an immune system inspired approach to automated program verification ; an immune system inspired artificial immune system ( ais ) algorithm is presented , and is used for the purposes of automated program verification . relevant immunological concepts are discussed and the field of ais is briefly reviewed . it is proposed to use this ais algorithm for a specific automated program verification task : that of predicting shape of program invariants . it is shown that the algorithm correctly predicts program invariant ←
→ enhancing evolutionary optimization in uncertain environments by allocating evaluations via multi - armed bandit algorithms ; optimization problems with uncertain fitness functions are common in the real world , and present unique challenges for evolutionary optimization approaches . existing issues include excessively expensive evaluation , lack of solution reliability , and incapability in maintaining high overall fitness during optimization . using conversion rate optimization as an example , this paper propos ←
→ predicting the nfl using twitter ; we study the relationship between social media output and national football league ( nfl ) games , using a dataset containing messages from twitter and nfl game statistics . specifically , we consider tweets pertaining to specific teams and games in the nfl season and use them alongside statistical game data to build predictive models for future game outcomes ( which team will win ?) and sports betting outcomes ( which team will win with the point spread ? will the total points be ←
→ a visual representation for editing face images ; we propose a new approach for editing face images , which enables numerous exciting applications including face relighting , makeup transfer and face detail editing . our face edits are based on a visual representation , which includes geometry , face segmentation , albedo , illumination and detail map . to recover our visual representation , we start by estimating geometry using a morphable face model , then decompose the face image to recover the albedo , and then sh ←
→ quantum neuron : an elementary building block for machine learning on quantum computers ; even the most sophisticated artificial neural networks are built by aggregating substantially identical units called neurons . a neuron receives multiple signals , internally combines them , and applies a non - linear function to the resulting weighted sum . several attempts to generalize neurons to the quantum regime have been proposed , but all proposals collided with the difficulty of implementing non - linear activation fu ←
→ an automated system for essay scoring of online exams in arabic based on stemming techniques and levenshtein edit operations ; in this article , an automated system is proposed for essay scoring in arabic language for online exams based on stemming techniques and levenshtein edit operations . an online exam has been developed on the proposed mechanisms , exploiting the capabilities of light and heavy stemming . the implemented online grading system has shown to be an efficient tool for automated scoring of es ←
→ an asynchronous distributed framework for large - scale learning based on parameter exchanges ; in many distributed learning problems , the heterogeneous loading of computing machines may harm the overall performance of synchronous strategies . in this paper , we propose an effective asynchronous distributed framework for the minimization of a sum of smooth functions , where each machine performs iterations in parallel on its local function and updates a shared parameter asynchronously . in this way , all machine ←
→ learning graphical models from the glauber dynamics ; in this paper we consider the problem of learning undirected graphical models from data generated according to the glauber dynamics . the glauber dynamics is a markov chain that sequentially updates individual nodes ( variables ) in a graphical model and it is frequently used to sample from the stationary distribution ( to which it converges given sufficient time ). additionally , the glauber dynamics is a natural dynamical model in a variety of settings . this ←
→ segmentation , indexing , and visualization of extended instructional videos ; we present a new method for segmenting , and a new user interface for indexing and visualizing , the semantic content of extended instructional videos . given a series of key frames from the video , we generate a condensed view of the data by clustering frames according to media type and visual similarities . using various visual filters , key frames are first assigned a media type ( board , class , computer , illustration , podium , and she ←
→ quickedit : editing text & translations via simple delete actions ; we propose a framework for computer - assisted text editing . it applies to translation post - editing and to paraphrasing and relies on very simple interactions : a human editor modifies a sentence by marking tokens they would like the system to change . our model then generates a new sentence which reformulates the initial sentence by avoiding the words from the marked tokens . our approach builds upon neural sequence - to - sequence modeling and intr ←
→ dual - to - kernel learning with ideals ; in this paper , we propose a theory which unifies kernel learning and symbolic algebraic methods . we show that both worlds are inherently dual to each other , and we use this duality to combine the structure - awareness of algebraic methods with the efficiency and generality of kernels . the main idea lies in relating polynomial rings to feature space , and ideals to manifolds , then exploiting this generative - discriminative duality on kernel matrices . we illustrate this by pr ←
→ a corpus of deep argumentative structures as an explanation to argumentative relations ; in this paper , we compose a new task for deep argumentative structure analysis that goes beyond shallow discourse structure analysis . the idea is that argumentative relations can reasonably be represented with a small set of predefined patterns . for example , using value judgment and bipolar causality , we can explain a support relation between two argumentative segments as follows : segment 1 states that something is go ←
→ face retrieval using frequency decoded local descriptor ; the local descriptors have been the backbone of most of the computer vision problems . most of the existing local descriptors are generated over the raw input images . in order to increase the discriminative power of the local descriptors , some researchers converted the raw image into multiple images with the help some high and low pass frequency filters , then the local descriptors are computed over each filtered image and finally concatenated into a s ←
→ logical limitations to machine ethics with consequences to lethal autonomous weapons ; lethal autonomous weapons promise to revolutionize warfare -- and raise a multitude of ethical and legal questions . it has thus been suggested to program values and principles of conduct ( such as the geneva conventions ) into the machines ' control , thereby rendering them both physically and morally superior to human combatants . we employ mathematical logic and theoretical computer science to explore fundamental limitat ←
→ axioms for graph clustering quality functions ; we investigate properties that intuitively ought to be satisfied by graph clustering quality functions , that is , functions that assign a score to a clustering of a graph . graph clustering , also known as network community detection , is often performed by optimizing such a function . two axioms tailored for graph clustering quality functions are introduced , and the four axioms introduced in previous work on distance based clustering are reformulated and generaliz ←
→ the do - calculus revisited ; the do - calculus was developed in 1995 to facilitate the identification of causal effects in non - parametric models . the completeness proofs of [ huang and valtorta , 2006 ] and [ shpitser and pearl , 2006 ] and the graphical criteria of [ tian and shpitser , 2010 ] have laid this identification problem to rest . recent explorations unveil the usefulness of the do - calculus in three additional areas : mediation analysis [ pearl , 2012 ], transportability [ pearl and bareinboim , 2011 ] and metasynth ←
→ a general algorithm for deciding transportability of experimental results ; generalizing empirical findings to new environments , settings , or populations is essential in most scientific explorations . this article treats a particular problem of generalizability , called " transportability ", defined as a license to transfer information learned in experimental studies to a different population , on which only observational studies can be conducted . given a set of assumptions concerning commonalities and differe ←
→ matching 2 - d ellipses to 3 - d circles with application to vehicle pose estimation ; finding the three - dimensional representation of all or a part of a scene from a single two dimensional image is a challenging task . in this paper we propose a method for identifying the pose and location of objects with circular protrusions in three dimensions from a single image and a 3d representation or model of the object of interest . to do this , we present a method for identifying ellipses and their properties quickly ←
→ stnet : selective tuning of convolutional networks for object localization ; visual attention modeling has recently gained momentum in developing visual hierarchies provided by convolutional neural networks . despite recent successes of feedforward processing on the abstraction of concepts form raw images , the inherent nature of feedback processing has remained computationally controversial . inspired by the computational models of covert visual attention , we propose the selective tuning of convolutional net ←
→ a deep structured model with radius - margin bound for 3d human activity recognition ; understanding human activity is very challenging even with the recently developed 3d / depth sensors . to solve this problem , this work investigates a novel deep structured model , which adaptively decomposes an activity instance into temporal parts using the convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). our model advances the traditional deep learning approaches in two aspects . first , { we incorporate latent temporal structure into ←
→ multivariate bayesian structural time series model ; this paper deals with inference and prediction for multiple correlated time series , where one has also the choice of using a candidate pool of contemporaneous predictors for each target series . starting with a structural model for the time - series , bayesian tools are used for model fitting , prediction , and feature selection , thus extending some recent work along these lines for the univariate case . the bayesian paradigm in this multivariate setting helps t ←
→ sparse bayesian unsupervised learning ; this paper is about variable selection , clustering and estimation in an unsupervised high - dimensional setting . our approach is based on fitting constrained gaussian mixture models , where we learn the number of clusters $ k $ and the set of relevant variables $ s $ using a generalized bayesian posterior with a sparsity inducing prior . we prove a sparsity oracle inequality which shows that this procedure selects the optimal parameters $ k $ and $ s $. this procedure is implemen ←
→ a gesture recognition system for detecting behavioral patterns of adhd ; we present an application of gesture recognition using an extension of dynamic time warping ( dtw ) to recognize behavioural patterns of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( adhd ). we propose an extension of dtw using one - class classifiers in order to be able to encode the variability of a gesture category , and thus , perform an alignment between a gesture sample and a gesture class . we model the set of gesture samples of a certain g ←
→ terahertz security image quality assessment by no - reference model observers ; to provide the possibility of developing objective image quality assessment ( iqa ) algorithms for thz security images , we constructed the thz security image database ( thsid ) including a total of 181 thz security images with the resolution of 127 * 380 . the main distortion types in thz security images were first analyzed for the design of subjective evaluation criteria to acquire the mean opinion scores . subsequently , the existing n ←
→ a network approach to topic models ; one of the main computational and scientific challenges in the modern age is to extract useful information from unstructured texts . topic models are one popular machine - learning approach which infers the latent topical structure of a collection of documents . despite their success --- in particular of its most widely used variant called latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) --- and numerous applications in sociology , history , and linguistics , topic models are known to suffer ←
→ deep learning approximation for stochastic control problems ; many real world stochastic control problems suffer from the " curse of dimensionality ". to overcome this difficulty , we develop a deep learning approach that directly solves high - dimensional stochastic control problems based on monte - carlo sampling . we approximate the time - dependent controls as feedforward neural networks and stack these networks together through model dynamics . the objective function for the control problem plays the role of the ←
→ learning to recognize touch gestures : recurrent vs . convolutional features and dynamic sampling ; we propose a fully automatic method for learning gestures on big touch devices in a potentially multi - user context . the goal is to learn general models capable of adapting to different gestures , user styles and hardware variations ( e . g . device sizes , sampling frequencies and regularities ). based on deep neural networks , our method features a novel dynamic sampling and temporal normalization component , trans ←
→ using local alignments for relation recognition ; this paper discusses the problem of marrying structural similarity with semantic relatedness for information extraction from text . aiming at accurate recognition of relations , we introduce local alignment kernels and explore various possibilities of using them for this task . we give a definition of a local alignment ( la ) kernel based on the smith - waterman score as a sequence similarity measure and proceed with a range of possibilities for computing similarit ←
→ segmental spatiotemporal cnns for fine - grained action segmentation ; joint segmentation and classification of fine - grained actions is important for applications of human - robot interaction , video surveillance , and human skill evaluation . however , despite substantial recent progress in large - scale action classification , the performance of state - of - the - art fine - grained action recognition approaches remains low . we propose a model for action segmentation which combines low - level spatiotemporal features with a h ←
→ multi - modal face pose estimation with multi - task manifold deep learning ; human face pose estimation aims at estimating the gazing direction or head postures with 2d images . it gives some very important information such as communicative gestures , saliency detection and so on , which attracts plenty of attention recently . however , it is challenging because of complex background , various orientations and face appearance visibility . therefore , a descriptive representation of face images and mapping it to poses ←
→ airway segmentation from 3d chest ct volumes based on volume of interest using gradient vector flow ; some lung diseases are related to bronchial airway structures and morphology . although airway segmentation from chest ct volumes is an important task in the computer - aided diagnosis and surgery assistance systems for the chest , complete 3 - d airway structure segmentation is a quite challenging task due to its complex tree - like structure . in this paper , we propose a new airway segmentation method from 3d ch ←
→ nesterov ' s accelerated gradient and momentum as approximations to regularised update descent ; we present a unifying framework for adapting the update direction in gradient - based iterative optimization methods . as natural special cases we re - derive classical momentum and nesterov ' s accelerated gradient method , lending a new intuitive interpretation to the latter algorithm . we show that a new algorithm , which we term regularised gradient descent , can converge more quickly than either nesterov ' s algorithm o ←
→ a feature subset selection algorithm automatic recommendation method ; many feature subset selection ( fss ) algorithms have been proposed , but not all of them are appropriate for a given feature selection problem . at the same time , so far there is rarely a good way to choose appropriate fss algorithms for the problem at hand . thus , fss algorithm automatic recommendation is very important and practically useful . in this paper , a meta learning based fss algorithm automatic recommendation method is presented . t ←
→ an adaptive block based integrated ldp , glcm , and morphological features for face recognition ; this paper proposes a technique for automatic face recognition using integrated multiple feature sets extracted from the significant blocks of a gradient image . we discuss about the use of novel morphological , local directional pattern ( ldp ) and gray - level co - occurrence matrix glcm based feature extraction technique to recognize human faces . firstly , the new morphological features i . e ., features based on number o ←
→ a smoothing stochastic gradient method for composite optimization ; we consider the unconstrained optimization problem whose objective function is composed of a smooth and a non - smooth conponents where the smooth component is the expectation a random function . this type of problem arises in some interesting applications in machine learning . we propose a stochastic gradient descent algorithm for this class of optimization problem . when the non - smooth component has a particular structure , we propose another s ←
→ discontinuous piecewise polynomial neural networks ; an artificial neural network is presented based on the idea of connections between units that are only active for a specific range of input values and zero outside that range ( and so are not evaluated outside the active range ). the connection function is represented by a polynomial with compact support . the finite range of activation allows for great activation sparsity in the network and means that theoretically you are able to add computational power to ←
→ a bayesian framework for sparse representation - based 3d human pose estimation ; a bayesian framework for 3d human pose estimation from monocular images based on sparse representation ( sr ) is introduced . our probabilistic approach aims at simultaneously learning two overcomplete dictionaries ( one for the visual input space and the other for the pose space ) with a shared sparse representation . existing sr - based pose estimation approaches only offer a point estimation of the dictionary and the sparse codes . ←
→ simulation assisted machine learning ; predicting how a proposed cancer treatment will affect a given tumor can be cast as a machine learning problem , but the complexity of biological systems , the number of potentially relevant genomic and clinical features , and the lack of very large scale patient data repositories make this a unique challenge . " pure data " approaches to this problem are underpowered to detect combinatorially complex interactions and are bound to uncover false correlations despite statistic ←
→ using rdf to model the structure and process of systems ; many systems can be described in terms of networks of discrete elements and their various relationships to one another . a semantic network , or multi - relational network , is a directed labeled graph consisting of a heterogeneous set of entities connected by a heterogeneous set of relationships . semantic networks serve as a promising general - purpose modeling substrate for complex systems . various standardized formats and tools are now available to suppo ←
→ entailment relations on distributions ; in this paper we give an overview of partial orders on the space of probability distributions that carry a notion of information content and serve as a generalisation of the bayesian order given in ( coecke and martin , 2011 ). we investigate what constraints are necessary in order to get a unique notion of information content . these partial orders can be used to give an ordering on words in vector space models of natural language meaning relating to the contexts in whic ←
→ first - spike based visual categorization using reward - modulated stdp ; reinforcement learning ( rl ) has recently regained popularity , with major achievements such as beating the european game of go champion . here , for the first time , we show that rl can be used efficiently to train a spiking neural network ( snn ) to perform object recognition in natural images without using an external classifier . we used a feedforward convolutional snn and a temporal coding scheme where the most strongly activated neurons fir ←
→ line - circle : a geometric filter for single camera edge - based object detection ; this paper presents a state - of - the - art approach in object detection for being applied in future slam problems . although , many slam methods are proposed to create suitable autonomy for mobile robots namely ground vehicles , they still face overconfidence and large computations during entrance to immense spaces with many landmarks . in particular , they suffer from impractical applications via sole reliance on the limited sensors l ←
→ image data compression for covariance and histogram descriptors ; covariance and histogram image descriptors provide an effective way to capture information about images . both excel when used in combination with special purpose distance metrics . for covariance descriptors these metrics measure the distance along the non - euclidean riemannian manifold of symmetric positive definite matrices . for histogram descriptors the earth mover ' s distance measures the optimal transport between two histograms . although mo ←
→ neural response generation with dynamic vocabularies ; we study response generation for open domain conversation in chatbots . existing methods assume that words in responses are generated from an identical vocabulary regardless of their inputs , which not only makes them vulnerable to generic patterns and irrelevant noise , but also causes a high cost in decoding . we propose a dynamic vocabulary sequence - to - sequence ( dvs2s ) model which allows each input to possess their own vocabulary in decoding . in training ←
→ a primal - dual convergence analysis of boosting ; boosting combines weak learners into a predictor with low empirical risk . its dual constructs a high entropy distribution upon which weak learners and training labels are uncorrelated . this manuscript studies this primal - dual relationship under a broad family of losses , including the exponential loss of adaboost and the logistic loss , revealing : - weak learnability aids the whole loss family : for any {\ epsilon }> 0 , o ( ln ( 1 /{\ epsilon })) iterations suffice to p ←
→ using interval particle filtering for marker less 3d human motion capture ; in this paper we present a new approach for marker less human motion capture from conventional camera feeds . the aim of our study is to recover 3d positions of key points of the body that can serve for gait analysis . our approach is based on foreground segmentation , an articulated body model and particle filters . in order to be generic and simple no restrictive dynamic modelling was used . a new modified particle filtering algorith ←
→ fastfm : a library for factorization machines ; factorization machines ( fm ) are only used in a narrow range of applications and are not part of the standard toolbox of machine learning models . this is a pity , because even though fms are recognized as being very successful for recommender system type applications they are a general model to deal with sparse and high dimensional features . our factorization machine implementation provides easy access to many solvers and supports regression , classification and r ←
→ sequence summarization using order - constrained kernelized feature subspaces ; representations that can compactly and effectively capture temporal evolution of semantic content are important to machine learning algorithms that operate on multi - variate time - series data . we investigate such representations motivated by the task of human action recognition . here each data instance is encoded by a multivariate feature ( such as via a deep cnn ) where action dynamics are characterized by their variations in time .←
→ a general framework for the it - based clustering methods ; previously , we proposed a physically inspired rule to organize the data points in a sparse yet effective structure , called the in - tree ( it ) graph , which is able to capture a wide class of underlying cluster structures in the datasets , especially for the density - based datasets . although there are some redundant edges or lines between clusters requiring to be removed by computer , this it graph has a big advantage compared with the k - nearest - neighborhoo ←
→ attention - based memory selection recurrent network for language modeling ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) have achieved great success in language modeling . however , since the rnns have fixed size of memory , their memory cannot store all the information about the words it have seen before in the sentence , and thus the useful long - term information may be ignored when predicting the next words . in this paper , we propose attention - based memory selection recurrent network ( amsrn ), in which the model can review ←
→ a probability distribution strategy with efficient clause selection for hard max - sat formulas ; many real - world problems involving constraints can be regarded as instances of the max - sat problem , which is the optimization variant of the classic satisfiability problem . in this paper , we propose a novel probabilistic approach for max - sat called proms . our algorithm relies on a stochastic local search strategy using a novel probability distribution function with two strategies for picking variables , one base ←
→ iterated revision and the axiom of recovery : a unified treatment via epistemic states ; the axiom of recovery , while capturing a central intuition regarding belief change , has been the source of much controversy . we argue briefly against putative counterexamples to the axiom -- while agreeing that some of their insight deserves to be preserved -- and present additional recovery - like axioms in a framework that uses epistemic states , which encode preferences , as the object of revisions . this provides a framewor ←
→ heuristics for planning , plan recognition and parsing ; in a recent paper , we have shown that plan recognition over strips can be formulated and solved using classical planning heuristics and algorithms . in this work , we show that this formulation subsumes the standard formulation of plan recognition over libraries through a compilation of libraries into strips theories . the libraries correspond to and / or graphs that may be cyclic and where children of and nodes may be partially ordered . these libraries inc ←
→ classifying tweet level judgements of rumours in social media ; social media is a rich source of rumours and corresponding community reactions . rumours reflect different characteristics , some shared and some individual . we formulate the problem of classifying tweet level judgements of rumours as a supervised learning task . both supervised and unsupervised domain adaptation are considered , in which tweets from a rumour are classified on the basis of other annotated rumours . we demonstrate how multi - task lear ←
→ approximating the partition function by deleting and then correcting for model edges ; we propose an approach for approximating the partition function which is based on two steps : ( 1 ) computing the partition function of a simplified model which is obtained by deleting model edges , and ( 2 ) rectifying the result by applying an edge - by - edge correction . the approach leads to an intuitive framework in which one can trade - off the quality of an approximation with the complexity of computing it . it also includes ←
→ estimating the success of unsupervised image to image translation ; while in supervised learning , the validation error is an unbiased estimator of the generalization ( test ) error and complexity - based generalization bounds are abundant , no such bounds exist for learning a mapping in an unsupervised way . as a result , when training gans and specifically when using gans for learning to map between domains in a completely unsupervised way , one is forced to select the hyperparameters and the stopping epoch by sub ←
→ skin lesion classification using hybrid deep neural networks ; skin cancer is one of the major types of cancers and its incidence has been increasing over the past decades . skin lesions can arise from various dermatologic disorders and can be classified to various types according to their texture , structure , color and other morphological features . the accuracy of diagnosis of skin lesions , specifically the discrimination of benign and malignant lesions , is paramount to ensure appropriate patient treatment . ←
→ quantitative concept analysis ; formal concept analysis ( fca ) begins from a context , given as a binary relation between some objects and some attributes , and derives a lattice of concepts , where each concept is given as a set of objects and a set of attributes , such that the first set consists of all objects that satisfy all attributes in the second , and vice versa . many applications , though , provide contexts with quantitative information , telling not just whether an object satisfies an attribute , but also ←
→ safe policy search for lifelong reinforcement learning with sublinear regret ; lifelong reinforcement learning provides a promising framework for developing versatile agents that can accumulate knowledge over a lifetime of experience and rapidly learn new tasks by building upon prior knowledge . however , current lifelong learning methods exhibit non - vanishing regret as the amount of experience increases and include limitations that can lead to suboptimal or unsafe control policies . to address these issues ,←
→ siamese neural networks with random forest for detecting duplicate question pairs ; determining whether two given questions are semantically similar is a fairly challenging task given the different structures and forms that the questions can take . in this paper , we use gated recurrent units ( gru ) in combination with other highly used machine learning algorithms like random forest , adaboost and svm for the similarity prediction task on a dataset released by quora , consisting of about 400k labeled question p ←
→ optimizing component combination in a multi - indexing paragraph retrieval system ; we demonstrate a method to optimize the combination of distinct components in a paragraph retrieval system . our system makes use of several indices , query generators and filters , each of them potentially contributing to the quality of the returned list of results . the components are combined with a weighed sum , and we optimize the weights using a heuristic optimization algorithm . this allows us to maximize the quality of our ←
→ closing the loop on multisensory interactions : a neural architecture for multisensory causal inference and recalibration ; when the brain receives input from multiple sensory systems , it is faced with the question of whether it is appropriate to process the inputs in combination , as if they originated from the same event , or separately , as if they originated from distinct events . furthermore , it must also have a mechanism through which it can keep sensory inputs calibrated to maintain the accuracy of its ←
→ tinkering under the hood : interactive zero - shot learning with net surgery ; we consider the task of visual net surgery , in which a cnn can be reconfigured without extra data to recognize novel concepts that may be omitted from the training set . while most prior work make use of linguistic cues for such " zero - shot " learning , we do so by using a pictorial language representation of the training set , implicitly learned by a cnn , to generalize to new classes . to this end , we introduce a set of visualization t ←
→ compression of deep convolutional neural networks for fast and low power mobile applications ; although the latest high - end smartphone has powerful cpu and gpu , running deeper convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for complex tasks such as imagenet classification on mobile devices is challenging . to deploy deep cnns on mobile devices , we present a simple and effective scheme to compress the entire cnn , which we call one - shot whole network compression . the proposed scheme consists of three steps : ( 1 ) rank s ←
→ efficient video object segmentation via network modulation ; video object segmentation targets at segmenting a specific object throughout a video sequence , given only an annotated first frame . recent deep learning based approaches find it effective by fine - tuning a general - purpose segmentation model on the annotated frame using hundreds of iterations of gradient descent . despite the high accuracy these methods achieve , the fine - tuning process is inefficient and fail to meet the requirements of real world ap ←
→ unsupervised pixel - level domain adaptation with generative adversarial networks ; collecting well - annotated image datasets to train modern machine learning algorithms is prohibitively expensive for many tasks . one appealing alternative is rendering synthetic data where ground - truth annotations are generated automatically . unfortunately , models trained purely on rendered images often fail to generalize to real images . to address this shortcoming , prior work introduced unsupervised domain adaptation algorit ←
→ a data mining approach to solve the goal scoring problem ; in soccer , scoring goals is a fundamental objective which depends on many conditions and constraints . considering the robocup soccer 2d - simulator , this paper presents a data mining - based decision system to identify the best time and direction to kick the ball towards the goal to maximize the overall chances of scoring during a simulated soccer match . following the crisp - dm methodology , data for modeling were extracted from matches of major internati ←
→ spectral convolution networks ; previous research has shown that computation of convolution in the frequency domain provides a significant speedup versus traditional convolution network implementations . however , this performance increase comes at the expense of repeatedly computing the transform and its inverse in order to apply other network operations such as activation , pooling , and dropout . we show , mathematically , how convolution and activation can both be implemented in the frequency domain using eith ←
→ the gf mathematics library ; this paper is devoted to present the mathematics grammar library , a system for multilingual mathematical text processing . we explain the context in which it originated , its current design and functionality and the current development goals . we also present two prototype services and comment on possible future applications in the area of artificial mathematics assistants .←
→ bootstrapping incremental dialogue systems from minimal data : the generalisation power of dialogue grammars ; we investigate an end - to - end method for automatically inducing task - based dialogue systems from small amounts of unannotated dialogue data . it combines an incremental semantic grammar - dynamic syntax and type theory with records ( ds - ttr ) - with reinforcement learning ( rl ), where language generation and dialogue management are a joint decision problem . the systems thus produced are incremental : di ←
→ deepcorrect : correcting dnn models against image distortions ; in recent years , the widespread use of deep neural networks ( dnns ) has facilitated great improvements in performance for computer vision tasks like image classification and object recognition . in most realistic computer vision applications , an input image undergoes some form of image distortion such as blur and additive noise during image acquisition or transmission . deep networks trained on pristine images perform poorly when tested on such dis ←
→ belief and truth in hypothesised behaviours ; there is a long history in game theory on the topic of bayesian or " rational " learning , in which each player maintains beliefs over a set of alternative behaviours , or types , for the other players . this idea has gained increasing interest in the artificial intelligence ( ai ) community , where it is used as a method to control a single agent in a system composed of multiple agents with unknown behaviours . the idea is to hypothesise a set of types , each specifying a ←
→ drift theory in continuous search spaces : expected hitting time of the ( 1 + 1 )- es with 1 / 5 success rule ; this paper explores the use of the standard approach for proving runtime bounds in discrete domains --- often referred to as drift analysis --- in the context of optimization on a continuous domain . using this framework we analyze the ( 1 + 1 ) evolution strategy with one - fifth success rule on the sphere function . to deal with potential functions that are not lower - bounded , we formulate novel drift theorems . we ←
→ application of fuzzy assessing for reliability decision making ; this paper proposes a new fuzzy assessing procedure with application in management decision making . the proposed fuzzy approach build the membership functions for system characteristics of a standby repairable system . this method is used to extract a family of conventional crisp intervals from the fuzzy repairable system for the desired system characteristics . this can be determined with a set of nonlinear parametric programing using the membe ←
→ alexu - word : a new dataset for isolated - word closed - vocabulary offline arabic handwriting recognition ; in this paper , we introduce the first phase of a new dataset for offline arabic handwriting recognition . the aim is to collect a very large dataset of isolated arabic words that covers all letters of the alphabet in all possible shapes using a small number of simple words . the end goal is to collect a very large dataset of segmented letter images , which can be used to build and evaluate arabic handwritin ←
→ causal consistency of structural equation models ; complex systems can be modelled at various levels of detail . ideally , causal models of the same system should be consistent with one another in the sense that they agree in their predictions of the effects of interventions . we formalise this notion of consistency in the case of structural equation models ( sems ) by introducing exact transformations between sems . this provides a general language to consider , for instance , the different levels of description i ←
→ declarative sequential pattern mining of care pathways ; sequential pattern mining algorithms are widely used to explore care pathways database , but they generate a deluge of patterns , mostly redundant or useless . clinicians need tools to express complex mining queries in order to generate less but more significant patterns . these algorithms are not versatile enough to answer complex clinician queries . this article proposes to apply a declarative pattern mining approach based on answer set programming parad ←
→ pseudo - task augmentation : from deep multitask learning to intratask sharing --- and back ; deep multitask learning boosts performance by sharing learned structure across related tasks . this paper adapts ideas from deep multitask learning to the setting where only a single task is available . the method is formalized as pseudo - task augmentation , in which models are trained with multiple decoders for each task . pseudo - tasks simulate the effect of training towards closely - related tasks drawn from the same unive ←
→ convolutive audio source separation using robust ica and an intelligent evolving permutation ambiguity solution ; audio source separation is the task of isolating sound sources that are active simultaneously in a room captured by a set of microphones . convolutive audio source separation of equal number of sources and microphones has a number of shortcomings including the complexity of frequency - domain ica , the permutation ambiguity and the problem ' s scalabity with increasing number of sensors . in this pap ←
→ understanding the predictive power of computational mechanics and echo state networks in social media ; there is a large amount of interest in understanding users of social media in order to predict their behavior in this space . despite this interest , user predictability in social media is not well - understood . to examine this question , we consider a network of fifteen thousand users on twitter over a seven week period . we apply two contrasting modeling paradigms : computational mechanics and echo state net ←
→ approximation and heuristic algorithms for probabilistic physical search on general graphs ; we consider an agent seeking to obtain an item , potentially available at different locations in a physical environment . the traveling costs between locations are known in advance , but there is only probabilistic knowledge regarding the possible prices of the item at any given location . given such a setting , the problem is to find a plan that maximizes the probability of acquiring the good while minimizing both tra ←
→ axioms in model - based planners ; axioms can be used to model derived predicates in domain - independent planning models . formulating models which use axioms can sometimes result in problems with much smaller search spaces and shorter plans than the original model . previous work on axiom - aware planners focused solely on state - space search planners . we propose axiom - aware planners based on answer set programming and integer programming . we evaluate them on pddl domains with axioms and show that they can explo ←
→ oriented straight line segment algebra : qualitative spatial reasoning about oriented objects ; nearly 15 years ago , a set of qualitative spatial relations between oriented straight line segments ( dipoles ) was suggested by schlieder . this work received substantial interest amongst the qualitative spatial reasoning community . however , it turned out to be difficult to establish a sound constraint calculus based on these relations . in this paper , we present the results of a new investigation into dipole const ←
→ automated selection of uniform regions for ct image quality detection ; ct images are widely used in pathology detection and follow - up treatment procedures . accurate identification of pathological features requires diagnostic quality ct images with minimal noise and artifact variation . in this work , a novel fourier - transform based metric for image quality ( iq ) estimation is presented that correlates to additive ct image noise . in the proposed method , two windowed ct image subset regions are analyzed togethe ←
→ using the diff command for natural language processing ; diff is a software program that detects differences between two data sets and is useful in natural language processing . this paper shows several examples of the application of diff . they include the detection of differences between two different datasets , extraction of rewriting rules , merging of two different datasets , and the optimal matching of two different data sets . since diff comes with any standard unix system , it is readily available and very ←
→ integrating three mechanisms of visual attention for active visual search ; algorithms for robotic visual search can benefit from the use of visual attention methods in order to reduce computational costs . here , we describe how three distinct mechanisms of visual attention can be integrated and productively used to improve search performance . the first is viewpoint selection as has been proposed earlier using a greedy search over a probabilistic occupancy grid representation . the second is top - down object ←
→ an empirical comparison of sampling quality metrics : a case study for bayesian nonnegative matrix factorization ; in this work , we empirically explore the question : how can we assess the quality of samples from some target distribution ? we assume that the samples are provided by some valid monte carlo procedure , so we are guaranteed that the collection of samples will asymptotically approximate the true distribution . most current evaluation approaches focus on two questions : ( 1 ) has the chain mixed , that ←
→ identifying and attacking the saddle point problem in high - dimensional non - convex optimization ; a central challenge to many fields of science and engineering involves minimizing non - convex error functions over continuous , high dimensional spaces . gradient descent or quasi - newton methods are almost ubiquitously used to perform such minimizations , and it is often thought that a main source of difficulty for these local methods to find the global minimum is the proliferation of local minima with much higher ←
→ a poisson convolution model for characterizing topical content with word frequency and exclusivity ; an ongoing challenge in the analysis of document collections is how to summarize content in terms of a set of inferred themes that can be interpreted substantively in terms of topics . the current practice of parametrizing the themes in terms of most frequent words limits interpretability by ignoring the differential use of words across topics . we argue that words that are both common and exclusive to a the ←
→ revisiting numerical pattern mining with formal concept analysis ; in this paper , we investigate the problem of mining numerical data in the framework of formal concept analysis . the usual way is to use a scaling procedure -- transforming numerical attributes into binary ones -- leading either to a loss of information or of efficiency , in particular w . r . t . the volume of extracted patterns . by contrast , we propose to directly work on numerical data in a more precise and efficient way , and we prove it . for that ←
→ image encryption with dynamic chaotic look - up table ; in this paper we propose a novel image encryption scheme . the proposed method is based on the chaos theory . our cryptosystem uses the chaos theory to define a dynamic chaotic look - up table ( lut ) to compute the new value of the current pixel to cipher . applying this process on each pixel of the plain image , we generate the encrypted image . the results of different experimental tests , such as key space analysis , information entropy and histogram analysis , ←
→ experimental analysis of design elements of scalarizing functions - based multiobjective evolutionary algorithms ; in this paper we systematically study the importance , i . e ., the influence on performance , of the main design elements that differentiate scalarizing functions - based multiobjective evolutionary algorithms ( moeas ). this class of moeas includes multiobjecitve genetic local search ( mogls ) and multiobjective evolutionary algorithm based on decomposition ( moea / d ) and proved to be very successful in m ←
→ fiber orientation estimation guided by a deep network ; diffusion magnetic resonance imaging ( dmri ) is currently the only tool for noninvasively imaging the brain ' s white matter tracts . the fiber orientation ( fo ) is a key feature computed from dmri for fiber tract reconstruction . because the number of fos in a voxel is usually small , dictionary - based sparse reconstruction has been used to estimate fos with a relatively small number of diffusion gradients . however , accurate fo estimation in regions with comp ←
→ oil price trackers inspired by immune memory ; we outline initial concepts for an immune inspired algorithm to evaluate and predict oil price time series data . the proposed solution evolves a short term pool of trackers dynamically , with each member attempting to map trends and anticipate future price movements . successful trackers feed into a long term memory pool that can generalise across repeating trend patterns . the resulting sequence of trackers , ordered in time , can be used as a forecasting tool . exa ←
→ using neural network formalism to solve multiple - instance problems ; many objects in the real world are difficult to describe by a single numerical vector of a fixed length , whereas describing them by a set of vectors is more natural . therefore , multiple instance learning ( mil ) techniques have been constantly gaining on importance throughout last years . mil formalism represents each object ( sample ) by a set ( bag ) of feature vectors ( instances ) of fixed length where knowledge about objects ( e . g ., class label ←
→ a decision tree of bigrams is an accurate predictor of word sense ; this paper presents a corpus - based approach to word sense disambiguation where a decision tree assigns a sense to an ambiguous word based on the bigrams that occur nearby . this approach is evaluated using the sense - tagged corpora from the 1998 senseval word sense disambiguation exercise . it is more accurate than the average results reported for 30 of 36 words , and is more accurate than the best results for 19 of 36 words .←
→ applying chatbots to the internet of things : opportunities and architectural elements ; internet of things ( iot ) is emerging as a significant technology in shaping the future by connecting physical devices or things with internet . it also presents various opportunities for intersection of other technological trends which can allow it to become even more intelligent and efficient . in this paper we focus our attention on the integration of intelligent conversational software agents or chatbots with iot . lit ←
→ active bayesian optimization : minimizing minimizer entropy ; the ultimate goal of optimization is to find the minimizer of a target function . however , typical criteria for active optimization often ignore the uncertainty about the minimizer . we propose a novel criterion for global optimization and an associated sequential active learning strategy using gaussian processes . our criterion is the reduction of uncertainty in the posterior distribution of the function minimizer . it can also flexibly incorporate mul ←
→ local loss optimization in operator models : a new insight into spectral learning ; this paper re - visits the spectral method for learning latent variable models defined in terms of observable operators . we give a new perspective on the method , showing that operators can be recovered by minimizing a loss defined on a finite subset of the domain . a non - convex optimization similar to the spectral method is derived . we also propose a regularized convex relaxation of this optimization . we show that in practice ←
→ search combinators ; the ability to model search in a constraint solver can be an essential asset for solving combinatorial problems . however , existing infrastructure for defining search heuristics is often inadequate . either modeling capabilities are extremely limited or users are faced with a general - purpose programming language whose features are not tailored towards writing search heuristics . as a result , major improvements in performance may remain unexplored . this article introduces search combinato ←
→ online robust subspace tracking from partial information ; this paper presents grasta ( grassmannian robust adaptive subspace tracking algorithm ), an efficient and robust online algorithm for tracking subspaces from highly incomplete information . the algorithm uses a robust $ l ^ 1 $- norm cost function in order to estimate and track non - stationary subspaces when the streaming data vectors are corrupted with outliers . we apply grasta to the problems of robust matrix completion and real - time separation of backgrou ←
→ learning linear feature space transformations in symbolic regression ; we propose a new type of leaf node for use in symbolic regression ( sr ) that performs linear combinations of feature variables ( lcf ). these nodes can be handled in three different modes -- an unsynchronized mode , where all lcfs are free to change on their own , a synchronized mode , where lcfs are sorted into groups in which they are forced to be identical throughout the whole individual , and a globally synchronized mode , which is similar t ←
→ enhancing convolutional neural networks for face recognition with occlusion maps and batch triplet loss ; despite the recent success of convolutional neural networks for computer vision applications , unconstrained face recognition remains a challenge . in this work , we make two contributions to the field . firstly , we consider the problem of face recognition with partial occlusions and show how current approaches might suffer significant performance degradation when dealing with this kind of face images . we ←
→ traffic sign timely visual recognizability evaluation based on 3d measurable point clouds ; the timely provision of traffic sign information to drivers is essential for the drivers to respond , to ensure safe driving , and to avoid traffic accidents in a timely manner . we proposed a timely visual recognizability quantitative evaluation method for traffic signs in large - scale transportation environments . to achieve this goal , we first address the concept of a visibility field to reflect the visible distribut ←
→ detecting and grouping identical objects for region proposal and classification ; often multiple instances of an object occur in the same scene , for example in a warehouse . unsupervised multi - instance object discovery algorithms are able to detect and identify such objects . we use such an algorithm to provide object proposals to a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based classifier . this results in fewer regions to evaluate , compared to traditional region proposal algorithms . additionally , it enables usin ←
→ sentiment analysis in the news ; recent years have brought a significant growth in the volume of research in sentiment analysis , mostly on highly subjective text types ( movie or product reviews ). the main difference these texts have with news articles is that their target is clearly defined and unique across the text . following different annotation efforts and the analysis of the issues encountered , we realised that news opinion mining is different from that of other text types . we identified three subtasks ←
→ training a feedback loop for hand pose estimation ; we propose an entirely data - driven approach to estimating the 3d pose of a hand given a depth image . we show that we can correct the mistakes made by a convolutional neural network trained to predict an estimate of the 3d pose by using a feedback loop . the components of this feedback loop are also deep networks , optimized using training data . they remove the need for fitting a 3d model to the input data , which requires both a carefully designed fitting fun ←
→ learning the semantics of manipulation action ; in this paper we present a formal computational framework for modeling manipulation actions . the introduced formalism leads to semantics of manipulation action and has applications to both observing and understanding human manipulation actions as well as executing them with a robotic mechanism ( e . g . a humanoid robot ). it is based on a combinatory categorial grammar . the goal of the introduced framework is to : ( 1 ) represent manipulation actions with both syntax ←
→ temporal - related convolutional - restricted - boltzmann - machine capable of learning relational order via reinforcement learning procedure ? ; in this article , we extend the conventional framework of convolutional - restricted - boltzmann - machine to learn highly abstract features among abitrary number of time related input maps by constructing a layer of multiplicative units , which capture the relations among inputs . in many cases , more than two maps are strongly related , so it is wise to make multiplicative unit l ←
→ predicting aesthetic score distribution through cumulative jensen - shannon divergence ; aesthetic quality prediction is a challenging task in the computer vision community because of the complex interplay with semantic contents and photographic technologies . recent studies on the powerful deep learning based aesthetic quality assessment usually use a binary high - low label or a numerical score to represent the aesthetic quality . however the scalar representation cannot describe well the underlying varieties ←
→ expectation maximization and complex duration distributions for continuous time bayesian networks ; continuous time bayesian networks ( ctbns ) describe structured stochastic processes with finitely many states that evolve over continuous time . a ctbn is a directed ( possibly cyclic ) dependency graph over a set of variables , each of which represents a finite state continuous time markov process whose transition model is a function of its parents . we address the problem of learning the parameters and structur ←
→ sparse plus low - rank autoregressive identification in neuroimaging time series ; this paper considers the problem of identifying multivariate autoregressive ( ar ) sparse plus low - rank graphical models . based on the corresponding problem formulation recently presented , we use the alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ) to efficiently solve it and scale it to sizes encountered in neuroimaging applications . we apply this decomposition on synthetic and real neuroimaging datasets with a specific focu ←
→ co - adaptive learning over a countable space ; co - adaptation is a special form of on - line learning where an algorithm $\ mathcal { a }$ must assist an unknown algorithm $\ mathcal { b }$ to perform some task . this is a general framework and has applications in recommendation systems , search , education , and much more . today , the most common use of co - adaptive algorithms is in brain - computer interfacing ( bci ), where algorithms help patients gain and maintain control over prosthetic devices . while previous studies have ←
→ regulating greed over time ; in retail , there are predictable yet dramatic time - dependent patterns in customer behavior , such as periodic changes in the number of visitors , or increases in visitors just before major holidays . the current paradigm of multi - armed bandit analysis does not take these known patterns into account . this means that for applications in retail , where prices are fixed for periods of time , current bandit algorithms will not suffice . this work provides a remedy that takes the time - depen ←
→ an encoder - decoder framework translating natural language to database queries ; machine translation is going through a radical revolution , driven by the explosive development of deep learning techniques using convolutional neural network ( cnn ) and recurrent neural network ( rnn ). in this paper , we consider a special case in machine translation problems , targeting to translate natural language into structural query language ( sql ) for data retrieval over relational database . although generic cnn and rnn lear ←
→ multi - sensor fusion method using dynamic bayesian network for precise vehicle localization and road matching ; this paper presents a multi - sensor fusion strategy for a novel road - matching method designed to support real - time navigational features within advanced driving - assistance systems . managing multihypotheses is a useful strategy for the road - matching problem . the multi - sensor fusion and multi - modal estimation are realized using dynamical bayesian network . experimental results , using data from antilo ←
→ survey on feature selection ; feature selection plays an important role in the data mining process . it is needed to deal with the excessive number of features , which can become a computational burden on the learning algorithms . it is also necessary , even when computational resources are not scarce , since it improves the accuracy of the machine learning tasks , as we will see in the upcoming sections . in this review , we discuss the different feature selection approaches , and the relation between them and the ←
→ probabilistic rule realization and selection ; abstraction and realization are bilateral processes that are key in deriving intelligence and creativity . in many domains , the two processes are approached through rules : high - level principles that reveal invariances within similar yet diverse examples . under a probabilistic setting for discrete input spaces , we focus on the rule realization problem which generates input sample distributions that follow the given rules . more ambitiously , we go beyond a mechanic ←
→ joint dimensionality reduction for two feature vectors ; many machine learning problems , especially multi - modal learning problems , have two sets of distinct features ( e . g ., image and text features in news story classification , or neuroimaging data and neurocognitive data in cognitive science research ). this paper addresses the joint dimensionality reduction of two feature vectors in supervised learning problems . in particular , we assume a discriminative model where low - dimensional linear embeddings of the t ←
→ a new mechanism for maintaining diversity of pareto archive in multiobjective optimization ; the article introduces a new mechanism for selecting individuals to a pareto archive . it was combined with a micro - genetic algorithm and tested on several problems . the ability of this approach to produce individuals uniformly distributed along the pareto set without negative impact on convergence is demonstrated on presented results . the new concept was confronted with nsga - ii , spea2 , and ibea algorithms from the ←
→ evolutionary computation algorithms for cryptanalysis : a study ; the cryptanalysis of various cipher problems can be formulated as np - hard combinatorial problem . solving such problems requires time and / or memory requirement which increases with the size of the problem . techniques for solving combinatorial problems fall into two broad groups - exact algorithms and evolutionary computation algorithms . an exact algorithms guarantees that the optimal solution to the problem will be found . the exact algorithms l ←
→ mufuru : the multi - function recurrent unit ; recurrent neural networks such as the gru and lstm found wide adoption in natural language processing and achieve state - of - the - art results for many tasks . these models are characterized by a memory state that can be written to and read from by applying gated composition operations to the current input and the previous state . however , they only cover a small subset of potentially useful compositions . we propose multi - function recurrent units ( mufurus ) that allow fo ←
→ multi - resolution tensor learning for large - scale spatial data ; high - dimensional tensor models are notoriously computationally expensive to train . we present a meta - learning algorithm , mmt , that can significantly speed up the process for spatial tensor models . mmt leverages the property that spatial data can be viewed at multiple resolutions , which are related by coarsening and finegraining from one resolution to another . using this property , mmt learns a tensor model by starting from a coarse resolution an ←
→ the dynamic controllability of conditional stns with uncertainty ; recent attempts to automate business processes and medical - treatment processes have uncovered the need for a formal framework that can accommodate not only temporal constraints , but also observations and actions with uncontrollable durations . to meet this need , this paper defines a conditional simple temporal network with uncertainty ( cstnu ) that combines the simple temporal constraints from a simple temporal network ( stn ) with the condition ←
→ local contrast learning ; learning a deep model from small data is yet an opening and challenging problem . we focus on one - shot classification by deep learning approach based on a small quantity of training samples . we proposed a novel deep learning approach named local contrast learning ( lcl ) based on the key insight about a human cognitive behavior that human recognizes the objects in a specific context by contrasting the objects in the context or in her / his memory . lcl is used to train a deep model that ←
→ a last - step regression algorithm for non - stationary online learning ; the goal of a learner in standard online learning is to maintain an average loss close to the loss of the best - performing single function in some class . in many real - world problems , such as rating or ranking items , there is no single best target function during the runtime of the algorithm , instead the best ( local ) target function is drifting over time . we develop a novel last - step minmax optimal algorithm in context of a drift . we analyz ←
→ statistical analysis of latent generalized correlation matrix estimation in transelliptical distribution ; correlation matrices play a key role in many multivariate methods ( e . g ., graphical model estimation and factor analysis ). the current state - of - the - art in estimating large correlation matrices focuses on the use of pearson ' s sample correlation matrix . although pearson ' s sample correlation matrix enjoys various good properties under gaussian models , it is not an effective estimator when facing heavy - ta ←
→ deep unsupervised learning through spatial contrasting ; convolutional networks have marked their place over the last few years as the best performing model for various visual tasks . they are , however , most suited for supervised learning from large amounts of labeled data . previous attempts have been made to use unlabeled data to improve model performance by applying unsupervised techniques . these attempts require different architectures and training methods . in this work we present a novel approach for uns ←
→ deep learning the ising model near criticality ; it is well established that neural networks with deep architectures perform better than shallow networks for many tasks in machine learning . in statistical physics , while there has been recent interest in representing physical data with generative modelling , the focus has been on shallow neural networks . a natural question to ask is whether deep neural networks hold any advantage over shallow networks in representing such data . we investigate this question by ←
→ real - valued ( medical ) time series generation with recurrent conditional gans ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) have shown remarkable success as a framework for training models to produce realistic - looking data . in this work , we propose a recurrent gan ( rgan ) and recurrent conditional gan ( rcgan ) to produce realistic real - valued multi - dimensional time series , with an emphasis on their application to medical data . rgans make use of recurrent neural networks in the generator and the discriminator . in ←
→ top k memory candidates in memory networks for common sense reasoning ; successful completion of reasoning task requires the agent to have relevant prior knowledge or some given context of the world dynamics . usually , the information provided to the system for a reasoning task is just the query or some supporting story , which is often not enough for common reasoning tasks . the goal here is that , if the information provided along the question is not sufficient to correctly answer the question , the model shou ←
→ the feeling of success : does touch sensing help predict grasp outcomes ? ; a successful grasp requires careful balancing of the contact forces . deducing whether a particular grasp will be successful from indirect measurements , such as vision , is therefore quite challenging , and direct sensing of contacts through touch sensing provides an appealing avenue toward more successful and consistent robotic grasping . however , in order to fully evaluate the value of touch sensing for grasp outcome prediction , we must ←
→ argumentation models for cyber attribution ; a major challenge in cyber - threat analysis is combining information from different sources to find the person or the group responsible for the cyber - attack . it is one of the most important technical and policy challenges in cyber - security . the lack of ground truth for an individual responsible for an attack has limited previous studies . in this paper , we take a first step towards overcoming this limitation by building a dataset from the capture - the - flag event hel ←
→ recovering hard - to - find object instances by sampling context - based object proposals ; in this paper we focus on improving object detection performance in terms of recall . we propose a post - detection stage during which we explore the image with the objective of recovering missed detections . this exploration is performed by sampling object proposals in the image . we analyze four different strategies to perform this sampling , giving special attention to strategies that exploit spatial relations between objec ←
→ an uncertainty framework for classification ; we define a generalized likelihood function based on uncertainty measures and show that maximizing such a likelihood function for different measures induces different types of classifiers . in the probabilistic framework , we obtain classifiers that optimize the cross - entropy function . in the possibilistic framework , we obtain classifiers that maximize the interclass margin . furthermore , we show that the support vector machine is a sub - class of these maximum - margi ←
→ bandit - based model selection for deformable object manipulation ; we present a novel approach to deformable object manipulation that does not rely on highly - accurate modeling . the key contribution of this paper is to formulate the task as a multi - armed bandit problem , with each arm representing a model of the deformable object . to " pull " an arm and evaluate its utility , we use the arm ' s model to generate a velocity command for the gripper ( s ) holding the object and execute it . as the task proceeds and the ob ←
→ no reference stereoscopic video quality assessment using joint motion and depth statistics ; we present a no reference ( nr ) quality assessment algorithm for assessing the perceptual quality of natural stereoscopic 3d ( s3d ) videos . this work is inspired by our finding that the joint statistics of the subband coefficients of motion ( optical flow or motion vector magnitude ) and depth ( disparity map ) of natural s3d videos possess a unique signature . specifically , we empirically show that the joint statistics ←
→ sentiment analysis of twitter data : a survey of techniques ; with the advancement of web technology and its growth , there is a huge volume of data present in the web for internet users and a lot of data is generated too . internet has become a platform for online learning , exchanging ideas and sharing opinions . social networking sites like twitter , facebook , google + are rapidly gaining popularity as they allow people to share and express their views about topics , have discussion with different communities , or ←
→ improved graph - based sfa : information preservation complements the slowness principle ; slow feature analysis ( sfa ) is an unsupervised - learning algorithm that extracts slowly varying features from a multi - dimensional time series . a supervised extension to sfa for classification and regression is graph - based sfa ( gsfa ). gsfa is based on the preservation of similarities , which are specified by a graph structure derived from the labels . it has been shown that hierarchical gsfa ( hgsfa ) allows learning from im ←
→ learning in the rational speech acts model ; the rational speech acts ( rsa ) model treats language use as a recursive process in which probabilistic speaker and listener agents reason about each other ' s intentions to enrich the literal semantics of their language along broadly gricean lines . rsa has been shown to capture many kinds of conversational implicature , but it has been criticized as an unrealistic model of speakers , and it has so far required the manual specification of a semantic lexicon , preventin ←
→ global overview of imitation learning ; imitation learning is a sequential task where the learner tries to mimic an expert ' s action in order to achieve the best performance . several algorithms have been proposed recently for this task . in this project , we aim at proposing a wide review of these algorithms , presenting their main features and comparing them on their performance and their regret bounds .←
→ high - for - low and low - for - high : efficient boundary detection from deep object features and its applications to high - level vision ; most of the current boundary detection systems rely exclusively on low - level features , such as color and texture . however , perception studies suggest that humans employ object - level reasoning when judging if a particular pixel is a boundary . inspired by this observation , in this work we show how to predict boundaries by exploiting object - level features from a pretrained object -←
→ training convolutional networks with noisy labels ; the availability of large labeled datasets has allowed convolutional network models to achieve impressive recognition results . however , in many settings manual annotation of the data is impractical ; instead our data has noisy labels , i . e . there is some freely available label for each image which may or may not be accurate . in this paper , we explore the performance of discriminatively - trained convnets when trained on such noisy data . we introduce an extra n ←
→ pac learnability of a concept class under non - atomic measures : a problem by vidyasagar ; in response to a 1997 problem of m . vidyasagar , we state a necessary and sufficient condition for distribution - free pac learnability of a concept class $\ mathscr c $ under the family of all non - atomic ( diffuse ) measures on the domain $\ omega $. clearly , finiteness of the classical vapnik - chervonenkis dimension of $\ mathscr c $ is a sufficient , but no longer necessary , condition . besides , learnability of $\ mathscr c $ unde ←
→ covariance matrices for mean field variational bayes ; mean field variational bayes ( mfvb ) is a popular posterior approximation method due to its fast runtime on large - scale data sets . however , it is well known that a major failing of mfvb is its ( sometimes severe ) underestimates of the uncertainty of model variables and lack of information about model variable covariance . we develop a fast , general methodology for exponential families that augments mfvb to deliver accurate uncertainty estimates for model v ←
→ méthodes pour la représentation informatisée de données lexicales / methoden der speicherung lexikalischer daten ; in recent years , new developments in the area of lexicography have altered not only the management , processing and publishing of lexicographical data , but also created new types of products such as electronic dictionaries and thesauri . these expand the range of possible uses of lexical data and support users with more flexibility , for instance in assisting human translation . in this article , ←
→ deep roots : improving cnn efficiency with hierarchical filter groups ; we propose a new method for creating computationally efficient and compact convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) using a novel sparse connection structure that resembles a tree root . this allows a significant reduction in computational cost and number of parameters compared to state - of - the - art deep cnns , without compromising accuracy , by exploiting the sparsity of inter - layer filter dependencies . we validate our approach by using it to tr ←
→ causal discovery in a binary exclusive - or skew acyclic model : bexsam ; discovering causal relations among observed variables in a given data set is a major objective in studies of statistics and artificial intelligence . recently , some techniques to discover a unique causal model have been explored based on non - gaussianity of the observed data distribution . however , most of these are limited to continuous data . in this paper , we present a novel causal model for binary data and propose an efficient new approa ←
→ kernel clustering : density biases and solutions ; kernel methods are popular in clustering due to their generality and discriminating power . however , we show that many kernel clustering criteria have density biases theoretically explaining some practically significant artifacts empirically observed in the past . for example , we provide conditions and formally prove the density mode isolation bias in kernel k - means for a common class of kernels . we call it breiman ' s bias due to its similarity to the histogram ←
→ error bounds for compressed sensing algorithms with group sparsity : a unified approach ; in compressed sensing , in order to recover a sparse or nearly sparse vector from possibly noisy measurements , the most popular approach is $\ ell_1 $- norm minimization . upper bounds for the $\ ell_2 $- norm of the error between the true and estimated vectors are given in [ 1 ] and reviewed in [ 2 ], while bounds for the $\ ell_1 $- norm are given in [ 3 ]. when the unknown vector is not conventionally sparse but is " group sparse " ←
→ bistability : a common feature in some " aggregates " of logistic maps ; as it was argued by anderson [ science 177 , 393 ( 1972 )], the " reductionist " hypothesis does not by any means imply a " constructionist " one . hence , in general , the behavior of large and complex aggregates of elementary components can not be understood nor extrapolated from the properties of a few components . following this insight , we have simulated different " aggregates " of logistic maps according to a particular coupling scheme . all these ←
→ parsing images of overlapping organisms with deep singling - out networks ; this work is motivated by the mostly unsolved task of parsing biological images with multiple overlapping articulated model organisms ( such as worms or larvae ). we present a general approach that separates the two main challenges associated with such data , individual object shape estimation and object groups disentangling . at the core of the approach is a deep feed - forward singling - out network ( son ) that is trained to map each local p ←
→ grounding spatio - semantic referring expressions for human - robot interaction ; the human language is one of the most natural interfaces for humans to interact with robots . this paper presents a robot system that retrieves everyday objects with unconstrained natural language descriptions . a core issue for the system is semantic and spatial grounding , which is to infer objects and their spatial relationships from images and natural language expressions . we introduce a two - stage neural - network grounding pipel ←
→ detecting breast cancer using a compressive sensing unmixing algorithm ; traditional breast cancer imaging methods using microwave nearfield radar imaging ( nri ) seek to recover the complex permittivity of the tissues at each voxel in the imaging region . this approach is suboptimal , in that it does not directly consider the permittivity values that healthy and cancerous breast tissues typically have . in this paper , we describe a novel unmixing algorithm for detecting breast cancer . in this approach , the brea ←
→ learning a mixture of deep networks for single image super - resolution ; single image super - resolution ( sr ) is an ill - posed problem which aims to recover high - resolution ( hr ) images from their low - resolution ( lr ) observations . the crux of this problem lies in learning the complex mapping between low - resolution patches and the corresponding high - resolution patches . prior arts have used either a mixture of simple regression models or a single non - linear neural network for this propose . this paper proposes the ←
→ an effective fingerprint classification and search method ; this paper presents an effective fingerprint classification method designed based on a hierarchical agglomerative clustering technique . the performance of the technique was evaluated in terms of several real - life datasets and a significant improvement in reducing the misclassification error has been noticed . this paper also presents a query based faster fingerprint search method over the clustered fingerprint databases . the retrieval accuracy of th ←
→ the intelligent voice 2016 speaker recognition system ; this paper presents the intelligent voice ( iv ) system submitted to the nist 2016 speaker recognition evaluation ( sre ). the primary emphasis of sre this year was on developing speaker recognition technology which is robust for novel languages that are much more heterogeneous than those used in the current state - of - the - art , using significantly less training data , that does not contain meta - data from those languages . the system is based on the state - of - th ←
→ question answering in a natural language understanding system based on object - oriented semantics ; algorithms of question answering in a computer system oriented on input and logical processing of text information are presented . a knowledge domain under consideration is social behavior of a person . a database of the system includes an internal representation of natural language sentences and supplemental information . the answer {\ it yes } or {\ it no } is formed for a general question . a special question con ←
→ window - based descriptors for arabic handwritten alphabet recognition : a comparative study on a novel dataset ; this paper presents a comparative study for window - based descriptors on the application of arabic handwritten alphabet recognition . we show a detailed experimental evaluation of different descriptors with several classifiers . the objective of the paper is to evaluate different window - based descriptors on the problem of arabic letter recognition . our experiments clearly show that they perform very ←
→ fast color quantization using weighted sort - means clustering ; color quantization is an important operation with numerous applications in graphics and image processing . most quantization methods are essentially based on data clustering algorithms . however , despite its popularity as a general purpose clustering algorithm , k - means has not received much respect in the color quantization literature because of its high computational requirements and sensitivity to initialization . in this paper , a fast color quan ←
→ facial expressions tracking and recognition : database protocols for systems validation and evaluation ; each human face is unique . it has its own shape , topology , and distinguishing features . as such , developing and testing facial tracking systems are challenging tasks . the existing face recognition and tracking algorithms in computer vision mainly specify concrete situations according to particular goals and applications , requiring validation methodologies with data that fits their purposes . however , a d ←
→ latent skill embedding for personalized lesson sequence recommendation ; students in online courses generate large amounts of data that can be used to personalize the learning process and improve quality of education . in this paper , we present the latent skill embedding ( lse ), a probabilistic model of students and educational content that can be used to recommend personalized sequences of lessons with the goal of helping students prepare for specific assessments . akin to collaborative filtering for recommen ←
→ memory fusion network for multi - view sequential learning ; multi - view sequential learning is a fundamental problem in machine learning dealing with multi - view sequences . in a multi - view sequence , there exists two forms of interactions between different views : view - specific interactions and cross - view interactions . in this paper , we present a new neural architecture for multi - view sequential learning called the memory fusion network ( mfn ) that explicitly accounts for both interactions in a neural architectur ←
→ wearable vision detection of environmental fall risks using convolutional neural networks ; in this paper , a method to detect environmental hazards related to a fall risk using a mobile vision system is proposed . first - person perspective videos are proposed to provide objective evidence on cause and circumstances of perturbed balance during activities of daily living , targeted to seniors . a classification problem was defined with 12 total classes of potential fall risks , including slope changes ( e . g ., sta ←
→ accurate image super - resolution using very deep convolutional networks ; we present a highly accurate single - image super - resolution ( sr ) method . our method uses a very deep convolutional network inspired by vgg - net used for imagenet classification \ cite { simonyan2015very }. we find increasing our network depth shows a significant improvement in accuracy . our final model uses 20 weight layers . by cascading small filters many times in a deep network structure , contextual information over large image regions is ←
→ dual coordinate solvers for large - scale structural svms ; this manuscript describes a method for training linear svms ( including binary svms , svm regression , and structural svms ) from large , out - of - core training datasets . current strategies for large - scale learning fall into one of two camps ; batch algorithms which solve the learning problem given a finite datasets , and online algorithms which can process out - of - core datasets . the former typically requires datasets small enough to fit in memory . the latter ←
→ expectation propagation for neural networks with sparsity - promoting priors ; we propose a novel approach for nonlinear regression using a two - layer neural network ( nn ) model structure with sparsity - favoring hierarchical priors on the network weights . we present an expectation propagation ( ep ) approach for approximate integration over the posterior distribution of the weights , the hierarchical scale parameters of the priors , and the residual scale . using a factorized posterior approximation we derive a com ←
→ a novel and effective scoring scheme for structure classification and pairwise similarity measurement ; protein tertiary structure defines its functions , classification and binding sites . similar structural characteristics between two proteins often lead to the similar characteristics thereof . determining structural similarity accurately in real time is a crucial research issue . in this paper , we present a novel and effective scoring scheme that is dependent on novel features extracted from protein alpha ←
→ exploring the significance of using perceptually relevant image decolorization method for scene classification ; a color image contains luminance and chrominance components representing the intensity and color information respectively . the objective of the work presented in this paper is to show the significance of incorporating the chrominance information for the task of scene classification . an improved color - to - grayscale image conversion algorithm by effectively incorporating the chrominance informatio ←
→ the complexity of campaigning ; in " the logic of campaigning ", dean and parikh consider a candidate making campaign statements to appeal to the voters . they model these statements as boolean formulas over variables that represent stances on the issues , and study optimal candidate strategies under three proposed models of voter preferences based on the assignments that satisfy these formulas . we prove that voter utility evaluation is computationally hard under these preference models ( in one case , # p - hard ), ←
→ single and multiple illuminant estimation using convolutional neural networks ; in this paper we present a method for the estimation of the color of the illuminant in raw images . the method includes a convolutional neural network that has been specially designed to produce multiple local estimates . a multiple illuminant detector determines whether or not the local outputs of the network must be aggregated into a single estimate . we evaluated our method on standard datasets with single and multiple illumin ←
→ information , privacy and stability in adaptive data analysis ; traditional statistical theory assumes that the analysis to be performed on a given data set is selected independently of the data themselves . this assumption breaks downs when data are re - used across analyses and the analysis to be performed at a given stage depends on the results of earlier stages . such dependency can arise when the same data are used by several scientific studies , or when a single analysis consists of multiple stages . how c ←
→ a novel approach for handwritten devnagari character recognition ; in this paper a method for recognition of handwritten devanagari characters is described . here , feature vector is constituted by accumulated directional gradient changes in different segments , number of intersections points for the character , type of spine present and type of shirorekha present in the character . one multi - layer perceptron with conjugate - gradient training is used to classify these feature vectors . this method is applied to a ←
→ learning - assisted automated reasoning with flyspeck ; the considerable mathematical knowledge encoded by the flyspeck project is combined with external automated theorem provers ( atps ) and machine - learning premise selection methods trained on the proofs , producing an ai system capable of answering a wide range of mathematical queries automatically . the performance of this architecture is evaluated in a bootstrapping scenario emulating the development of flyspeck from axioms to the last theorem , each time us ←
→ local geometry of one - hidden - layer neural networks for logistic regression ; we study the local geometry of a one - hidden - layer fully - connected neural network where the training samples are generated from a multi - neuron logistic regression model . we prove that under gaussian input , the empirical risk function employing quadratic loss exhibits strong convexity and smoothness uniformly in a local neighborhood of the ground truth , for a class of smooth activation functions satisfying certain properties , inclu ←
→ multi - spectral image panchromatic sharpening , outcome and process quality assessment protocol ; multispectral ( ms ) image panchromatic ( pan ) sharpening algorithms proposed to the remote sensing community are ever increasing in number and variety . their aim is to sharpen a coarse spatial resolution ms image with a fine spatial resolution pan image acquired simultaneously by a spaceborne or airborne earth observation ( eo ) optical imaging sensor pair . unfortunately , to date , no standard evaluation procedure f ←
→ complexity and universality in the long - range order of words ; as is the case of many signals produced by complex systems , language presents a statistical structure that is balanced between order and disorder . here we review and extend recent results from quantitative characterisations of the degree of order in linguistic sequences that give insights into two relevant aspects of language : the presence of statistical universals in word ordering , and the link between semantic information and the statistical l ←
→ incomplete dot products for dynamic computation scaling in neural network inference ; we propose the use of incomplete dot products ( idp ) to dynamically adjust the number of input channels used in each layer of a convolutional neural network during feedforward inference . idp adds monotonically non - increasing coefficients , referred to as a " profile ", to the channels during training . the profile orders the contribution of each channel in non - increasing order . at inference time , the number of channels used c ←
→ nonlinear channel estimation for ofdm system by complex ls - svm under high mobility conditions ; a nonlinear channel estimator using complex least square support vector machines ( ls - svm ) is proposed for pilot - aided ofdm system and applied to long term evolution ( lte ) downlink under high mobility conditions . the estimation algorithm makes use of the reference signals to estimate the total frequency response of the highly selective multipath channel in the presence of non - gaussian impulse noise interfering w ←
→ free - hand sketch synthesis with deformable stroke models ; we present a generative model which can automatically summarize the stroke composition of free - hand sketches of a given category . when our model is fit to a collection of sketches with similar poses , it discovers and learns the structure and appearance of a set of coherent parts , with each part represented by a group of strokes . it represents both consistent ( topology ) as well as diverse aspects ( structure and appearance variations ) of each sketch c ←
→ 3d reconstruction with low resolution , small baseline and high radial distortion stereo images ; in this paper we analyze and compare approaches for 3d reconstruction from low - resolution ( 250x250 ), high radial distortion stereo images , which are acquired with small baseline ( approximately 1mm ). these images are acquired with the system naneye stereo manufactured by cmosis / awaiba . these stereo cameras have also small apertures , which means that high levels of illumination are required . the goal was to deve ←
→ open - vocabulary semantic parsing with both distributional statistics and formal knowledge ; traditional semantic parsers map language onto compositional , executable queries in a fixed schema . this mapping allows them to effectively leverage the information contained in large , formal knowledge bases ( kbs , e . g ., freebase ) to answer questions , but it is also fundamentally limiting --- these semantic parsers can only assign meaning to language that falls within the kb ' s manually - produced schema . recently propos ←
→ diagonal based feature extraction for handwritten alphabets recognition system using neural network ; an off - line handwritten alphabetical character recognition system using multilayer feed forward neural network is described in the paper . a new method , called , diagonal based feature extraction is introduced for extracting the features of the handwritten alphabets . fifty data sets , each containing 26 alphabets written by various people , are used for training the neural network and 570 different handwritte ←
→ distributed low - rank subspace segmentation ; vision problems ranging from image clustering to motion segmentation to semi - supervised learning can naturally be framed as subspace segmentation problems , in which one aims to recover multiple low - dimensional subspaces from noisy and corrupted input data . low - rank representation ( lrr ), a convex formulation of the subspace segmentation problem , is provably and empirically accurate on small problems but does not scale to the massive sizes of modern vision datasets ←
→ total variation with overlapping group sparsity for image deblurring under impulse noise ; the total variation ( tv ) regularization method is an effective method for image deblurring in preserving edges . however , the tv based solutions usually have some staircase effects . in this paper , in order to alleviate the staircase effect , we propose a new model for restoring blurred images with impulse noise . the model consists of an $\ ell_1 $- fidelity term and a tv with overlapping group sparsity ( ogs ) regularizati ←
→ two - level structural sparsity regularization for identifying lattices and defects in noisy images ; this paper presents a regularized regression model with a two - level structural sparsity penalty applied to locate individual atoms in a noisy scanning transmission electron microscopy image ( stem ). in crystals , the locations of atoms is symmetric , condensed into a few lattice groups . therefore , by identifying the underlying lattice in a given image , individual atoms can be accurately located . we propose to ←
→ mergenet : a deep net architecture for small obstacle discovery ; we present here , a novel network architecture called mergenet for discovering small obstacles for on - road scenes in the context of autonomous driving . the basis of the architecture rests on the central consideration of training with less amount of data since the physical setup and the annotation process for small obstacles is hard to scale . for making effective use of the limited data , we propose a multi - stage training procedure involving weig ←
→ lock in feedback in sequential experiments ; we often encounter situations in which an experimenter wants to find , by sequential experimentation , $ x_ { max } = \ arg \ max_ { x } f ( x )$, where $ f ( x )$ is a ( possibly unknown ) function of a well controllable variable $ x $. taking inspiration from physics and engineering , we have designed a new method to address this problem . in this paper , we first introduce the method in continuous time , and then present two algorithms for use in sequential experiments . through a series ←
→ an svm based approach for cardiac view planning ; we consider the problem of automatically prescribing oblique planes ( short axis , 4 chamber and 2 chamber views ) in cardiac magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ). a concern with technologist - driven acquisitions of these planes is the quality and time taken for the total examination . we propose an automated solution incorporating anatomical features external to the cardiac region . the solution uses support vector machine regression models wherein complexity and fea ←
→ online deep learning : growing rbm on the fly ; we propose a novel online learning algorithm for restricted boltzmann machines ( rbm ), namely , the online generative discriminative restricted boltzmann machine ( ogd - rbm ), that provides the ability to build and adapt the network architecture of rbm according to the statistics of streaming data . the ogd - rbm is trained in two phases : ( 1 ) an online generative phase for unsupervised feature representation at the hidden layer and ( 2 ) a discriminative phase for classi ←
→ feature selection with conjunctions of decision stumps and learning from microarray data ; one of the objectives of designing feature selection learning algorithms is to obtain classifiers that depend on a small number of attributes and have verifiable future performance guarantees . there are few , if any , approaches that successfully address the two goals simultaneously . performance guarantees become crucial for tasks such as microarray data analysis due to very small sample sizes resulting in limited emp ←
→ corpus - level fine - grained entity typing ; this paper addresses the problem of corpus - level entity typing , i . e ., inferring from a large corpus that an entity is a member of a class such as " food " or " artist ". the application of entity typing we are interested in is knowledge base completion , specifically , to learn which classes an entity is a member of . we propose figment to tackle this problem . figment is embedding - based and combines ( i ) a global model that scores based on aggregated contextual information ←
→ beyond gauss : image - set matching on the riemannian manifold of pdfs ; state - of - the - art image - set matching techniques typically implicitly model each image - set with a gaussian distribution . here , we propose to go beyond these representations and model image - sets as probability distribution functions ( pdfs ) using kernel density estimators . to compare and match image - sets , we exploit csiszar f - divergences , which bear strong connections to the geodesic distance defined on the space of pdfs , i . e ., the statistica ←
→ learning to encode motion using spatio - temporal synchrony ; we consider the task of learning to extract motion from videos . to this end , we show that the detection of spatial transformations can be viewed as the detection of synchrony between the image sequence and a sequence of features undergoing the motion we wish to detect . we show that learning about synchrony is possible using very fast , local learning rules , by introducing multiplicative " gating " interactions between hidden units across frames . this ←
→ convolutional regression for visual tracking ; recently , discriminatively learned correlation filters ( dcf ) has drawn much attention in visual object tracking community . the success of dcf is potentially attributed to the fact that a large amount of samples are utilized to train the ridge regression model and predict the location of object . to solve the regression problem in an efficient way , these samples are all generated by circularly shifting from a search patch . however , these synthetic samples also in ←
→ deep learning in remote sensing : a review ; standing at the paradigm shift towards data - intensive science , machine learning techniques are becoming increasingly important . in particular , as a major breakthrough in the field , deep learning has proven as an extremely powerful tool in many fields . shall we embrace deep learning as the key to all ? or , should we resist a ' black - box ' solution ? there are controversial opinions in the remote sensing community . in this article , we analyze the challenges of using dee ←
→ a convex similarity index for sparse recovery of missing image samples ; this paper investigates the problem of recovering missing samples using methods based on sparse representation adapted especially for image signals . instead of $ l_2 $- norm or mean square error ( mse ), a new perceptual quality measure is used as the similarity criterion between the original and the reconstructed images . the proposed criterion called convex similarity ( csim ) index is a modified version of the structural similarity ( ssim ) i ←
→ towards optimal one pass large scale learning with averaged stochastic gradient descent ; for large scale learning problems , it is desirable if we can obtain the optimal model parameters by going through the data in only one pass . polyak and juditsky ( 1992 ) showed that asymptotically the test performance of the simple average of the parameters obtained by stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) is as good as that of the parameters which minimize the empirical cost . however , to our knowledge , despite its optimal ←
→ on the use of default parameter settings in the empirical evaluation of classification algorithms ; we demonstrate that , for a range of state - of - the - art machine learning algorithms , the differences in generalisation performance obtained using default parameter settings and using parameters tuned via cross - validation can be similar in magnitude to the differences in performance observed between state - of - the - art and uncompetitive learning systems . this means that fair and rigorous evaluation of new learning ←
→ model complexity - accuracy trade - off for a convolutional neural network ; convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) has had a great success in the recent past , because of the advent of faster gpus and memory access . cnns are really powerful as they learn the features from data in layers such that they exhibit the structure of the v - 1 features of the human brain . a huge bottleneck , in this case , is that cnns are very large and have a very high memory footprint , and hence they cannot be employed on devices with limit ←
→ hybrid linear modeling via local best - fit flats ; we present a simple and fast geometric method for modeling data by a union of affine subspaces . the method begins by forming a collection of local best - fit affine subspaces , i . e ., subspaces approximating the data in local neighborhoods . the correct sizes of the local neighborhoods are determined automatically by the jones ' $\ beta_2 $ numbers ( we prove under certain geometric conditions that our method finds the optimal local neighborhoods ). the collection of ←
→ no - regret algorithms for unconstrained online convex optimization ; some of the most compelling applications of online convex optimization , including online prediction and classification , are unconstrained : the natural feasible set is r ^ n . existing algorithms fail to achieve sub - linear regret in this setting unless constraints on the comparator point x ^* are known in advance . we present algorithms that , without such prior knowledge , offer near - optimal regret bounds with respect to any choice of x ^*. in part ←
→ logic mining using neural networks ; knowledge could be gained from experts , specialists in the area of interest , or it can be gained by induction from sets of data . automatic induction of knowledge from data sets , usually stored in large databases , is called data mining . data mining methods are important in the management of complex systems . there are many technologies available to data mining practitioners , including artificial neural networks , regression , and decision trees . neural networks have been suc ←
→ distance semantics for belief revision ; a vast and interesting family of natural semantics for belief revision is defined . suppose one is given a distance d between any two models . one may then define the revision of a theory k by a formula a as the theory defined by the set of all those models of a that are closest , by d , to the set of models of k . this family is characterized by a set of rationality postulates that extends the agm postulates . the new postulates describe properties of iterated revisions .←
→ structure preserving large imagery reconstruction ; with the explosive growth of web - based cameras and mobile devices , billions of photographs are uploaded to the internet . we can trivially collect a huge number of photo streams for various goals , such as image clustering , 3d scene reconstruction , and other big data applications . however , such tasks are not easy due to the fact the retrieved photos can have large variations in their view perspectives , resolutions , lighting , noises , and distortions . fur - ther ←
→ a neural network architecture combining gated recurrent unit ( gru ) and support vector machine ( svm ) for intrusion detection in network traffic data ; gated recurrent unit ( gru ) is a recently - developed variation of the long short - term memory ( lstm ) unit , both of which are types of recurrent neural network ( rnn ). through empirical evidence , both models have been proven to be effective in a wide variety of machine learning tasks such as natural language processing ( wen et al ., 2015 ), speech recognition ( chor ←
→ evolving localizations in reaction - diffusion cellular automata ; we consider hexagonal cellular automata with immediate cell neighbourhood and three cell - states . every cell calculates its next state depending on the integral representation of states in its neighbourhood , i . e . how many neighbours are in each one state . we employ evolutionary algorithms to breed local transition functions that support mobile localizations ( gliders ), and characterize sets of the functions selected in terms of quasi - chemical sy ←
→ efficient representation of low - dimensional manifolds using deep networks ; we consider the ability of deep neural networks to represent data that lies near a low - dimensional manifold in a high - dimensional space . we show that deep networks can efficiently extract the intrinsic , low - dimensional coordinates of such data . we first show that the first two layers of a deep network can exactly embed points lying on a monotonic chain , a special type of piecewise linear manifold , mapping them to a low - dimensional ←
→ on the effects of low - quality training data on information extraction from clinical reports ; in the last five years there has been a flurry of work on information extraction from clinical documents , i . e ., on algorithms capable of extracting , from the informal and unstructured texts that are generated during everyday clinical practice , mentions of concepts relevant to such practice . most of this literature is about methods based on supervised learning , i . e ., methods for training an information extraction ←
→ sequence - based multi - lingual low resource speech recognition ; techniques for multi - lingual and cross - lingual speech recognition can help in low resource scenarios , to bootstrap systems and enable analysis of new languages and domains . end - to - end approaches , in particular sequence - based techniques , are attractive because of their simplicity and elegance . while it is possible to integrate traditional multi - lingual bottleneck feature extractors as front - ends , we show that end - to - end multi - lingual training of ←
→ crowd behavior analysis : a review where physics meets biology ; although the traits emerged in a mass gathering are often non - deliberative , the act of mass impulse may lead to irre - vocable crowd disasters . the two - fold increase of carnage in crowd since the past two decades has spurred significant advances in the field of computer vision , towards effective and proactive crowd surveillance . computer vision stud - ies related to crowd are observed to resonate with the understanding of the emergent behavior in ←
→ context encoders as a simple but powerful extension of word2vec ; with a simple architecture and the ability to learn meaningful word embeddings efficiently from texts containing billions of words , word2vec remains one of the most popular neural language models used today . however , as only a single embedding is learned for every word in the vocabulary , the model fails to optimally represent words with multiple meanings . additionally , it is not possible to create embeddings for new ( out - of - vocabulary ) words ←
→ cross - domain cnn for hyperspectral image classification ; in this paper , we address the dataset scarcity issue with the hyperspectral image classification . as only a few thousands of pixels are available for training , it is difficult to effectively learn high - capacity convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). to cope with this problem , we propose a novel cross - domain cnn containing the shared parameters which can co - learn across multiple hyperspectral datasets . the network also contains the non - shared portions ←
→ semi - supervised learning via new deep network inversion ; we exploit a recently derived inversion scheme for arbitrary deep neural networks to develop a new semi - supervised learning framework that applies to a wide range of systems and problems . the approach outperforms current state - of - the - art methods on mnist reaching $ 99 . 14 \%$ of test set accuracy while using $ 5 $ labeled examples per class . experiments with one - dimensional signals highlight the generality of the method . importantly , our approach is simpl ←
→ multi - view supervision for single - view reconstruction via differentiable ray consistency ; we study the notion of consistency between a 3d shape and a 2d observation and propose a differentiable formulation which allows computing gradients of the 3d shape given an observation from an arbitrary view . we do so by reformulating view consistency using a differentiable ray consistency ( drc ) term . we show that this formulation can be incorporated in a learning framework to leverage different types of multi - view ←
→ combining predictions from linear models when training and test inputs differ ; methods for combining predictions from different models in a supervised learning setting must somehow estimate / predict the quality of a model ' s predictions at unknown future inputs . many of these methods ( often implicitly ) make the assumption that the test inputs are identical to the training inputs , which is seldom reasonable . by failing to take into account that prediction will generally be harder for test inputs that did no ←
→ unifying the stochastic spectral descent for restricted boltzmann machines with bernoulli or gaussian inputs ; stochastic gradient descent based algorithms are typically used as the general optimization tools for most deep learning models . a restricted boltzmann machine ( rbm ) is a probabilistic generative model that can be stacked to construct deep architectures . for rbm with bernoulli inputs , non - euclidean algorithm such as stochastic spectral descent ( ssd ) has been specifically designed to speed up the ←
→ a factorized variational technique for phase unwrapping in markov random fields ; some types of medical and topographic imaging device produce images in which the pixel values are " phase - wrapped ", i . e . measured modulus a known scalar . phase unwrapping can be viewed as the problem of inferring the number of shifts between each and every pair of neighboring pixels , subject to an a priori preference for smooth surfaces , and subject to a zero curl constraint , which requires that the shifts must sum to 0 aroun ←
→ parallel genetic algorithm to solve traveling salesman problem on mapreduce framework using hadoop cluster ; traveling salesman problem ( tsp ) is one of the most common studied problems in combinatorial optimization . given the list of cities and distances between them , the problem is to find the shortest tour possible which visits all the cities in list exactly once and ends in the city where it starts . despite the traveling salesman problem is np - hard , a lot of methods and solutions are proposed to the pr ←
→ reasoning about noisy sensors and effectors in the situation calculus ; agents interacting with an incompletely known world need to be able to reason about the effects of their actions , and to gain further information about that world they need to use sensors of some sort . unfortunately , both the effects of actions and the information returned from sensors are subject to error . to cope with such uncertainties , the agent can maintain probabilistic beliefs about the state of the world . with probabilistic beli ←
→ robotic ironing with 3d perception and force / torque feedback in household environments ; as robotic systems become more popular in household environments , the complexity of required tasks also increases . in this work we focus on a domestic chore deemed dull by a majority of the population , the task of ironing . the presented algorithm improves on the limited number of previous works by joining 3d perception with force / torque sensing , with emphasis on finding a practical solution with a feasible implementat ←
→ place recognition with event - based cameras and a neural implementation of seqslam ; event - based cameras offer much potential to the fields of robotics and computer vision , in part due to their large dynamic range and extremely high " frame rates ". these attributes make them , at least in theory , particularly suitable for enabling tasks like navigation and mapping on high speed robotic platforms under challenging lighting conditions , a task which has been particularly challenging for traditional algorithms a ←
→ directional consistency for continuous numerical constraints ; bounds consistency is usually enforced on continuous constraints by first decomposing them into binary and ternary primitives . this decomposition has long been shown to drastically slow down the computation of solutions . to tackle this , benhamou et al . have introduced an algorithm that avoids formally decomposing constraints . its better efficiency compared to the former method has already been experimentally demonstrated . it is shown here that t ←
→ efficient eye typing with 9 - direction gaze estimation ; vision based text entry systems aim to help disabled people achieve text communication using eye movement . most previous methods have employed an existing eye tracker to predict gaze direction and design an input method based upon that . however , these methods can result in eye tracking quality becoming easily affected by various factors and lengthy amounts of time for calibration . our paper presents a novel efficient gaze based text input method , which ←
→ on the inductive bias of dropout ; dropout is a simple but effective technique for learning in neural networks and other settings . a sound theoretical understanding of dropout is needed to determine when dropout should be applied and how to use it most effectively . in this paper we continue the exploration of dropout as a regularizer pioneered by wager , et . al . we focus on linear classification where a convex proxy to the misclassification loss ( i . e . the logistic loss used in logistic regression ) is minimize ←
→ quantified multimodal logics in simple type theory ; we present a straightforward embedding of quantified multimodal logic in simple type theory and prove its soundness and completeness . modal operators are replaced by quantification over a type of possible worlds . we present simple experiments , using existing higher - order theorem provers , to demonstrate that the embedding allows automated proofs of statements in these logics , as well as meta properties of them .←
→ dimension reduction using active manifolds ; scientists and engineers rely on accurate mathematical models to quantify the objects of their studies , which are often high - dimensional . unfortunately , high - dimensional models are inherently difficult , i . e . when observations are sparse or expensive to determine . one way to address this problem is to approximate the original model with fewer input dimensions . our project goal was to recover a function f that takes n inputs and returns one output , where n is poten ←
→ comparing apples and oranges : two examples of the limits of statistical inference , with an application to google advertising markets ; we show how the classic cramer - rao bound limits how accurately one can simultaneously estimate values of a large number of google ad campaigns ( or similarly limit the measurement rate of many confounding a / b tests ).←
→ web usage mining using artificial ant colony clustering and genetic programming ; the rapid e - commerce growth has made both business community and customers face a new situation . due to intense competition on one hand and the customer ' s option to choose from several alternatives business community has realized the necessity of intelligent marketing strategies and relationship management . web usage mining attempts to discover useful knowledge from the secondary data obtained from the interactions of the us ←
→ communication - computation efficient gradient coding ; this paper develops coding techniques to reduce the running time of distributed learning tasks . it characterizes the fundamental tradeoff to compute gradients ( and more generally vector summations ) in terms of three parameters : computation load , straggler tolerance and communication cost . it further gives an explicit coding scheme that achieves the optimal tradeoff based on recursive polynomial constructions , coding both across data subsets and vector co ←
→ semi - supervised embedding in attributed networks with outliers ; in this paper , we propose a novel framework , called semi - supervised embedding in attributed networks with outliers ( seano ), to learn a low - dimensional vector representation that systematically captures the topological proximity , attribute affinity and label similarity of vertices in a partially labeled attributed network ( plan ). our method is designed to work in both transductive and inductive settings while explicitly alleviating noise effect ←
→ plummer autoencoders ; estimating the true density in high - dimensional feature spaces is a well - known problem in machine learning . this work shows that it is possible to formulate the optimization problem as a minimization and use the representational power of neural networks to learn very complex densities . a theoretical bound on the estimation error is given when dealing with finite number of samples . the proposed theory is corroborated by extensive experiments on different datasets and compared against s ←
→ efficient construction of neighborhood graphs by the multiple sorting method ; neighborhood graphs are gaining popularity as a concise data representation in machine learning . however , naive graph construction by pairwise distance calculation takes $ o ( n ^ 2 )$ runtime for $ n $ data points and this is prohibitively slow for millions of data points . for strings of equal length , the multiple sorting method ( uno , 2008 ) can construct an $\ epsilon $- neighbor graph in $ o ( n + m )$ time , where $ m $ is the number of $\ epsil ←
→ embed and conquer : scalable embeddings for kernel k - means on mapreduce ; the kernel $ k $- means is an effective method for data clustering which extends the commonly - used $ k $- means algorithm to work on a similarity matrix over complex data structures . the kernel $ k $- means algorithm is however computationally very complex as it requires the complete data matrix to be calculated and stored . further , the kernelized nature of the kernel $ k $- means algorithm hinders the parallelization of its computations on modern ←
→ 3d convolutional neural networks for brain tumor segmentation : a comparison of multi - resolution architectures ; this paper analyzes the use of 3d convolutional neural networks for brain tumor segmentation in mr images . we address the problem using three different architectures that combine fine and coarse features to obtain the final segmentation . we compare three different networks that use multi - resolution features in terms of both design and performance and we show that they improve their single - resolu ←
→ encoder - decoder shift - reduce syntactic parsing ; starting from nmt , encoder - decoder neu - ral networks have been used for many nlp problems . graph - based models and transition - based models borrowing the en - coder components achieve state - of - the - art performance on dependency parsing and constituent parsing , respectively . how - ever , there has not been work empirically studying the encoder - decoder neural net - works for transition - based parsing . we apply a simple encoder - decoder to this end , achieving comparable ←
→ information theoretic limits on learning stochastic differential equations ; consider the problem of learning the drift coefficient of a stochastic differential equation from a sample path . in this paper , we assume that the drift is parametrized by a high dimensional vector . we address the question of how long the system needs to be observed in order to learn this vector of parameters . we prove a general lower bound on this time complexity by using a characterization of mutual information as time integral ←
→ unsupervised multi - domain image translation with domain - specific encoders / decoders ; unsupervised image - to - image translation achieves spectacularly advanced developments nowadays . however , recent approaches mainly focus on one model with two domains , which may face heavy burdens with large cost of $ o ( n ^ 2 )$ training time and model parameters , under such a requirement that $ n $ domains are freely transferred to each other in a general setting . to address this problem , we propose a novel and unified framework ←
→ poisson noise reduction with non - local pca ; photon - limited imaging arises when the number of photons collected by a sensor array is small relative to the number of detector elements . photon limitations are an important concern for many applications such as spectral imaging , night vision , nuclear medicine , and astronomy . typically a poisson distribution is used to model these observations , and the inherent heteroscedasticity of the data combined with standard noise removal methods yields significant artifac ←
→ linguistic complexity : english vs . polish , text vs . corpus ; we analyze the rank - frequency distributions of words in selected english and polish texts . we show that for the lemmatized ( basic ) word forms the scale - invariant regime breaks after about two decades , while it might be consistent for the whole range of ranks for the inflected word forms . we also find that for a corpus consisting of texts written by different authors the basic scale - invariant regime is broken more strongly than in the case of compa ←
→ efficient optimization for hierarchically - structured interacting segments ( hints ) ; we propose an effective optimization algorithm for a general hierarchical segmentation model with geometric interactions between segments . any given tree can specify a partial order over object labels defining a hierarchy . it is well - established that segment interactions , such as inclusion / exclusion and margin constraints , make the model significantly more discriminant . however , existing optimization methods do not allow f ←
→ transferring knowledge from a rnn to a dnn ; deep neural network ( dnn ) acoustic models have yielded many state - of - the - art results in automatic speech recognition ( asr ) tasks . more recently , recurrent neural network ( rnn ) models have been shown to outperform dnns counterparts . however , state - of - the - art dnn and rnn models tend to be impractical to deploy on embedded systems with limited computational capacity . traditionally , the approach for embedded platforms is to either train a small dnn directly , or to tr ←
→ sparse signal recovery in the presence of intra - vector and inter - vector correlation ; this work discusses the problem of sparse signal recovery when there is correlation among the values of non - zero entries . we examine intra - vector correlation in the context of the block sparse model and inter - vector correlation in the context of the multiple measurement vector model , as well as their combination . algorithms based on the sparse bayesian learning are presented and the benefits of incorporating correlation ←
→ uta - poly and uta - splines : additive value functions with polynomial marginals ; additive utility function models are widely used in multiple criteria decision analysis . in such models , a numerical value is associated to each alternative involved in the decision problem . it is computed by aggregating the scores of the alternative on the different criteria of the decision problem . the score of an alternative is determined by a marginal value function that evolves monotonically as a function of the performanc ←
→ true online temporal - difference learning ; the temporal - difference methods td ($\ lambda $) and sarsa ($\ lambda $) form a core part of modern reinforcement learning . their appeal comes from their good performance , low computational cost , and their simple interpretation , given by their forward view . recently , new versions of these methods were introduced , called true online td ($\ lambda $) and true online sarsa ($\ lambda $), respectively ( van seijen & sutton , 2014 ). these new versions maintain an exact equivalence wi ←
→ image classification based on support vector machine and the fusion of complementary features ; image classification based on bow ( bag - of - words ) has broad application prospect in pattern recognition field but the shortcomings are existed because of single feature and low classification accuracy . to this end we combine three ingredients : ( i ) three features with functions of mutual complementation are adopted to describe the images , including phow ( pyramid histogram of words ), phoc ( pyramid histogram of col ←
→ to frontalize or not to frontalize : a study of face pre - processing techniques and their impact on recognition ; face recognition performance has improved remarkably in the last decade . much of this success can be attributed to the development of deep learning techniques such as convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). while cnns have pushed the state - of - the - art forward , their training process requires a large amount of clean and correctly labelled training data . if a cnn is intended to tolerate facial pose , ←
→ zero - shot task generalization with multi - task deep reinforcement learning ; as a step towards developing zero - shot task generalization capabilities in reinforcement learning ( rl ), we introduce a new rl problem where the agent should learn to execute sequences of instructions after learning useful skills that solve subtasks . in this problem , we consider two types of generalizations : to previously unseen instructions and to longer sequences of instructions . for generalization over unseen instructions , we pr ←
→ semantic motion segmentation using dense crf formulation ; while the literature has been fairly dense in the areas of scene understanding and semantic labeling there have been few works that make use of motion cues to embellish semantic performance and vice versa . in this paper , we address the problem of semantic motion segmentation , and show how semantic and motion priors augments performance . we pro - pose an algorithm that jointly infers the semantic class and motion labels of an object . integrating seman ←
→ sunrise or sunset : selective comparison learning for subtle attribute recognition ; the difficulty of image recognition has gradually increased from general category recognition to fine - grained recognition and to the recognition of some subtle attributes such as temperature and geolocation . in this paper , we try to focus on the classification between sunrise and sunset and hope to give a hint about how to tell the difference in subtle attributes . sunrise vs . sunset is a difficult recognition task , which i ←
→ c - wsl : count - guided weakly supervised localization ; we introduce a count - guided weakly supervised localization ( c - wsl ) framework with per - class object count as an additional form of image - level supervision to improve weakly supervised localization ( wsl ). c - wsl uses a simple count - based region selection algorithm to select high quality regions , each of which covers a single object instance at training time , and improves wsl by training with the selected regions . to demonstrate the effectiveness of c - wsl , we ←
→ on the semantics and automated deduction for plfc , a logic of possibilistic uncertainty and fuzziness ; possibilistic logic is a well - known graded logic of uncertainty suitable to reason under incomplete information and partially inconsistent knowledge , which is built upon classical first order logic . there exists for possibilistic logic a proof procedure based on a refutation complete resolution - style calculus . recently , a syntactical extension of first order possibilistic logic ( called plfc ) dealing wit ←
→ theory of the superposition principle for randomized connectionist representations in neural networks ; to understand cognitive reasoning in the brain , it has been proposed that symbols and compositions of symbols are represented by activity patterns ( vectors ) in a large population of neurons . formal models implementing this idea [ plate 2003 ], [ kanerva 2009 ], [ gayler 2003 ], [ eliasmith 2012 ] include a reversible superposition operation for representing with a single vector an entire set of symbols or an or ←
→ multi - modal factorized bilinear pooling with co - attention learning for visual question answering ; visual question answering ( vqa ) is challenging because it requires a simultaneous understanding of both the visual content of images and the textual content of questions . the approaches used to represent the images and questions in a fine - grained manner and questions and to fuse these multi - modal features play key roles in performance . bilinear pooling based models have been shown to outperform traditional l ←
→ familia : an open - source toolkit for industrial topic modeling ; familia is an open - source toolkit for pragmatic topic modeling in industry . familia abstracts the utilities of topic modeling in industry as two paradigms : semantic representation and semantic matching . efficient implementations of the two paradigms are made publicly available for the first time . furthermore , we provide off - the - shelf topic models trained on large - scale industrial corpora , including latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ), sentencelda ←
→ separable and transitive graphoids ; we examine three probabilistic formulations of the sentence a and b are totally unrelated with respect to a given set of variables u . first , two variables a and b are totally independent if they are independent given any value of any subset of the variables in u . second , two variables are totally uncoupled if u can be partitioned into two marginally independent sets containing a and b respectively . third , two variables are totally disconnected if the corresponding nodes ←
→ skin lesion classification using deep multi - scale convolutional neural networks ; we present a deep learning approach to the isic 2017 skin lesion classification challenge using a multi - scale convolutional neural network . our approach utilizes an inception - v3 network pre - trained on the imagenet dataset , which is fine - tuned for skin lesion classification using two different scales of input images .←
→ a note on zipf ' s law , natural languages , and noncoding dna regions ; in phys . rev . letters ( 73 : 2 , 5 dec . 94 ), mantegna et al . conclude on the basis of zipf rank frequency data that noncoding dna sequence regions are more like natural languages than coding regions . we argue on the contrary that an empirical fit to zipf ' s `` law '' cannot be used as a criterion for similarity to natural languages . although dna is a presumably an `` organized system of signs '' in mandelbrot ' s ( 1961 ) sense , an observation of stati ←
→ novel deviation bounds for mixture of independent bernoulli variables with application to the missing mass ; in this paper , we are concerned with obtaining distribution - free concentration inequalities for mixture of independent bernoulli variables that incorporate a notion of variance . missing mass is the total probability mass associated to the outcomes that have not been seen in a given sample which is an important quantity that connects density estimates obtained from a sample to the population for dis ←
→ visual forecasting by imitating dynamics in natural sequences ; we introduce a general framework for visual forecasting , which directly imitates visual sequences without additional supervision . as a result , our model can be applied at several semantic levels and does not require any domain knowledge or handcrafted features . we achieve this by formulating visual forecasting as an inverse reinforcement learning ( irl ) problem , and directly imitate the dynamics in natural sequences from their raw pixel values . ←
→ gradient estimation with simultaneous perturbation and compressive sensing ; this paper aims at achieving a " good " estimator for the gradient of a function on a high - dimensional space . often such functions are not sensitive in all coordinates and the gradient of the function is almost sparse . we propose a method for gradient estimation that combines ideas from spall ' s simultaneous perturbation stochastic approximation with compressive sensing . the aim is to obtain " good " estimator without too many functio ←
→ node centralities and classification performance for characterizing node embedding algorithms ; embedding graph nodes into a vector space can allow the use of machine learning to e . g . predict node classes , but the study of node embedding algorithms is immature compared to the natural language processing field because of a diverse nature of graphs . we examine the performance of node embedding algorithms with respect to graph centrality measures that characterize diverse graphs , through systematic experimen ←
→ ensembling factored neural machine translation models for automatic post - editing and quality estimation ; this work presents a novel approach to automatic post - editing ( ape ) and word - level quality estimation ( qe ) using ensembles of specialized neural machine translation ( nmt ) systems . word - level features that have proven effective for qe are included as input factors , expanding the representation of the original source and the machine translation hypothesis , which are used to generate an automatically pos ←
→ hybrid neural network architecture for on - line learning ; approaches to machine intelligence based on brain models have stressed the use of neural networks for generalization . here we propose the use of a hybrid neural network architecture that uses two kind of neural networks simultaneously : ( i ) a surface learning agent that quickly adapt to new modes of operation ; and , ( ii ) a deep learning agent that is very accurate within a specific regime of operation . the two networks of the hybrid architecture perfor ←
→ object localization in imagenet by looking out of the window ; we propose a method for annotating the location of objects in imagenet . traditionally , this is cast as an image window classification problem , where each window is considered independently and scored based on its appearance alone . instead , we propose a method which scores each candidate window in the context of all other windows in the image , taking into account their similarity in appearance space as well as their spatial relations in the image ←
→ a hierarchical approach for joint multi - view object pose estimation and categorization ; we propose a joint object pose estimation and categorization approach which extracts information about object poses and categories from the object parts and compositions constructed at different layers of a hierarchical object representation algorithm , namely learned hierarchy of parts ( lhop ). in the proposed approach , we first employ the lhop to learn hierarchical part libraries which represent entity parts and compo ←
→ improving spectral clustering using the asymptotic value of the normalised cut ; spectral clustering is a popular and versatile clustering method based on a relaxation of the normalised graph cut objective . despite its popularity , however , there is no single agreed upon method for tuning the important scaling parameter , nor for determining automatically the number of clusters to extract . popular heuristics exist , but corresponding theoretical results are scarce . in this paper we investigate the asymptotic ←
→ adaptive neighboring selection algorithm based on curvature prediction in manifold learning ; recently manifold learning algorithm for dimensionality reduction attracts more and more interests , and various linear and nonlinear , global and local algorithms are proposed . the key step of manifold learning algorithm is the neighboring region selection . however , so far for the references we know , few of which propose a generally accepted algorithm to well select the neighboring region . so in this paper , we pro ←
→ solving traveling salesman problem by marker method ; in this paper we use marker method and propose a new mutation operator that selects the nearest neighbor among all near neighbors solving traveling salesman problem .←
→ sparse bilinear logistic regression ; in this paper , we introduce the concept of sparse bilinear logistic regression for decision problems involving explanatory variables that are two - dimensional matrices . such problems are common in computer vision , brain - computer interfaces , style / content factorization , and parallel factor analysis . the underlying optimization problem is bi - convex ; we study its solution and develop an efficient algorithm based on block coordinate descent . we provide a theoretical guarante ←
→ multiplierless modules for forward and backward integer wavelet transform ; this article is about the architecture of a lossless wavelet filter bank with reprogrammable logic . it is based on second generation of wavelets with a reduced of number of operations . a new basic structure for parallel architecture and modules to forward and backward integer discrete wavelet transform is proposed .←
→ expressibility of norms in temporal logic ; in this short note we address the issue of expressing norms ( such as obligations and prohibitions ) in temporal logic . in particular , we address the argument from [ governatori 2015 ] that norms cannot be expressed in linear time temporal logic ( ltl ).←
→ knowledge - based recurrent attentive neural network for traffic sign detection ; accurate traffic sign detection ( tsd ) can help drivers make better decision according to the traffic regulations . tsd , regarded as a typical small object detection problem in some way , is fundamental in the field of self - driving and advanced driver assistance systems . however , small object detection is still an open question . in this paper , we proposed a human brain inspired network to handle this problem . attention mechanism ←
→ object classification in images of neoclassical artifacts using deep learning ; in this paper , we report on our efforts for using deep learning for classifying artifacts and their features in digital visuals as a part of the neoclassica framework . it was conceived to provide scholars with new methods for analyzing and classifying artifacts and aesthetic forms from the era of classicism . the framework accommodates both traditional knowledge representation as a formal ontology and data - driven knowledge disc ←
→ collaborative deep reinforcement learning for joint object search ; we examine the problem of joint top - down active search of multiple objects under interaction , e . g ., person riding a bicycle , cups held by the table , etc .. such objects under interaction often can provide contextual cues to each other to facilitate more efficient search . by treating each detector as an agent , we present the first collaborative multi - agent deep reinforcement learning algorithm to learn the optimal policy for joint active obje ←
→ trading the twitter sentiment with reinforcement learning ; this paper is to explore the possibility to use alternative data and artificial intelligence techniques to trade stocks . the efficacy of the daily twitter sentiment on predicting the stock return is examined using machine learning methods . reinforcement learning ( q - learning ) is applied to generate the optimal trading policy based on the sentiment signal . the predicting power of the sentiment signal is more significant if the stock price is driven by ←
→ achieving human parity on automatic chinese to english news translation ; machine translation has made rapid advances in recent years . millions of people are using it today in online translation systems and mobile applications in order to communicate across language barriers . the question naturally arises whether such systems can approach or achieve parity with human translations . in this paper , we first address the problem of how to define and accurately measure human parity in translation . we then describ ←
→ time resolution dependence of information measures for spiking neurons : atoms , scaling , and universality ; the mutual information between stimulus and spike - train response is commonly used to monitor neural coding efficiency , but neuronal computation broadly conceived requires more refined and targeted information measures of input - output joint processes . a first step towards that larger goal is to develop information measures for individual output processes , including information generation ( entropy rate ←
→ comparing nonparametric bayesian tree priors for clonal reconstruction of tumors ; statistical machine learning methods , especially nonparametric bayesian methods , have become increasingly popular to infer clonal population structure of tumors . here we describe the treecrp , an extension of the chinese restaurant process ( crp ), a popular construction used in nonparametric mixture models , to infer the phylogeny and genotype of major subclonal lineages represented in the population of cancer cells . we also p ←
→ performance of stanford and minipar parser on biomedical texts ; in this paper , the performance of two dependency parsers , namely stanford and minipar , on biomedical texts has been reported . the performance of te parsers to assignm dependencies between two biomedical concepts that are already proved to be connected is not satisfying . both stanford and minipar , being statistical parsers , fail to assign dependency relation between two connected concepts if they are distant by at least one clause . minipar ' s pe ←
→ learning lingam based on data with more variables than observations ; a very important topic in systems biology is developing statistical methods that automatically find causal relations in gene regulatory networks with no prior knowledge of causal connectivity . many methods have been developed for time series data . however , discovery methods based on steady - state data are often necessary and preferable since obtaining time series data can be more expensive and / or infeasible for many biological systems . a c ←
→ hep - 2 cell classification : the role of gaussian scale space theory as a pre - processing approach ; \ textit { indirect immunofluorescence imaging of human epithelial type 2 } ( hep - 2 ) cells is an effective way to identify the presence of anti - nuclear antibody ( ana ). most existing works on hep - 2 cell classification mainly focus on feature extraction , feature encoding and classifier design . very few efforts have been devoted to study the importance of the pre - processing techniques . in this paper , we analyze the i ←
→ comparison of machine learning methods for classifying mediastinal lymph node metastasis of non - small cell lung cancer from 18f - fdg pet / ct images ; the present study shows that the performance of cnn is not significantly different from the best classical methods and human doctors for classifying mediastinal lymph node metastasis of nsclc from pet / ct images . because cnn does not need tumor segmentation or feature calculation , it is more convenient and more objective than the classical methods . however , cnn ←
→ deep bcd - net using identical encoding - decoding cnn structures for iterative image recovery ; in " extreme " computational imaging that collects extremely undersampled or noisy measurements , obtaining an accurate image within a reasonable computing time is challenging . incorporating image mapping convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) to iterative image recovery has great potential to resolve this issue . this paper 1 ) incorporates image mapping cnn using identical convolutional kernels in both encoders and deco ←
→ weight initialization of deep neural networks ( dnns ) using data statistics ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) form the backbone of almost every state - of - the - art technique in the fields such as computer vision , speech processing , and text analysis . the recent advances in computational technology have made the use of dnns more practical . despite the overwhelming performances by dnn and the advances in computational technology , it is seen that very few researchers try to train their models from the scratch . traini ←
→ piecewise linear multilayer perceptrons and dropout ; we propose a new type of hidden layer for a multilayer perceptron , and demonstrate that it obtains the best reported performance for an mlp on the mnist dataset .←
→ superior exploration - exploitation balance with quantum - inspired hadamard walks ; this paper extends the analogies employed in the development of quantum - inspired evolutionary algorithms by proposing quantum - inspired hadamard walks , called qhw . a novel quantum - inspired evolutionary algorithm , called hqea , for solving combinatorial optimization problems , is also proposed . the novelty of hqea lies in it ' s incorporation of qhw remote search and qhw local search - the quantum equivalents of classical mutation ←
→ person recognition in social media photos ; people nowadays share large parts of their personal lives through social media . being able to automatically recognise people in personal photos may greatly enhance user convenience by easing photo album organisation . for human identification task , however , traditional focus of computer vision has been face recognition and pedestrian re - identification . person recognition in social media photos sets new challenges for computer vision , including non - cooperative subje ←
→ constructing a natural language inference dataset using generative neural networks ; natural language inference is an important task for natural language understanding . it is concerned with classifying the logical relation between two sentences . in this paper , we propose several text generative neural networks for generating text hypothesis , which allows construction of new natural language inference datasets . to evaluate the models , we propose a new metric -- the accuracy of the classifier trained on the ←
→ optical flow on evolving surfaces with space and time regularisation ; we extend the concept of optical flow with spatiotemporal regularisation to a dynamic non - euclidean setting . optical flow is traditionally computed from a sequence of flat images . the purpose of this paper is to introduce variational motion estimation for images that are defined on an evolving surface . volumetric microscopy images depicting a live zebrafish embryo serve as both biological motivation and test data .←
→ inference in deep networks in high dimensions ; deep generative networks provide a powerful tool for modeling complex data in a wide range of applications . in inverse problems that use these networks as generative priors on data , one must often perform inference of the inputs of the networks from the outputs . inference is also required for sampling during stochastic training on these generative models . this paper considers inference in a deep stochastic neural network where the parameters ( e . g ., weights , bi ←
→ deepmind control suite ; the deepmind control suite is a set of continuous control tasks with a standardised structure and interpretable rewards , intended to serve as performance benchmarks for reinforcement learning agents . the tasks are written in python and powered by the mujoco physics engine , making them easy to use and modify . we include benchmarks for several learning algorithms . the control suite is publicly available at https :// www . github . com / deepmind / dm_control . a video summary of all tasks is av ←
→ compute less to get more : using orc to improve sparse filtering ; sparse filtering is a popular feature learning algorithm for image classification pipelines . in this paper , we connect the performance of sparse filtering with spectral properties of the corresponding feature matrices . this connection provides new insights into sparse filtering ; in particular , it suggests early stopping of sparse filtering . we therefore introduce the optimal roundness criterion ( orc ), a novel stopping criterion for sparse fil ←
→ cross - age lfw : a database for studying cross - age face recognition in unconstrained environments ; labeled faces in the wild ( lfw ) database has been widely utilized as the benchmark of unconstrained face verification and due to big data driven machine learning methods , the performance on the database approaches nearly 100 %. however , we argue that this accuracy may be too optimistic because of some limiting factors . besides different poses , illuminations , occlusions and expressions , cross - age face is anothe ←
→ scalable matrix - valued kernel learning for high - dimensional nonlinear multivariate regression and granger causality ; we propose a general matrix - valued multiple kernel learning framework for high - dimensional nonlinear multivariate regression problems . this framework allows a broad class of mixed norm regularizers , including those that induce sparsity , to be imposed on a dictionary of vector - valued reproducing kernel hilbert spaces . we develop a highly scalable and eigendecomposition - free algorithm that o ←
→ edge based grid super - imposition for crowd emotion recognition ; numerous automatic continuous emotion detection system studies have examined mostly use of videos and images containing individual person expressing emotions . this study examines the detection of spontaneous emotions in a group and crowd settings . edge detection was used with a grid of lines superimposition to extract the features . the feature movement in terms of movement from the reference point was used to track across sequences of images f ←
→ left ventricle segmentation in cardiac mr images using fully convolutional network ; medical image analysis , especially segmenting a specific organ , has an important role in developing clinical decision support systems . in cardiac magnetic resonance ( mr ) imaging , segmenting the left and right ventricles helps physicians diagnose different heart abnormalities . there are challenges for this task , including the intensity and shape similarity between left ventricle and other organs , inaccurate boundaries and ←
→ setting up a reinforcement learning task with a real - world robot ; reinforcement learning is a promising approach to developing hard - to - engineer adaptive solutions for complex and diverse robotic tasks . however , learning with real - world robots is often unreliable and difficult , which resulted in their low adoption in reinforcement learning research . this difficulty is worsened by the lack of guidelines for setting up learning tasks with robots . in this work , we develop a learning task with a ur5 robotic arm ←
→ wavelet residual network for low - dose ct via deep convolutional framelets ; model based iterative reconstruction ( mbir ) algorithms for low - dose x - ray ct are computationally expensive . to address this problem , we recently proposed the world - first deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) for low - dose x - ray ct and won the second place in 2016 aapm low - dose ct grand challenge . however , some of the texture were not fully recovered . to cope with this problem , here we propose a deep residual learning approach in ←
→ value prediction network ; this paper proposes a novel deep reinforcement learning ( rl ) architecture , called value prediction network ( vpn ), which integrates model - free and model - based rl methods into a single neural network . in contrast to typical model - based rl methods , vpn learns a dynamics model whose abstract states are trained to make option - conditional predictions of future values ( discounted sum of rewards ) rather than of future observations . our experimental results show that vpn has several advant ←
→ a harmony search based wrapper feature selection method for holistic bangla word recognition ; a lot of search approaches have been explored for the selection of features in pattern classification domain in order to discover significant subset of the features which produces better accuracy . in this paper , we introduced a harmony search ( hs ) algorithm based feature selection method for feature dimensionality reduction in handwritten bangla word recognition problem . this algorithm has been implemented to re ←
→ automatic discovery , association estimation and learning of semantic attributes for a thousand categories ; attribute - based recognition models , due to their impressive performance and their ability to generalize well on novel categories , have been widely adopted for many computer vision applications . however , usually both the attribute vocabulary and the class - attribute associations have to be provided manually by domain experts or large number of annotators . this is very costly and not necessarily optima ←
→ named entity disambiguation for noisy text ; we address the task of named entity disambiguation ( ned ) for noisy text . we present wikilinksned , a large - scale ned dataset of text fragments from the web , which is significantly noisier and more challenging than existing news - based datasets . to capture the limited and noisy local context surrounding each mention , we design a neural model and train it with a novel method for sampling informative negative examples . we also describe a new way of initializing word a ←
→ attention - sensitive alerting ; we introduce utility - directed procedures for mediating the flow of potentially distracting alerts and communications to computer users . we present models and inference procedures that balance the context - sensitive costs of deferring alerts with the cost of interruption . we describe the challenge of reasoning about such costs under uncertainty via an analysis of user activity and the content of notifications . after introducing principles of attention - sensitive alerting , we focu ←
→ blocks and fuel : frameworks for deep learning ; we introduce two python frameworks to train neural networks on large datasets : blocks and fuel . blocks is based on theano , a linear algebra compiler with cuda - support . it facilitates the training of complex neural network models by providing parametrized theano operations , attaching metadata to theano ' s symbolic computational graph , and providing an extensive set of utilities to assist training the networks , e . g . training algorithms , logging , monitoring , visua ←
→ sparse signal subspace decomposition based on adaptive over - complete dictionary ; this paper proposes a subspace decomposition method based on an over - complete dictionary in sparse representation , called " sparse signal subspace decomposition " ( or 3sd ) method . this method makes use of a novel criterion based on the occurrence frequency of atoms of the dictionary over the data set . this criterion , well adapted to subspace - decomposition over a dependent basis set , adequately re ects the intrinsic characteris ←
→ self - configuring and evolving fuzzy image thresholding ; every segmentation algorithm has parameters that need to be adjusted in order to achieve good results . evolving fuzzy systems for adjustment of segmentation parameters have been proposed recently ( evolving fuzzy image segmentation -- efis [ 1 ]. however , similar to any other algorithm , efis too suffers from a few limitations when used in practice . as a major drawback , efis depends on detection of the object of interest for feature calculation , a task th ←
→ evt_mnist : a spike based version of traditional mnist ; benchmarks and datasets have important role in evaluation of machine learning algorithms and neural network implementations . traditional dataset for images such as mnist is applied to evaluate efficiency of different training algorithms in neural networks . this demand is different in spiking neural networks ( snn ) as they require spiking inputs . it is widely believed , in the biological cortex the timing of spikes is irregular . poisson distributions prov ←
→ joint color - spatial - directional clustering and region merging ( jcsd - rm ) for unsupervised rgb - d image segmentation ; recent advances in depth imaging sensors provide easy access to the synchronized depth with color , called rgb - d image . in this paper , we propose an unsupervised method for indoor rgb - d image segmentation and analysis . we consider a statistical image generation model based on the color and geometry of the scene . our method consists of a joint color - spatial - directional clustering method follow ←
→ ubl : an r package for utility - based learning ; this document describes the r package ubl that allows the use of several methods for handling utility - based learning problems . classification and regression problems that assume non - uniform costs and / or benefits pose serious challenges to predictive analytic tasks . in the context of meteorology , finance , medicine , ecology , among many other , specific domain information concerning the preference bias of the users must be taken into account to enhance the models p ←
→ an optimal method for wake detection in sar images using radon transformation combined with wavelet filters ; a new fangled method for ship wake detection in synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) images is explored here . most of the detection procedure applies the radon transform as its properties outfit more than any other transformation for the detection purpose . but still it holds problems when the transform is applied to an image with a high level of noise . here this paper articulates the combination between ←
→ when ignorance is bliss ; it is commonly - accepted wisdom that more information is better , and that information should never be ignored . here we argue , using both a bayesian and a non - bayesian analysis , that in some situations you are better off ignoring information if your uncertainty is represented by a set of probability measures . these include situations in which the information is relevant for the prediction task at hand . in the non - bayesian analysis , we show how ignoring information avoids dilation , th ←
→ a unified implicit dialog framework for conversational search ; we propose a unified implicit dialog framework for goal - oriented , information seeking tasks of conversational search applications . it aims to enable dialog interactions with domain data without replying on explicitly encoded the rules but utilizing the underlying data representation to build the components required for dialog interaction , which we refer as implicit dialog in this work . the proposed framework consists of a pipeline of end - to - end ←
→ mixed context networks for semantic segmentation ; semantic segmentation is challenging as it requires both object - level information and pixel - level accuracy . recently , fcn - based systems gained great improvement in this area . unlike classification networks , combining features of different layers plays an important role in these dense prediction models , as these features contains information of different levels . a number of models have been proposed to show how to use these features . however , what is the bes ←
→ ultrametric and generalized ultrametric in computational logic and in data analysis ; following a review of metric , ultrametric and generalized ultrametric , we review their application in data analysis . we show how they allow us to explore both geometry and topology of information , starting with measured data . some themes are then developed based on the use of metric , ultrametric and generalized ultrametric in logic . in particular we study approximation chains in an ultrametric or generalized ultrametric ←
→ max - margin stacking and sparse regularization for linear classifier combination and selection ; the main principle of stacked generalization ( or stacking ) is using a second - level generalizer to combine the outputs of base classifiers in an ensemble . in this paper , we investigate different combination types under the stacking framework ; namely weighted sum ( ws ), class - dependent weighted sum ( cws ) and linear stacked generalization ( lsg ). for learning the weights , we propose using regularized empirical risk ←
→ fast and scalable distributed deep convolutional autoencoder for fmri big data analytics ; in recent years , analyzing task - based fmri ( tfmri ) data has become an essential tool for understanding brain function and networks . however , due to the sheer size of tfmri data , its intrinsic complex structure , and lack of ground truth of underlying neural activities , modeling tfmri data is hard and challenging . previously proposed data - modeling methods including independent component analysis ( ica ) and sparse dicti ←
→ deep convolutional neural networks on cartoon functions ; wiatowski and b \" olcskei , 2015 , proved that deformation stability and vertical translation invariance of deep convolutional neural network - based feature extractors are guaranteed by the network structure per se rather than the specific convolution kernels and non - linearities . while the translation invariance result applies to square - integrable functions , the deformation stability bound holds for band - limited functions only . many signals of practical ←
→ detection and emergence ; two different conceptions of emergence are reconciled as two instances of the phenomenon of detection . in the process of comparing these two conceptions , we find that the notions of complexity and detection allow us to form a unified definition of emergence that clearly delineates the role of the observer .←
→ stable models and an alternative logic programming paradigm ; in this paper we reexamine the place and role of stable model semantics in logic programming and contrast it with a least herbrand model approach to horn programs . we demonstrate that inherent features of stable model semantics naturally lead to a logic programming system that offers an interesting alternative to more traditional logic programming styles of horn logic programming , stratified logic programming and logic programming with well - found ←
→ coalition - based planning of military operations : adversarial reasoning algorithms in an integrated decision aid ; use of knowledge - based planning tools can help alleviate the challenges of planning a complex operation by a coalition of diverse parties in an adversarial environment . we explore these challenges and potential contributions of knowledge - based tools using as an example the cadet system , a knowledge - based tool capable of producing automatically ( or with human guidance ) battle plans with realist ←
→ scalable co - optimization of morphology and control in embodied machines ; evolution sculpts both the body plans and nervous systems of agents together over time . in contrast , in ai and robotics , a robot ' s body plan is usually designed by hand , and control policies are then optimized for that fixed design . the task of simultaneously co - optimizing the morphology and controller of an embodied robot has remained a challenge . in psychology , the theory of embodied cognition posits that behavior arises from a clos ←
→ newton - type methods for inference in higher - order markov random fields ; linear programming relaxations are central to {\ sc map } inference in discrete markov random fields . the ability to properly solve the lagrangian dual is a critical component of such methods . in this paper , we study the benefit of using newton - type methods to solve the lagrangian dual of a smooth version of the problem . we investigate their ability to achieve superior convergence behavior and to better handle the ill - conditioned nature ←
→ badrex : in situ expansion and coreference of biomedical abbreviations using dynamic regular expressions ; badrex uses dynamically generated regular expressions to annotate term definition - term abbreviation pairs , and corefers unpaired acronyms and abbreviations back to their initial definition in the text . against the medstract corpus badrex achieves precision and recall of 98 % and 97 %, and against a much larger corpus , 90 % and 85 %, respectively . badrex yields improved performance over previous approaches ←
→ vibnn : hardware acceleration of bayesian neural networks ; bayesian neural networks ( bnns ) have been proposed to address the problem of model uncertainty in training and inference . by introducing weights associated with conditioned probability distributions , bnns are capable of resolving the overfitting issue commonly seen in conventional neural networks and allow for small - data training , through the variational inference process . frequent usage of gaussian random variables in this process requires a proper ←
→ variance - based gradient compression for efficient distributed deep learning ; due to the substantial computational cost , training state - of - the - art deep neural networks for large - scale datasets often requires distributed training using multiple computation workers . however , by nature , workers need to frequently communicate gradients , causing severe bottlenecks , especially on lower bandwidth connections . a few methods have been proposed to compress gradient for efficient communication , but they either suffe ←
→ a quasi - isometric embedding algorithm ; the whitney embedding theorem gives an upper bound on the smallest embedding dimension of a manifold . if a data set lies on a manifold , a random projection into this reduced dimension will retain the manifold structure . here we present an algorithm to find a projection that distorts the data as little as possible .←
→ cascaded face alignment via intimacy definition feature ; in this paper , we present a random - forest based fast cascaded regression model for face alignment , via a novel local feature . our proposed local lightweight feature , namely intimacy definition feature ( idf ), is more discriminative than landmark pose - indexed feature , more efficient than histogram of oriented gradients ( hog ) feature and scale - invariant feature transform ( sift ) feature , and more compact than the local binary feature ( lbf ). experimental ←
→ influence maximization with bandits ; we consider the problem of \ emph { influence maximization }, the problem of maximizing the number of people that become aware of a product by finding the ` best ' set of ` seed ' users to expose the product to . most prior work on this topic assumes that we know the probability of each user influencing each other user , or we have data that lets us estimate these influences . however , this information is typically not initially available or is difficult to obtain . to avoid this a ←
→ a convex feature learning formulation for latent task structure discovery ; this paper considers the multi - task learning problem and in the setting where some relevant features could be shared across few related tasks . most of the existing methods assume the extent to which the given tasks are related or share a common feature space to be known apriori . in real - world applications however , it is desirable to automatically discover the groups of related tasks that share a feature space . in this paper we aim ←
→ continuous online sequence learning with an unsupervised neural network model ; the ability to recognize and predict temporal sequences of sensory inputs is vital for survival in natural environments . based on many known properties of cortical neurons , hierarchical temporal memory ( htm ) sequence memory is recently proposed as a theoretical framework for sequence learning in the cortex . in this paper , we analyze properties of htm sequence memory and apply it to sequence learning and prediction problems wit ←
→ a broad - coverage challenge corpus for sentence understanding through inference ; this paper introduces the multi - genre natural language inference ( multinli ) corpus , a dataset designed for use in the development and evaluation of machine learning models for sentence understanding . in addition to being one of the largest corpora available for the task of nli , at 433k examples , this corpus improves upon available resources in its coverage : it offers data from ten distinct genres of written and spoken english ←
→ non - iterative rigid 2d / 3d point - set registration using semidefinite programming ; we describe a convex programming framework for pose estimation in 2d / 3d point - set registration with unknown point correspondences . we give two mixed - integer nonlinear program ( minp ) formulations of the 2d / 3d registration problem when there are multiple 2d images , and propose convex relaxations for both of the minps to semidefinite programs ( sdp ) that can be solved efficiently by interior point methods . our approach to the 2d ←
→ ss4mct : a statistical stemmer for morphologically complex texts ; there have been multiple attempts to resolve various inflection matching problems in information retrieval . stemming is a common approach to this end . among many techniques for stemming , statistical stemming has been shown to be effective in a number of languages , particularly highly inflected languages . in this paper we propose a method for finding affixes in different positions of a word . common statistical techniques heavily rely on string ←
→ modeling the role of context dependency in the recognition and manifestation of entrepreneurial opportunity ; the paper uses the scop theory of concepts to model the role of environmental context on three levels of entrepreneurial opportunity : idea generation , idea development , and entrepreneurial decision . the role of contextual - fit in the generation and development of ideas is modeled as the collapse of their superposition state into one of the potential states that composes this superposition . the proj ←
→ a new 2 . 5d representation for lymph node detection using random sets of deep convolutional neural network observations ; automated lymph node ( ln ) detection is an important clinical diagnostic task but very challenging due to the low contrast of surrounding structures in computed tomography ( ct ) and to their varying sizes , poses , shapes and sparsely distributed locations . state - of - the - art studies show the performance range of 52 . 9 % sensitivity at 3 . 1 false - positives per volume ( fp / vol .), or 60 . 9 % at 6 . 1 f ←
→ unsupervised learning of video representations using lstms ; we use multilayer long short term memory ( lstm ) networks to learn representations of video sequences . our model uses an encoder lstm to map an input sequence into a fixed length representation . this representation is decoded using single or multiple decoder lstms to perform different tasks , such as reconstructing the input sequence , or predicting the future sequence . we experiment with two kinds of input sequences - patches of image pixels and hig ←
→ multivariate gaussian and student $- t $ process regression for multi - output prediction ; gaussian process for vector - valued function model has been shown to be a useful method for multi - output prediction . the existing method for this model is to re - formulate the matrix - variate gaussian distribution as a multivariate normal distribution . although it is effective in many cases , re - formulation is not always workable and difficult to extend because not all matrix - variate distributions can be transformed to rela ←
→ provably correct algorithms for matrix column subset selection with selectively sampled data ; we consider the problem of matrix column subset selection , which selects a subset of columns from an input matrix such that the input can be well approximated by the span of the selected columns . column subset selection has been applied to numerous real - world data applications such as population genetics summarization , electronic circuits testing and recommendation systems . in many applications the complete data ←
→ estimating total search space size for specific piece sets in chess ; automatic chess problem or puzzle composition typically involves generating and testing various different positions , sometimes using particular piece sets . once a position has been generated , it is then usually tested for positional legality based on the game rules . however , it is useful to be able to estimate what the search space size for particular piece combinations is to begin with . so if a desirable chess problem was successfully ge ←
→ what drives the international development agenda ? an nlp analysis of the united nations general debate 1970 - 2016 ; there is surprisingly little known about agenda setting for international development in the united nations ( un ) despite it having a significant influence on the process and outcomes of development efforts . this paper addresses this shortcoming using a novel approach that applies natural language processing techniques to countries ' annual statements in the un general debate . every year un mem ←
→ deep triphone embedding improves phoneme recognition ; in this paper , we present a novel deep triphone embedding ( dte ) representation derived from deep neural network ( dnn ) to encapsulate the discriminative information present in the adjoining speech frames . dtes are generated using a four hidden layer dnn with 3000 nodes in each hidden layer at the first - stage . this dnn is trained with the tied - triphone classification accuracy as an optimization criterion . thereafter , we retain the activation vectors ( 3000 ←
→ efficient reinforcement learning via initial pure exploration ; in several realistic situations , an interactive learning agent can practice and refine its strategy before going on to be evaluated . for instance , consider a student preparing for a series of tests . she would typically take a few practice tests to know which areas she needs to improve upon . based of the scores she obtains in these practice tests , she would formulate a strategy for maximizing her scores in the actual tests . we treat this scenari ←
→ where to look : focus regions for visual question answering ; we present a method that learns to answer visual questions by selecting image regions relevant to the text - based query . our method exhibits significant improvements in answering questions such as " what color ," where it is necessary to evaluate a specific location , and " what room ," where it selectively identifies informative image regions . our model is tested on the vqa dataset which is the largest human - annotated visual question answering dataset ←
→ pattern recognition for conditionally independent data ; in this work we consider the task of relaxing the i . i . d assumption in pattern recognition ( or classification ), aiming to make existing learning algorithms applicable to a wider range of tasks . pattern recognition is guessing a discrete label of some object based on a set of given examples ( pairs of objects and labels ). we consider the case of deterministically defined labels . traditionally , this task is studied under the assumption that examples are i ←
→ discourse - aware rumour stance classification in social media using sequential classifiers ; rumour stance classification , defined as classifying the stance of specific social media posts into one of supporting , denying , querying or commenting on an earlier post , is becoming of increasing interest to researchers . while most previous work has focused on using individual tweets as classifier inputs , here we report on the performance of sequential classifiers that exploit the discourse features inherent in so ←
→ neural network approach to railway stand lateral skew control ; the paper presents a study of an adaptive approach to lateral skew control for an experimental railway stand . the preliminary experiments with the real experimental railway stand and simulations with its 3 - d mechanical model , indicates difficulties of model - based control of the device . thus , use of neural networks for identification and control of lateral skew shall be investigated . this paper focuses on real - data based modeling of the railway ←
→ post - inference prior swapping ; while bayesian methods are praised for their ability to incorporate useful prior knowledge , in practice , convenient priors that allow for computationally cheap or tractable inference are commonly used . in this paper , we investigate the following question : for a given model , is it possible to compute an inference result with any convenient false prior , and afterwards , given any target prior of interest , quickly transform this result into the target posterior ? a potential solut ←
→ a deep reinforcement learning chatbot ( short version ) ; we present milabot : a deep reinforcement learning chatbot developed by the montreal institute for learning algorithms ( mila ) for the amazon alexa prize competition . milabot is capable of conversing with humans on popular small talk topics through both speech and text . the system consists of an ensemble of natural language generation and retrieval models , including neural network and template - based models . by applying reinforcement learning to crowdsour ←
→ surpassing human - level face verification performance on lfw with gaussianface ; face verification remains a challenging problem in very complex conditions with large variations such as pose , illumination , expression , and occlusions . this problem is exacerbated when we rely unrealistically on a single training data source , which is often insufficient to cover the intrinsically complex face variations . this paper proposes a principled multi - task learning approach based on discriminative gaussian process lat ←
→ early detection of breast cancer using svm classifier technique ; this paper presents a tumor detection algorithm from mammogram . the proposed system focuses on the solution of two problems . one is how to detect tumors as suspicious regions with a very weak contrast to their background and another is how to extract features which categorize tumors . the tumor detection method follows the scheme of ( a ) mammogram enhancement . ( b ) the segmentation of the tumor area . ( c ) the extraction of features from the segme ←
→ a note on k - support norm regularized risk minimization ; the k - support norm has been recently introduced to perform correlated sparsity regularization . although argyriou et al . only reported experiments using squared loss , here we apply it to several other commonly used settings resulting in novel machine learning algorithms with interesting and familiar limit cases . source code for the algorithms described here is available .←
→ tool detection and operative skill assessment in surgical videos using region - based convolutional neural networks ; five billion people in the world lack access to quality surgical care . surgeon skill varies dramatically , and many surgical patients suffer complications and avoidable harm . improving surgical training and feedback would help to reduce the rate of complications , half of which have been shown to be preventable . to do this , it is essential to assess operative skill , a process that currently re ←
→ sparse - to - dense : depth prediction from sparse depth samples and a single image ; we consider the problem of dense depth prediction from a sparse set of depth measurements and a single rgb image . since depth estimation from monocular images alone is inherently ambiguous and unreliable , to attain a higher level of robustness and accuracy , we introduce additional sparse depth samples , which are either acquired with a low - resolution depth sensor or computed via visual simultaneous localization and mapping ( sl ←
→ image classification by feature dimension reduction and graph based ranking ; dimensionality reduction ( dr ) of image features plays an important role in image retrieval and classification tasks . recently , two types of methods have been proposed to improve the both the accuracy and efficiency for the dimensionality reduction problem . one uses non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) to describe the image distribution on the space of base matrix . another one for dimension reduction trains a subspace projecti ←
→ fast top - k area topics extraction with knowledge base ; what are the most popular research topics in artificial intelligence ( ai )? we formulate the problem as extracting top -$ k $ topics that can best represent a given area with the help of knowledge base . we theoretically prove that the problem is np - hard and propose an optimization model , fastkate , to address this problem by combining both explicit and latent representations for each topic . we leverage a large - scale knowledge base ( wikipedia ) to generate to ←
→ sention : a framework for sensing facial expressions ; facial expressions are an integral part of human cognition and communication , and can be applied in various real life applications . a vital precursor to accurate expression recognition is feature extraction . in this paper , we propose sention : a framework for sensing facial expressions . we propose a novel person independent and scale invariant method of extracting inter vector angles ( iva ) as geometric features , which proves to be robust and reliable acro ←
→ large - scale online semantic indexing of biomedical articles via an ensemble of multi - label classification models ; background : in this paper we present the approaches and methods employed in order to deal with a large scale multi - label semantic indexing task of biomedical papers . this work was mainly implemented within the context of the bioasq challenge of 2014 . methods : the main contribution of this work is a multi - label ensemble method that incorporates a mcnemar statistical significance test in order ←
→ an online convex optimization approach to dynamic network resource allocation ; existing approaches to online convex optimization ( oco ) make sequential one - slot - ahead decisions , which lead to ( possibly adversarial ) losses that drive subsequent decision iterates . their performance is evaluated by the so - called regret that measures the difference of losses between the online solution and the best yet fixed overall solution in hindsight . the present paper deals with online convex optimization involving adver ←
→ efficient social network multilingual classification using character , pos n - grams and dynamic normalization ; in this paper we describe a dynamic normalization process applied to social network multilingual documents ( facebook and twitter ) to improve the performance of the author profiling task for short texts . after the normalization process , $ n $- grams of characters and n - grams of pos tags are obtained to extract all the possible stylistic information encoded in the documents ( emoticons , character floodi ←
→ building rules on top of ontologies for the semantic web with inductive logic programming ; building rules on top of ontologies is the ultimate goal of the logical layer of the semantic web . to this aim an ad - hoc mark - up language for this layer is currently under discussion . it is intended to follow the tradition of hybrid knowledge representation and reasoning systems such as $\ mathcal { al }$- log that integrates the description logic $\ mathcal { alc }$ and the function - free horn clausal language \ textsc { datal ←
→ remote sensing image scene classification : benchmark and state of the art ; remote sensing image scene classification plays an important role in a wide range of applications and hence has been receiving remarkable attention . during the past years , significant efforts have been made to develop various datasets or present a variety of approaches for scene classification from remote sensing images . however , a systematic review of the literature concerning datasets and methods for scene classification is stil ←
→ poisoning attacks against support vector machines ; we investigate a family of poisoning attacks against support vector machines ( svm ). such attacks inject specially crafted training data that increases the svm ' s test error . central to the motivation for these attacks is the fact that most learning algorithms assume that their training data comes from a natural or well - behaved distribution . however , this assumption does not generally hold in security - sensitive settings . as we demonstrate , an intelligent adv ←
→ automated segmentation of retinal layers from optical coherent tomography images using geodesic distance ; optical coherence tomography ( oct ) is a non - invasive imaging technique that can produce images of the eye at the microscopic level . oct image segmentation to localise retinal layer boundaries is a fundamental procedure for diagnosing and monitoring the progression of retinal and optical nerve disorders . in this paper , we introduce a novel and accurate geodesic distance method ( gdm ) for oct segmentati ←
→ cisrdcnn : super - resolution of compressed images using deep convolutional neural networks ; in recent years , much research has been conducted on image super - resolution ( sr ). to the best of our knowledge , however , few sr methods were concerned with compressed images . the sr of compressed images is a challenging task due to the complicated compression artifacts , while many images suffer from them in practice . the intuitive solution for this difficult task is to decouple it into two sequential but independent ←
→ temporal dynamic graph lstm for action - driven video object detection ; in this paper , we investigate a weakly - supervised object detection framework . most existing frameworks focus on using static images to learn object detectors . however , these detectors often fail to generalize to videos because of the existing domain shift . therefore , we investigate learning these detectors directly from boring videos of daily activities . instead of using bounding boxes , we explore the use of action descriptions as superv ←
→ minimal effort back propagation for convolutional neural networks ; as traditional neural network consumes a significant amount of computing resources during back propagation , \ citet { sun2017mepropsb } propose a simple yet effective technique to alleviate this problem . in this technique , only a small subset of the full gradients are computed to update the model parameters . in this paper we extend this technique into the convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to reduce calculation in back propagation , and the surpr ←
→ multimodal mri brain tumor segmentation using random forests with features learned from fully convolutional neural network ; in this paper , we propose a novel learning based method for automated segmenta - tion of brain tumor in multimodal mri images . the machine learned features from fully convolutional neural network ( fcn ) and hand - designed texton fea - tures are used to classify the mri image voxels . the score map with pixel - wise predictions is used as a feature map which is learned from multimodal mri tra ←
→ an application of cascaded 3d fully convolutional networks for medical image segmentation ; recent advances in 3d fully convolutional networks ( fcn ) have made it feasible to produce dense voxel - wise predictions of volumetric images . in this work , we show that a multi - class 3d fcn trained on manually labeled ct scans of several anatomical structures ( ranging from the large organs to thin vessels ) can achieve competitive segmentation results , while avoiding the need for handcrafting features or training cla ←
→ multiple chaotic central pattern generators with learning for legged locomotion and malfunction compensation ; an originally chaotic system can be controlled into various periodic dynamics . when it is implemented into a legged robot ' s locomotion control as a central pattern generator ( cpg ), sophisticated gait patterns arise so that the robot can perform various walking behaviors . however , such a single chaotic cpg controller has difficulties dealing with leg malfunction . specifically , in the scenarios pre ←
→ deeppap : deep convolutional networks for cervical cell classification ; automation - assisted cervical screening via pap smear or liquid - based cytology ( lbc ) is a highly effective cell imaging based cancer detection tool , where cells are partitioned into " abnormal " and " normal " categories . however , the success of most traditional classification methods relies on the presence of accurate cell segmentations . despite sixty years of research in this field , accurate segmentation remains a challenge in the presence ←
→ improving files availability for bittorrent using a diffusion model ; the bittorrent mechanism effectively spreads file fragments by copying the rarest fragments first . we propose to apply a mathematical model for the diffusion of fragments on a p2p in order to take into account both the effects of peer distances and the changing availability of peers while time goes on . moreover , we manage to provide a forecast on the availability of a torrent thanks to a neural network that models the behaviour of peers o ←
→ imitation of life : advanced system for native artificial evolution ; a model for artificial evolution in native x86 windows systems has been developed at the end of 2010 . in this text , further improvements and additional analogies to natural microbiologic processes are presented . several experiments indicate the capability of the system - and raise the question of possible countermeasures .←
→ active collaborative ensemble tracking ; a discriminative ensemble tracker employs multiple classifiers , each of which casts a vote on all of the obtained samples . the votes are then aggregated in an attempt to localize the target object . such method relies on collective competence and the diversity of the ensemble to approach the target / non - target classification task from different views . however , by updating all of the ensemble using a shared set of samples and their final labels , such diversity is lost o ←
→ linear algorithm for digital euclidean connected skeleton ; the skeleton is an essential shape characteristic providing a compact representation of the studied shape . its computation on the image grid raises many issues . due to the effects of discretization , the required properties of the skeleton - thinness , homotopy to the shape , reversibility , connectivity - may become incompatible . however , as regards practical use , the choice of a specific skeletonization algorithm depends on the application . this allo ←
→ learning a hyperplane regressor by minimizing an exact bound on the vc dimension ; the capacity of a learning machine is measured by its vapnik - chervonenkis dimension , and learning machines with a low vc dimension generalize better . it is well known that the vc dimension of svms can be very large or unbounded , even though they generally yield state - of - the - art learning performance . in this paper , we show how to learn a hyperplane regressor by minimizing an exact , or \ boldmath {$\ theta $} bound on its vc dime ←
→ deep over - sampling framework for classifying imbalanced data ; class imbalance is a challenging issue in practical classification problems for deep learning models as well as traditional models . traditionally successful countermeasures such as synthetic over - sampling have had limited success with complex , structured data handled by deep learning models . in this paper , we propose deep over - sampling ( dos ), a framework for extending the synthetic over - sampling method to exploit the deep feature space acquired ←
→ unsupervised learning of goal spaces for intrinsically motivated goal exploration ; intrinsically motivated goal exploration algorithms enable machines to discover repertoires of policies that produce a diversity of effects in complex environments . these exploration algorithms have been shown to allow real world robots to acquire skills such as tool use in high - dimensional continuous state and action spaces . however , they have so far assumed that self - generated goals are sampled in a specifically engineer ←
→ learning 6 - dof grasping interaction with deep geometry - aware 3d representations ; this paper focuses on the problem of learning 6 - dof grasping with a parallel jaw gripper in simulation . we propose the notion of a geometry - aware representation in grasping based on the assumption that knowledge of 3d geometry is at the heart of interaction . our key idea is constraining and regularizing grasping interaction learning through 3d geometry prediction . specifically , we formulate the learning of deep geometry - awar ←
→ online learning for non - stationary a / b tests ; the rollout of new versions of a feature in modern applications is a manual multi - stage process , as the feature is released to ever larger groups of users , while its performance is carefully monitored . this kind of a / b testing is ubiquitous , but suboptimal , as the monitoring requires heavy human intervention , is not guaranteed to capture consistent , but short - term fluctuations in performance , and is inefficient , as better versions take a long time to reach the ←
→ online multi - object tracking using cnn - based single object tracker with spatial - temporal attention mechanism ; in this paper , we propose a cnn - based framework for online mot . this framework utilizes the merits of single object trackers in adapting appearance models and searching for target in the next frame . simply applying single object tracker for mot will encounter the problem in computational efficiency and drifted results caused by occlusion . our framework achieves computational efficiency by sharing ←
→ multi - stage object detection with group recursive learning ; most of existing detection pipelines treat object proposals independently and predict bounding box locations and classification scores over them separately . however , the important semantic and spatial layout correlations among proposals are often ignored , which are actually useful for more accurate object detection . in this work , we propose a new em - like group recursive learning approach to iteratively refine object proposals by incorporating such ←
→ beem : bucket elimination with external memory ; a major limitation of exact inference algorithms for probabilistic graphical models is their extensive memory usage , which often puts real - world problems out of their reach . in this paper we show how we can extend inference algorithms , particularly bucket elimination , a special case of cluster ( join ) tree decomposition , to utilize disk memory . we provide the underlying ideas and show promising empirical results of exactly solving large problems not solvable b ←
→ multi - source multi - view clustering via discrepancy penalty ; with the advance of technology , entities can be observed in multiple views . multiple views containing different types of features can be used for clustering . although multi - view clustering has been successfully applied in many applications , the previous methods usually assume the complete instance mapping between different views . in many real - world applications , information can be gathered from multiple sources , while each source can contain multi ←
→ deepsolareye : power loss prediction and weakly supervised soiling localization via fully convolutional networks for solar panels ; the impact of soiling on solar panels is an important and well - studied problem in renewable energy sector . in this paper , we present the first convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based approach for solar panel soiling and defect analysis . our approach takes an rgb image of solar panel and environmental factors as inputs to predict power loss , soiling localization , and soiling t ←
→ latent hypernet : exploring all layers from convolutional neural networks ; since convolutional neural networks ( convnets ) are able to simultaneously learn features and classifiers to discriminate different categories of activities , recent works have employed convnets approaches to perform human activity recognition ( har ) based on wearable sensors , allowing the removal of expensive human work and expert knowledge . however , these approaches have their power of discrimination limited mainly by the large number ←
→ introspective generative modeling : decide discriminatively ; we study unsupervised learning by developing introspective generative modeling ( igm ) that attains a generator using progressively learned deep convolutional neural networks . the generator is itself a discriminator , capable of introspection : being able to self - evaluate the difference between its generated samples and the given training data . when followed by repeated discriminative learning , desirable properties of modern discriminative classifiers ←
→ anomaly sequences detection from logs based on compression ; mining information from logs is an old and still active research topic . in recent years , with the rapid emerging of cloud computing , log mining becomes increasingly important to industry . this paper focus on one major mission of log mining : anomaly detection , and proposes a novel method for mining abnormal sequences from large logs . different from previous anomaly detection systems which based on statistics , probabilities and markov assumption , ou ←
→ predicting cardiovascular risk factors from retinal fundus photographs using deep learning ; traditionally , medical discoveries are made by observing associations and then designing experiments to test these hypotheses . however , observing and quantifying associations in images can be difficult because of the wide variety of features , patterns , colors , values , shapes in real data . in this paper , we use deep learning , a machine learning technique that learns its own features , to discover new knowledge from ←
→ cooperative game theory within multi - agent systems for systems scheduling ; research concerning organization and coordination within multi - agent systems continues to draw from a variety of architectures and methodologies . the work presented in this paper combines techniques from game theory and multi - agent systems to produce self - organizing , polymorphic , lightweight , embedded agents for systems scheduling within a large - scale real - time systems environment . results show how this approach is used to experim ←
→ from motion blur to motion flow : a deep learning solution for removing heterogeneous motion blur ; removing pixel - wise heterogeneous motion blur is challenging due to the ill - posed nature of the problem . the predominant solution is to estimate the blur kernel by adding a prior , but the extensive literature on the subject indicates the difficulty in identifying a prior which is suitably informative , and general . rather than imposing a prior based on theory , we propose instead to learn one from the data . le ←
→ speedup of logic programs by binarization and partial deduction ; binary logic programs can be obtained from ordinary logic programs by a binarizing transformation . in most cases , binary programs obtained this way are less efficient than the original programs . ( demoen , 1992 ) showed an interesting example of a logic program whose computational behaviour was improved when it was transformed to a binary program and then specialized by partial deduction . the class of b - stratifiable logic programs is defined . it ←
→ deep learning : a critical appraisal ; although deep learning has historical roots going back decades , neither the term " deep learning " nor the approach was popular just over five years ago , when the field was reignited by papers such as krizhevsky , sutskever and hinton ' s now classic ( 2012 ) deep network model of imagenet . what has the field discovered in the five subsequent years ? against a background of considerable progress in areas such as speech recognition , image recognition , and game playing , and consi ←
→ dirichlet process with mixed random measures : a nonparametric topic model for labeled data ; we describe a nonparametric topic model for labeled data . the model uses a mixture of random measures ( mrm ) as a base distribution of the dirichlet process ( dp ) of the hdp framework , so we call it the dp - mrm . to model labeled data , we define a dp distributed random measure for each label , and the resulting model generates an unbounded number of topics for each label . we apply dp - mrm on single - labeled and multi - lab ←
→ gromov - hausdorff stability of linkage - based hierarchical clustering methods ; a hierarchical clustering method is stable if small perturbations on the data set produce small perturbations in the result . these perturbations are measured using the gromov - hausdorff metric . we study the problem of stability on linkage - based hierarchical clustering methods . we obtain that , under some basic conditions , standard linkage - based methods are semi - stable . this means that they are stable if the input data is close eno ←
→ using convolutional networks and satellite imagery to identify patterns in urban environments at a large scale ; urban planning applications ( energy audits , investment , etc .) require an understanding of built infrastructure and its environment , i . e ., both low - level , physical features ( amount of vegetation , building area and geometry etc .), as well as higher - level concepts such as land use classes ( which encode expert understanding of socio - economic end uses ). this kind of data is expensive and labor - inten ←
→ an end - to - end trainable neural network model with belief tracking for task - oriented dialog ; we present a novel end - to - end trainable neural network model for task - oriented dialog systems . the model is able to track dialog state , issue api calls to knowledge base ( kb ), and incorporate structured kb query results into system responses to successfully complete task - oriented dialogs . the proposed model produces well - structured system responses by jointly learning belief tracking and kb result processing condi ←
→ mml is not consistent for neyman - scott ; strict minimum message length ( smml ) is a statistical inference method widely cited ( but only with informal arguments ) as providing estimations that are consistent for general estimation problems . it is , however , almost invariably intractable to compute , for which reason only approximations of it ( known as mml algorithms ) are ever used in practice . we investigate the neyman - scott estimation problem , an oft - cited showcase for the consistency of mml , and show that even ←
→ learning semantic concepts and order for image and sentence matching ; image and sentence matching has made great progress recently , but it remains challenging due to the large visual - semantic discrepancy . this mainly arises from that the representation of pixel - level image usually lacks of high - level semantic information as in its matched sentence . in this work , we propose a semantic - enhanced image and sentence matching model , which can improve the image representation by learning semantic concepts and the ←
→ probabilistic algorithmic knowledge ; the framework of algorithmic knowledge assumes that agents use deterministic knowledge algorithms to compute the facts they explicitly know . we extend the framework to allow for randomized knowledge algorithms . we then characterize the information provided by a randomized knowledge algorithm when its answers have some probability of being incorrect . we formalize this information in terms of evidence ; a randomized knowledge algorithm returning `` yes '' to a query about a ←
→ liver segmentation in abdominal ct images by adaptive 3d region growing ; automatic liver segmentation plays an important role in computer - aided diagnosis and treatment . manual segmentation of organs is a difficult and tedious task and so prone to human errors . in this paper , we propose an adaptive 3d region growing with subject - specific conditions . for this aim we use the intensity distribution of most probable voxels in prior map along with location prior . we also incorporate the boundary of target organs ←
→ multi - label dataless text classification with topic modeling ; manually labeling documents is tedious and expensive , but it is essential for training a traditional text classifier . in recent years , a few dataless text classification techniques have been proposed to address this problem . however , existing works mainly center on single - label classification problems , that is , each document is restricted to belonging to a single category . in this paper , we propose a novel seed - guided multi - label topic model , na ←
→ fuzzy artmap and neural network approach to online processing of inputs with missing values ; an ensemble based approach for dealing with missing data , without predicting or imputing the missing values is proposed . this technique is suitable for online operations of neural networks and as a result , is used for online condition monitoring . the proposed technique is tested in both classification and regression problems . an ensemble of fuzzy - artmaps is used for classification whereas an ensemble of multi - lay ←
→ feature learning based deep supervised hashing with pairwise labels ; recent years have witnessed wide application of hashing for large - scale image retrieval . however , most existing hashing methods are based on hand - crafted features which might not be optimally compatible with the hashing procedure . recently , deep hashing methods have been proposed to perform simultaneous feature learning and hash - code learning with deep neural networks , which have shown better performance than traditional hashing methods w ←
→ on the algebra in boole ' s laws of thought ; this article explores the ideas that went into george boole ' s development of an algebra for logical inference in his book the laws of thought . we explore in particular his wife mary boole ' s claim that he was deeply influenced by indian logic and argue that his work was more than a framework for processing propositions . by exploring parallels between his work and indian logic , we are able to explain several peculiarities of this work .←
→ the role of conceptual relations in word sense disambiguation ; we explore many ways of using conceptual distance measures in word sense disambiguation , starting with the agirre - rigau conceptual density measure . we use a generalized form of this measure , introducing many ( parameterized ) refinements and performing an exhaustive evaluation of all meaningful combinations . we finally obtain a 42 % improvement over the original algorithm , and show that measures of conceptual distance are not worse indicators for ←
→ multi - objective analysis of map - elites performance ; in certain complex optimization tasks , it becomes necessary to use multiple measures to characterize the performance of different algorithms . this paper presents a method that combines ordinal effect sizes with pareto dominance to analyze such cases . since the method is ordinal , it can also generalize across different optimization tasks even when the performance measurements are differently scaled . through a case study , we show that this method can discov ←
→ using user generated online photos to estimate and monitor air pollution in major cities ; with the rapid development of economy in china over the past decade , air pollution has become an increasingly serious problem in major cities and caused grave public health concerns in china . recently , a number of studies have dealt with air quality and air pollution . among them , some attempt to predict and monitor the air quality from different sources of information , ranging from deployed physical sensors to socia ←
→ predicate logic with definitions ; predicate logic with definitions ( pld or d - logic ) is a modification of first - order logic intended mostly for practical formalization of mathematics . the main syntactic constructs of d - logic are terms , formulas and definitions . a definition is a definition of variables , a definition of constants , or a composite definition ( d - logic has also abbreviation definitions called abbreviations ). definitions can be used inside terms and formulas . this possibility alleviates introduci ←
→ group normalization ; batch normalization ( bn ) is a milestone technique in the development of deep learning , enabling various networks to train . however , normalizing along the batch dimension introduces problems --- bn ' s error increases rapidly when the batch size becomes smaller , caused by inaccurate batch statistics estimation . this limits bn ' s usage for training larger models and transferring features to computer vision tasks including detection , segmentation , and video , which require small batches const ←
→ jointly modeling topics and intents with global order structure ; modeling document structure is of great importance for discourse analysis and related applications . the goal of this research is to capture the document intent structure by modeling documents as a mixture of topic words and rhetorical words . while the topics are relatively unchanged through one document , the rhetorical functions of sentences usually change following certain orders in discourse . we propose gmm - lda , a topic modeling based bayes ←
→ clustering via mode seeking by direct estimation of the gradient of a log - density ; mean shift clustering finds the modes of the data probability density by identifying the zero points of the density gradient . since it does not require to fix the number of clusters in advance , the mean shift has been a popular clustering algorithm in various application fields . a typical implementation of the mean shift is to first estimate the density by kernel density estimation and then compute its gradient . however , s ←
→ open evaluation tool for layout analysis of document images ; this paper presents an open tool for standardizing the evaluation process of the layout analysis task of document images at pixel level . we introduce a new evaluation tool that is both available as a standalone java application and as a restful web service . this evaluation tool is free and open - source in order to be a common tool that anyone can use and contribute to . it aims at providing as many metrics as possible to investigate layout analysis ←
→ extension of sparse randomized kaczmarz algorithm for multiple measurement vectors ; the kaczmarz algorithm is popular for iteratively solving an overdetermined system of linear equations . the traditional kaczmarz algorithm can approximate the solution in few sweeps through the equations but a randomized version of the kaczmarz algorithm was shown to converge exponentially and independent of number of equations . recently an algorithm for finding sparse solution to a linear system of equations has been pro ←
→ a greedy part assignment algorithm for real - time multi - person 2d pose estimation ; human pose - estimation in a multi - person image involves detection of various body parts and grouping them into individual person clusters . while the former task is challenging due to mutual occlusions , the combinatorial complexity of the latter task is very high . we propose a greedy part assignment algorithm that exploits the inherent structure of the human body to achieve a lower complexity , compared to any of the prior pub ←
→ a game - theoretic version of oakes ' example for randomized forecasting ; using the game - theoretic framework for probability , vovk and shafer . have shown that it is always possible , using randomization , to make sequential probability forecasts that pass any countable set of well - behaved statistical tests . this result generalizes work by other authors , who consider only tests of calbration . we complement this result with a lower bound . we show that vovk and shafer ' s result is valid only when the forecasts ar ←
→ null dynamical state models of human cognitive dysfunction ; the hard problem in artificial intelligence asks how the shuffling of syntactical symbols in a program can lead to systems which experience semantics and qualia . we address this question in three stages . first , we introduce a new class of human semantic symbols which appears when unexpected and drastic environmental change causes humans to become surprised , confused , uncertain , and in extreme cases , unresponsive , passive and dysfunctional . for thi ←
→ simultaneous joint and object trajectory templates for human activity recognition from 3 - d data ; the availability of low - cost range sensors and the development of relatively robust algorithms for the extraction of skeleton joint locations have inspired many researchers to develop human activity recognition methods using the 3 - d data . in this paper , an effective method for the recognition of human activities from the normalized joint trajectories is proposed . we represent the actions as multidimensional s ←
→ pirvs : an advanced visual - inertial slam system with flexible sensor fusion and hardware co - design ; in this paper , we present the perceptin robotics vision system ( pirvs ) system , a visual - inertial computing hardware with embedded simultaneous localization and mapping ( slam ) algorithm . the pirvs hardware is equipped with a multi - core processor , a global - shutter stereo camera , and an imu with precise hardware synchronization . the pirvs software features a novel and flexible sensor fusion approach to not onl ←
→ werd : using social text spelling variants for evaluating dialectal speech recognition ; we study the problem of evaluating automatic speech recognition ( asr ) systems that target dialectal speech input . a major challenge in this case is that the orthography of dialects is typically not standardized . from an asr evaluation perspective , this means that there is no clear gold standard for the expected output , and several possible outputs could be considered correct according to different human annotators , whi ←
→ learning topic models by belief propagation ; latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) is an important hierarchical bayesian model for probabilistic topic modeling , which attracts worldwide interests and touches on many important applications in text mining , computer vision and computational biology . this paper represents lda as a factor graph within the markov random field ( mrf ) framework , which enables the classic loopy belief propagation ( bp ) algorithm for approximate inference and parameter estimation . althoug ←
→ multi - agent reinforcement learning with sparse interactions by negotiation and knowledge transfer ; reinforcement learning has significant applications for multi - agent systems , especially in unknown dynamic environments . however , most multi - agent reinforcement learning ( marl ) algorithms suffer from such problems as exponential computation complexity in the joint state - action space , which makes it difficult to scale up to realistic multi - agent problems . in this paper , a novel algorithm named negotiation - ba ←
→ holistic interstitial lung disease detection using deep convolutional neural networks : multi - label learning and unordered pooling ; accurately predicting and detecting interstitial lung disease ( ild ) patterns given any computed tomography ( ct ) slice without any pre - processing prerequisites , such as manually delineated regions of interest ( rois ), is a clinically desirable , yet challenging goal . the majority of existing work relies on manually - provided ild rois to extract sampled 2d image patches from ct sl ←
→ neural word segmentation with rich pretraining ; neural word segmentation research has benefited from large - scale raw texts by leveraging them for pretraining character and word embeddings . on the other hand , statistical segmentation research has exploited richer sources of external information , such as punctuation , automatic segmentation and pos . we investigate the effectiveness of a range of external training sources for neural word segmentation by building a modular segmentation model , pretraining the mo ←
→ a recurrent latent variable model for sequential data ; in this paper , we explore the inclusion of latent random variables into the dynamic hidden state of a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) by combining elements of the variational autoencoder . we argue that through the use of high - level latent random variables , the variational rnn ( vrnn ) 1 can model the kind of variability observed in highly structured sequential data such as natural speech . we empirically evaluate the proposed model against related sequentia ←
→ text relatedness based on a word thesaurus ; the computation of relatedness between two fragments of text in an automated manner requires taking into account a wide range of factors pertaining to the meaning the two fragments convey , and the pairwise relations between their words . without doubt , a measure of relatedness between text segments must take into account both the lexical and the semantic relatedness between words . such a measure that captures well both aspects of text relatedness may help in many ←
→ a fuzzy realistic mobility model for ad hoc networks ; realistic mobility models can demonstrate more precise evaluation results because their parameters are closer to the reality . in this paper a realistic fuzzy mobility model has been proposed . this model has rules which is changeable depending on nodes and environment conditions . this model is more complete and precise than the other mobility models and this is the advantage of this model . after simulation , it was found out that not only considering node ←
→ deepdta : deep drug - target binding affinity prediction ; the identification of novel drug - target ( dt ) interactions is a substantial part of the drug discovery process . most of the computational methods that have been proposed to predict dt interactions have focused on binary classification , where the goal is to determine whether a dt pair interacts or not . however , protein - ligand interactions assume a continuum of binding strength values , also called binding affinity and predicting this value still remains a ←
→ improved face detection and alignment using cascade deep convolutional network ; real - world face detection and alignment demand an advanced discriminative model to address challenges by pose , lighting and expression . illuminated by the deep learning algorithm , some convolutional neural networks based face detection and alignment methods have been proposed . recent studies have utilized the relation between face detection and alignment to make models computationally efficiency , however they ignore the conne ←
→ compressing deep convolutional networks using vector quantization ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) has become the most promising method for object recognition , repeatedly demonstrating record breaking results for image classification and object detection in recent years . however , a very deep cnn generally involves many layers with millions of parameters , making the storage of the network model to be extremely large . this prohibits the usage of deep cnns on resource limited hardware , especially cel ←
→ reasons and means to model preferences as incomplete ; literature involving preferences of artificial agents or human beings often assume their preferences can be represented using a complete transitive binary relation . much has been written however on different models of preferences . we review some of the reasons that have been put forward to justify more complex modeling , and review some of the techniques that have been proposed to obtain models of such preferences .←
→ a diffusion and clustering - based approach for finding coherent motions and understanding crowd scenes ; this paper addresses the problem of detecting coherent motions in crowd scenes and presents its two applications in crowd scene understanding : semantic region detection and recurrent activity mining . it processes input motion fields ( e . g ., optical flow fields ) and produces a coherent motion filed , named as thermal energy field . the thermal energy field is able to capture both motion correlation among pa ←
→ wing loss for robust facial landmark localisation with convolutional neural networks ; we present a new loss function , namely wing loss , for robust facial landmark localisation with convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). we first compare and analyse different objective functions and show that the l1 and smooth l1 loss functions perform much better than the widely used l2 loss function in facial landmark localisation . the analysis of these loss functions suggests that , for the training of a cnn - based locali ←
→ predicting role relevance with minimal domain expertise in a financial domain ; word embeddings have made enormous inroads in recent years in a wide variety of text mining applications . in this paper , we explore a word embedding - based architecture for predicting the relevance of a role between two financial entities within the context of natural language sentences . in this extended abstract , we propose a pooled approach that uses a collection of sentences to train word embeddings using the skip - gram word2 ←
→ statistical learnability of generalized additive models based on total variation regularization ; a generalized additive model ( gam , hastie and tibshirani ( 1987 )) is a nonparametric model by the sum of univariate functions with respect to each explanatory variable , i . e ., $ f ({\ mathbf x }) = \ sum f_j ( x_j )$, where $ x_j \ in \ mathbb { r }$ is $ j $- th component of a sample ${\ mathbf x }\ in \ mathbb { r }^ p $. in this paper , we introduce the total variation ( tv ) of a function as a measure of the complexity of functions in $ l ←
→ adaptive mesh representation and restoration of biomedical images ; the triangulation of images has become an active research area in recent years for its compressive representation and ease of image processing and visualization . however , little work has been done on how to faithfully recover image intensities from a triangulated mesh of an image , a process also known as image restoration or decoding from meshes . the existing methods such as linear interpolation , least - square interpolation , or interpolation ←
→ real - time 3d tracking of articulated tools for robotic surgery ; in robotic surgery , tool tracking is important for providing safe tool - tissue interaction and facilitating surgical skills assessment . despite recent advances in tool tracking , existing approaches are faced with major difficulties in real - time tracking of articulated tools . most algorithms are tailored for offline processing with pre - recorded videos . in this paper , we propose a real - time 3d tracking method for articulated tools in robotic surg ←
→ a locally adaptive normal distribution ; the multivariate normal density is a monotonic function of the distance to the mean , and its ellipsoidal shape is due to the underlying euclidean metric . we suggest to replace this metric with a locally adaptive , smoothly changing ( riemannian ) metric that favors regions of high local density . the resulting locally adaptive normal distribution ( land ) is a generalization of the normal distribution to the " manifold " setting , where data is assumed to lie near a potential ←
→ mining social data to extract intellectual knowledge ; social data mining is an interesting phe - nomenon which colligates different sources of social data to extract information . this information can be used in relationship prediction , decision making , pat - tern recognition , social mapping , responsibility distri - bution and many other applications . this paper presents a systematical data mining architecture to mine intellectual knowledge from social data . in this research , we use social networking site faceboo ←
→ honey bee dance modeling in real - time using machine learning ; the waggle dance that honeybees perform is an astonishing way of communicating the location of food source . after over 60 years of its discovery , researchers still use manual labeling by watching hours of dance videos to detect different transitions between dance components thus extracting information regarding the distance and direction to the food source . we propose an automated process to monitor and segment different components of honeybee w ←
→ multi - task averaging ; we present a multi - task learning approach to jointly estimate the means of multiple independent data sets . the proposed multi - task averaging ( mta ) algorithm results in a convex combination of the single - task maximum likelihood estimates . we derive the optimal minimum risk estimator and the minimax estimator , and show that these estimators can be efficiently estimated . simulations and real data experiments demonstrate that mta estimators often outperform both single - task and james - stei ←
→ a theoretical guideline for designing an effective adaptive particle swarm ; in this paper we theoretically investigate underlying assumptions that have been used for designing adaptive particle swarm optimization algorithms in the past years . we relate these assumptions to the movement patterns of particles controlled by coefficient values ( inertia weight and acceleration coefficient ) and introduce three factors , namely the autocorrelation of the particle positions , the average movement distance of the p ←
→ gene selection for cancer classification using a hybrid of univariate and multivariate feature selection methods ; various approaches to gene selection for cancer classification based on microarray data can be found in the literature and they may be grouped into two categories : univariate methods and multivariate methods . univariate methods look at each gene in the data in isolation from others . they measure the contribution of a particular gene to the classification without considering the presence of th ←
→ preference reasoning in matching procedures : application to the admission post - baccalaureat platform ; because preferences naturally arise and play an important role in many real - life decisions , they are at the backbone of various fields . in particular preferences are increasingly used in almost all matching procedures - based applications . in this work we highlight the benefit of using ai insights on preferences in a large scale application , namely the french admission post - baccalaureat platform ( apb ). eac ←
→ dolphin - dictionary learning for phase retrieval ; we propose a new algorithm to learn a dictionary for reconstructing and sparsely encoding signals from measurements without phase . specifically , we consider the task of estimating a two - dimensional image from squared - magnitude measurements of a complex - valued linear transformation of the original image . several recent phase retrieval algorithms exploit underlying sparsity of the unknown signal in order to improve recovery performance . in this work , we cons ←
→ empirical evaluation of a new approach to simplifying long short - term memory ( lstm ) ; the standard lstm , although it succeeds in the modeling long - range dependences , suffers from a highly complex structure that can be simplified through modifications to its gate units . this paper was to perform an empirical comparison between the standard lstm and three new simplified variants that were obtained by eliminating input signal , bias and hidden unit signal from individual gates , on the tasks of modeling two se ←
→ deep speaker verification : do we need end to end ? ; end - to - end learning treats the entire system as a whole adaptable black box , which , if sufficient data are available , may learn a system that works very well for the target task . this principle has recently been applied to several prototype research on speaker verification ( sv ), where the feature learning and classifier are learned together with an objective function that is consistent with the evaluation metric . an opposite approach to end - to - end is featu ←
→ maximum resilience of artificial neural networks ; the deployment of artificial neural networks ( anns ) in safety - critical applications poses a number of new verification and certification challenges . in particular , for ann - enabled self - driving vehicles it is important to establish properties about the resilience of anns to noisy or even maliciously manipulated sensory input . we are addressing these challenges by defining resilience properties of ann - based classifiers as the maximal amount of input or sensor ←
→ toward depth estimation using mask - based lensless cameras ; recently , coded masks have been used to demonstrate a thin form - factor lensless camera , flatcam , in which a mask is placed immediately on top of a bare image sensor . in this paper , we present an imaging model and algorithm to jointly estimate depth and intensity information in the scene from a single or multiple flatcams . we use a light field representation to model the mapping of 3d scene onto the sensor in which light rays from different depths y ←
→ long short - term memory kalman filters : recurrent neural estimators for pose regularization ; one - shot pose estimation for tasks such as body joint localization , camera pose estimation , and object tracking are generally noisy , and temporal filters have been extensively used for regularization . one of the most widely - used methods is the kalman filter , which is both extremely simple and general . however , kalman filters require a motion model and measurement model to be specified a priori , which burdens the mo ←
→ linear ndcg and pair - wise loss ; linear ndcg is used for measuring the performance of the web content quality assessment in ecml / pkdd discovery challenge 2010 . in this paper , we will prove that the dcg error equals a new pair - wise loss .←
→ mapping the stereotyped behaviour of freely - moving fruit flies ; most animals possess the ability to actuate a vast diversity of movements , ostensibly constrained only by morphology and physics . in practice , however , a frequent assumption in behavioral science is that most of an animal ' s activities can be described in terms of a small set of stereotyped motifs . here we introduce a method for mapping the behavioral space of organisms , relying only upon the underlying structure of postural movement data to or ←
→ exact and heuristic algorithms for semi - nonnegative matrix factorization ; given a matrix $ m $ ( not necessarily nonnegative ) and a factorization rank $ r $, semi - nonnegative matrix factorization ( semi - nmf ) looks for a matrix $ u $ with $ r $ columns and a nonnegative matrix $ v $ with $ r $ rows such that $ uv $ is the best possible approximation of $ m $ according to some metric . in this paper , we study the properties of semi - nmf from which we develop exact and heuristic algorithms . our contribution is threefold . first , ←
→ genetic algorithm modeling with gpu parallel computing technology ; we present a multi - purpose genetic algorithm , designed and implemented with gpgpu / cuda parallel computing technology . the model was derived from a multi - core cpu serial implementation , named game , already scientifically successfully tested and validated on astrophysical massive data classification problems , through a web application resource ( dameware ), specialized in data mining based on machine learning paradigms . since genetic algorith ←
→ activity - based search for black - box contraint - programming solvers ; robust search procedures are a central component in the design of black - box constraint - programming solvers . this paper proposes activity - based search , the idea of using the activity of variables during propagation to guide the search . activity - based search was compared experimentally to impact - based search and the wdeg heuristics . experimental results on a variety of benchmarks show that activity - based search is more robust than other heuri ←
→ an empirical study for vietnamese dependency parsing ; this paper presents an empirical comparison of different dependency parsers for vietnamese , which has some unusual characteristics such as copula drop and verb serialization . experimental results show that the neural network - based parsers perform significantly better than the traditional parsers . we report the highest parsing scores published to date for vietnamese with the labeled attachment score ( las ) at 73 . 53 % and the unlabeled attachment score ( uas ←
→ a quasi - newton method for large scale support vector machines ; this paper adapts a recently developed regularized stochastic version of the broyden , fletcher , goldfarb , and shanno ( bfgs ) quasi - newton method for the solution of support vector machine classification problems . the proposed method is shown to converge almost surely to the optimal classifier at a rate that is linear in expectation . numerical results show that the proposed method exhibits a convergence rate that degrades smoothly with the dimens ←
→ dialog structure through the lens of gender , gender environment , and power ; understanding how the social context of an interaction affects our dialog behavior is of great interest to social scientists who study human behavior , as well as to computer scientists who build automatic methods to infer those social contexts . in this paper , we study the interaction of power , gender , and dialog behavior in organizational interactions . in order to perform this study , we first construct the gender identified enron ←
→ symmetric categorial grammar : residuation and galois connections ; the lambek - grishin calculus is a symmetric extension of the lambek calculus : in addition to the residuated family of product , left and right division operations of lambek ' s original calculus , one also considers a family of coproduct , right and left difference operations , related to the former by an arrow - reversing duality . communication between the two families is implemented in terms of linear distributivity principles . the aim of this pape ←
→ outlier regularization for vector data and l21 norm robustness ; in many real - world applications , data usually contain outliers . one popular approach is to use l2 , 1 norm function as a robust error / loss function . however , the robustness of l2 , 1 norm function is not well understood so far . in this paper , we propose a new vector outlier regularization ( vor ) framework to understand and analyze the robustness of l2 , 1 norm function . our vor function defines a data point to be outlier if it is outside a threshold ←
→ multimodal affect analysis for product feedback assessment ; consumers often react expressively to products such as food samples , perfume , jewelry , sunglasses , and clothing accessories . this research discusses a multimodal affect recognition system developed to classify whether a consumer likes or dislikes a product tested at a counter or kiosk , by analyzing the consumer ' s facial expression , body posture , hand gestures , and voice after testing the product . a depth - capable camera and microphone system - kine ←
→ a new characterization of probabilities in bayesian networks ; we characterize probabilities in bayesian networks in terms of algebraic expressions called quasi - probabilities . these are arrived at by casting bayesian networks as noisy and - or - not networks , and viewing the subnetworks that lead to a node as arguments for or against a node . quasi - probabilities are in a sense the " natural " algebra of bayesian networks : we can easily compute the marginal quasi - probability of any node recursively , in a compact fo ←
→ safepredict : a meta - algorithm for machine learning that uses refusals to guarantee correctness ; safepredict is a novel meta - algorithm that works with any base prediction algorithm for online data to guarantee an arbitrarily chosen correctness rate , $ 1 -\ epsilon $, by allowing refusals . allowing refusals means that the meta - algorithm may refuse to emit a prediction produced by the base algorithm on occasion so that the error rate on non - refused predictions does not exceed $\ epsilon $. the safepredict error b ←
→ tall : temporal activity localization via language query ; this paper focuses on temporal localization of actions in untrimmed videos . existing methods typically train classifiers for a pre - defined list of actions and apply them in a sliding window fashion . however , activities in the wild consist of a wide combination of actors , actions and objects ; it is difficult to design a proper activity list that meets users ' needs . we propose to localize activities by natural language queries . temporal activity locali ←
→ adversarial attacks on neural network policies ; machine learning classifiers are known to be vulnerable to inputs maliciously constructed by adversaries to force misclassification . such adversarial examples have been extensively studied in the context of computer vision applications . in this work , we show adversarial attacks are also effective when targeting neural network policies in reinforcement learning . specifically , we show existing adversarial example crafting techniques can be used to significantly ←
→ catgan : coupled adversarial transfer for domain generation ; this paper introduces a coupled adversarial transfer gan ( catgan ), an efficient solution to domain alignment . the basic principles of catgan focus on the domain generation strategy for adaptation which is motivated by the generative adversarial net ( gan ) and the adversarial discriminative domain adaptation ( adda ). catgan is structured by shallow multilayer perceptrons ( mlps ) for adversarial domain adaptation . the catgan comprises of two slim and s ←
→ non - evolutionary superintelligences do nothing , eventually ; there is overwhelming evidence that human intelligence is a product of darwinian evolution . investigating the consequences of self - modification , and more precisely , the consequences of utility function self - modification , leads to the stronger claim that not only human , but any form of intelligence is ultimately only possible within evolutionary processes . human - designed artificial intelligences can only remain stable until they discover how to man ←
→ variational reasoning for question answering with knowledge graph ; knowledge graph ( kg ) is known to be helpful for the task of question answering ( qa ), since it provides well - structured relational information between entities , and allows one to further infer indirect facts . however , it is challenging to build qa systems which can learn to reason over knowledge graphs based on question - answer pairs alone . first , when people ask questions , their expressions are noisy ( for example , typos in texts , or variatio ←
→ supervised texture classification using a novel compression - based similarity measure ; supervised pixel - based texture classification is usually performed in the feature space . we propose to perform this task in ( dis ) similarity space by introducing a new compression - based ( dis ) similarity measure . the proposed measure utilizes two dimensional mpeg - 1 encoder , which takes into consideration the spatial locality and connectivity of pixels in the images . the proposed formulation has been carefully designed base ←
→ face detection using deep learning : an improved faster rcnn approach ; in this report , we present a new face detection scheme using deep learning and achieve the state - of - the - art detection performance on the well - known fddb face detetion benchmark evaluation . in particular , we improve the state - of - the - art faster rcnn framework by combining a number of strategies , including feature concatenation , hard negative mining , multi - scale training , model pretraining , and proper calibration of key parameters . as a con ←
→ multiple pattern classification by sparse subspace decomposition ; a robust classification method is developed on the basis of sparse subspace decomposition . this method tries to decompose a mixture of subspaces of unlabeled data ( queries ) into class subspaces as few as possible . each query is classified into the class whose subspace significantly contributes to the decomposed subspace . multiple queries from different classes can be simultaneously classified into their respective classes . a practical greedy ←
→ minimal exploration in structured stochastic bandits ; this paper introduces and addresses a wide class of stochastic bandit problems where the function mapping the arm to the corresponding reward exhibits some known structural properties . most existing structures ( e . g . linear , lipschitz , unimodal , combinatorial , dueling , ...) are covered by our framework . we derive an asymptotic instance - specific regret lower bound for these problems , and develop ossb , an algorithm whose regret matches this fundamental lim ←
→ ask me anything : free - form visual question answering based on knowledge from external sources ; we propose a method for visual question answering which combines an internal representation of the content of an image with information extracted from a general knowledge base to answer a broad range of image - based questions . this allows more complex questions to be answered using the predominant neural network - based approach than has previously been possible . it particularly allows questions to be asked about ←
→ cp - nets and nash equilibria ; we relate here two formalisms that are used for different purposes in reasoning about multi - agent systems . one of them are strategic games that are used to capture the idea that agents interact with each other while pursuing their own interest . the other are cp - nets that were introduced to express qualitative and conditional preferences of the users and which aim at facilitating the process of preference elicitation . to relate these two formalisms we introduce a natural , qualit ←
→ control of complex systems using bayesian networks and genetic algorithm ; a method based on bayesian neural networks and genetic algorithm is proposed to control the fermentation process . the relationship between input and output variables is modelled using bayesian neural network that is trained using hybrid monte carlo method . a feedback loop based on genetic algorithm is used to change input variables so that the output variables are as close to the desired target as possible without the loss of confide ←
→ accelerated distance computation with encoding tree for high dimensional data ; we propose a novel distance to calculate distance between high dimensional vector pairs , utilizing vector quantization generated encodings . vector quantization based methods are successful in handling large scale high dimensional data . these methods compress vectors into short encodings , and allow efficient distance computation between an uncompressed vector and compressed dataset without decompressing explicitly . however for ←
→ implementation of neural network and feature extraction to classify ecg signals ; this paper presents a suitable and efficient implementation of a feature extraction algorithm ( pan tompkins algorithm ) on electrocardiography ( ecg ) signals , for detection and classification of four cardiac diseases : sleep apnea , arrhythmia , supraventricular arrhythmia and long term atrial fibrillation ( af ) and differentiating them from the normal heart beat by using pan tompkins rr detection followed by feature extraction fo ←
→ towards minimax policies for online linear optimization with bandit feedback ; we address the online linear optimization problem with bandit feedback . our contribution is twofold . first , we provide an algorithm ( based on exponential weights ) with a regret of order $\ sqrt { d n \ log n }$ for any finite action set with $ n $ actions , under the assumption that the instantaneous loss is bounded by 1 . this shaves off an extraneous $\ sqrt { d }$ factor compared to previous works , and gives a regret bound of order $ d \ s ←
→ computational complexity of testing proportional justified representation ; we consider a committee voting setting in which each voter approves of a subset of candidates and based on the approvals , a target number of candidates are selected . aziz et al . ( 2015 ) proposed two representation axioms called justified representation and extended justified representation . whereas the former can be tested as well as achieved in polynomial time , the latter property is conp - complete to test and no polynomial - time al ←
→ ppmf : a patient - based predictive modeling framework for early icu mortality prediction ; to date , developing a good model for early intensive care unit ( icu ) mortality prediction is still challenging . this paper presents a patient based predictive modeling framework ( ppmf ) to improve the performance of icu mortality prediction using data collected during the first 48 hours of icu admission . ppmf consists of three main components verifying three related research hypotheses . the first component captures dyn ←
→ cross - modality synthesis from ct to pet using fcn and gan networks for improved automated lesion detection ; in this work we present a novel system for generation of virtual pet images using ct scans . we combine a fully convolutional network ( fcn ) with a conditional generative adversarial network ( gan ) to generate simulated pet data from given input ct data . the synthesized pet can be used for false - positive reduction in lesion detection solutions . clinically , such solutions may enable lesion detection an ←
→ feature sampling strategies for action recognition ; although dense local spatial - temporal features with bag - of - features representation achieve state - of - the - art performance for action recognition , the huge feature number and feature size prevent current methods from scaling up to real size problems . in this work , we investigate different types of feature sampling strategies for action recognition , namely dense sampling , uniformly random sampling and selective sampling . we propose two effective selective sam ←
→ imagination as holographic processor for text animation ; imagination is the critical point in developing of realistic artificial intelligence ( ai ) systems . one way to approach imagination would be simulation of its properties and operations . we developed two models : ai - brain network hierarchy of languages and semantical holographic calculus as well as simulation system scriptwriter that emulate the process of imagination through an automatic animation of english texts . the purpose of this paper is to demon ←
→ a memetic algorithm for the linear ordering problem with cumulative costs ; this paper introduces an effective memetic algorithm for the linear ordering problem with cumulative costs . the proposed algorithm combines an order - based recombination operator with an improved forward - backward local search procedure and employs a solution quality based replacement criterion for pool updating . extensive experiments on 118 well - known benchmark instances show that the proposed algorithm achieves competitive results ←
→ homophilic clustering by locally asymmetric geometry ; clustering is indispensable for data analysis in many scientific disciplines . detecting clusters from heavy noise remains challenging , particularly for high - dimensional sparse data . based on graph - theoretic framework , the present paper proposes a novel algorithm to address this issue . the locally asymmetric geometries of neighborhoods between data points result in a directed similarity graph to model the structural connectivity of data points . performin ←
→ uav - based autonomous image acquisition with multi - view stereo quality assurance by confidence prediction ; in this paper we present an autonomous system for acquiring close - range high - resolution images that maximize the quality of a later - on 3d reconstruction with respect to coverage , ground resolution and 3d uncertainty . in contrast to previous work , our system uses the already acquired images to predict the confidence in the output of a dense multi - view stereo approach without executing it . this confide ←
→ recursion - free online multiple incremental / decremental analysis based on ridge support vector learning ; this study presents a rapid multiple incremental and decremental mechanism based on weight - error curves ( wecs ) for support - vector analysis . recursion - free computation is proposed for predicting the lagrangian multipliers of new samples . this study examines ridge support vector models , subsequently devising a recursion - free function derived from wecs . with the proposed function , all the new lagrangian m ←
→ a spiking neural learning classifier system ; learning classifier systems ( lcs ) are population - based reinforcement learners used in a wide variety of applications . this paper presents a lcs where each traditional rule is represented by a spiking neural network , a type of network with dynamic internal state . we employ a constructivist model of growth of both neurons and dendrites that realise flexible learning by evolving structures of sufficient complexity to solve a well - known problem involving continuous ,←
→ probabilistic numerics and uncertainty in computations ; we deliver a call to arms for probabilistic numerical methods : algorithms for numerical tasks , including linear algebra , integration , optimization and solving differential equations , that return uncertainties in their calculations . such uncertainties , arising from the loss of precision induced by numerical calculation with limited time or hardware , are important for much contemporary science and industry . within applications such as climate science an ←
→ application of distances between terms for flat and hierarchical data ; in machine learning , distance - based algorithms , and other approaches , use information that is represented by propositional data . however , this kind of representation can be quite restrictive and , in many cases , it requires more complex structures in order to represent data in a more natural way . terms are the basis for functional and logic programming representation . distances between terms are a useful tool not only to compare terms , b ←
→ where are bottlenecks in nk fitness landscapes ? ; usually the offspring - parent fitness correlation is used to visualize and analyze some caracteristics of fitness landscapes such as evolvability . in this paper , we introduce a more general representation of this correlation , the fitness cloud ( fc ). we use the bottleneck metaphor to emphasise fitness levels in landscape that cause local search process to slow down . for a local search heuristic such as hill - climbing or simulated annealing , fc allows to visuali ←
→ replacement autoencoder : a privacy - preserving algorithm for sensory data analysis ; an increasing number of sensors on mobile , internet of things ( iot ), and wearable devices generate time - series measurements of physical activities . though access to the sensory data is critical to the success of many beneficial applications such as health monitoring or activity recognition , a wide range of potentially sensitive information about the individuals can also be discovered through access to sensory data and this ←
→ data augmentation via levy processes ; if a document is about travel , we may expect that short snippets of the document should also be about travel . we introduce a general framework for incorporating these types of invariances into a discriminative classifier . the framework imagines data as being drawn from a slice of a levy process . if we slice the levy process at an earlier point in time , we obtain additional pseudo - examples , which can be used to train the classifier . we show that this scheme has two desi ←
→ nematus : a toolkit for neural machine translation ; we present nematus , a toolkit for neural machine translation . the toolkit prioritizes high translation accuracy , usability , and extensibility . nematus has been used to build top - performing submissions to shared translation tasks at wmt and iwslt , and has been used to train systems for production environments .←
→ wavelet - based semantic features for hyperspectral signature discrimination ; hyperspectral signature classification is a quantitative analysis approach for hyperspectral imagery which performs detection and classification of the constituent materials at the pixel level in the scene . the classification procedure can be operated directly on hyperspectral data or performed by using some features extracted from the corresponding hyperspectral signatures containing information like the signature ' s energy or sh ←
→ principal component analysis with tensor train subspace ; tensor train is a hierarchical tensor network structure that helps alleviate the curse of dimensionality by parameterizing large - scale multidimensional data via a set of network of low - rank tensors . associated with such a construction is a notion of tensor train subspace and in this paper we propose a tt - pca algorithm for estimating this structured subspace from the given data . by maintaining low rank tensor structure , tt - pca is more robust to noise ←
→ a deep unsupervised learning approach toward mtbi identification using diffusion mri ; mild traumatic brain injury ( mtbi ) is a growing public health problem with an estimated incidence of one million people annually in us . neurocognitive tests have been used to both assess the patient condition and to monitor the patient progress . this work aims to directly use diffusion mr images taken shortly after injury to detect whether a patient suffers from mtbi , by incorporating deep learning techniques . to overco ←
→ metric entropy in competitive on - line prediction ; competitive on - line prediction ( also known as universal prediction of individual sequences ) is a strand of learning theory avoiding making any stochastic assumptions about the way the observations are generated . the predictor ' s goal is to compete with a benchmark class of prediction rules , which is often a proper banach function space . metric entropy provides a unifying framework for competitive on - line prediction : the numerous known upper bounds on the met ←
→ fine - tuning deep cnn models on specific ms coco categories ; fine - tuning of a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) is often desired . this paper provides an overview of our publicly available py - faster - rcnn - ft software library that can be used to fine - tune the vgg_cnn_m_1024 model on custom subsets of the microsoft common objects in context ( ms coco ) dataset . for example , we improved the procedure so that the user does not have to look for suitable image files in the dataset by hand which can then be used ←
→ vbald - variational bayesian approximation of log determinants ; evaluating the log determinant of a positive definite matrix is ubiquitous in machine learning . applications thereof range from gaussian processes , minimum - volume ellipsoids , metric learning , kernel learning , bayesian neural networks , determinental point processes , markov random fields to partition functions of discrete graphical models . in order to avoid the canonical , yet prohibitive , cholesky $\ mathcal { o }( n ^{ 3 })$ computational cost , we prop ←
→" having 2 hours to write a paper is fun !": detecting sarcasm in numerical portions of text ; sarcasm occurring due to the presence of numerical portions in text has been quoted as an error made by automatic sarcasm detection approaches in the past . we present a first study in detecting sarcasm in numbers , as in the case of the sentence ' love waking up at 4 am '. we analyze the challenges of the problem , and present rule - based , machine learning and deep learning approaches to detect sarcasm in numerical por ←
→ fuzzy model on human emotions recognition ; this paper discusses a fuzzy model for multi - level human emotions recognition by computer systems through keyboard keystrokes , mouse and touchscreen interactions . this model can also be used to detect the other possible emotions at the time of recognition . accuracy measurements of human emotions by the fuzzy model are discussed through two methods ; the first is accuracy analysis and the second is false positive rate analysis . this fuzzy model detects more emotions ←
→ improved phase - unwrapping method using geometric constraints ; conventional dual - frequency fringe projection algorithm often suffers from phase unwrapping failure when the frequency ratio between the high frequency and the low one is too large . zhang et . al . proposed an enhanced two - frequency phase - shifting method to use geometric constraints of digital fringe projection ( dfp ) to reduce the noise impact due to the large frequency ratio . however , this method needs to calibrate the dfp system and calculate the ←
→ estimating quality in multi - objective bandits optimization ; many real - world applications are characterized by a number of conflicting performance measures . as optimizing in a multi - objective setting leads to a set of non - dominated solutions , a preference function is required for selecting the solution with the appropriate trade - off between the objectives . the question is : how good do estimations of these objectives have to be in order for the solution maximizing the preference function to remain unchanged ?←
→ word embeddings for the construction domain ; we introduce word vectors for the construction domain . our vectors were obtained by running word2vec on an 11m - word corpus that we created from scratch by leveraging freely - accessible online sources of construction - related text . we first explore the embedding space and show that our vectors capture meaningful construction - specific concepts . we then evaluate the performance of our vectors against that of ones trained on a 100b - word corpus ( google news ) within the ←
→ assessing forensic evidence by computing belief functions ; we first discuss certain problems with the classical probabilistic approach for assessing forensic evidence , in particular its inability to distinguish between lack of belief and disbelief , and its inability to model complete ignorance within a given population . we then discuss shafer belief functions , a generalization of probability distributions , which can deal with both these objections . we use a calculus of belief functions which does not use t ←
→ on the hilbert transform of wavelets ; a wavelet is a localized function having a prescribed number of vanishing moments . in this correspondence , we provide precise arguments as to why the hilbert transform of a wavelet is again a wavelet . in particular , we provide sharp estimates of the localization , vanishing moments , and smoothness of the transformed wavelet . we work in the general setting of non - compactly supported wavelets . our main result is that , in the presence of some minimal smoothness and decay , ←
→ unsupervised despeckling ; contrast and quality of ultrasound images are adversely affected by the excessive presence of speckle . however , being an inherent imaging property , speckle helps in tissue characterization and tracking . thus , despeckling of the ultrasound images requires the reduction of speckle extent without any oversmoothing . in this letter , we aim to address the despeckling problem using an unsupervised deep adversarial approach . a despeckling residual neural network ( drnn ) is trained with an ←
→ predicting runtime distributions using deep neural networks ; many state - of - the - art algorithms for solving hard combinatorial problems include elements of stochasticity that lead to high variations in runtime , even for a fixed problem instance , across runs with different pseudo - random number seeds . knowledge about the runtime distributions ( rtds ) of algorithms on given problem instances can be exploited in various meta - algorithmic procedures , such as algorithm selection , portfolios , and randomized restarts .←
→ fast support vector machines using parallel adaptive shrinking on distributed systems ; support vector machines ( svm ), a popular machine learning technique , has been applied to a wide range of domains such as science , finance , and social networks for supervised learning . whether it is identifying high - risk patients by health - care professionals , or potential high - school students to enroll in college by school districts , svms can play a major role for social good . this paper undertakes the challenge of desi ←
→ on the linear belief compression of pomdps : a re - examination of current methods ; belief compression improves the tractability of large - scale partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) by finding projections from high - dimensional belief space onto low - dimensional approximations , where solving to obtain action selection policies requires fewer computations . this paper develops a unified theoretical framework to analyse three existing linear belief compression approaches , including value - direct ←
→ unsupervised discovery of toxoplasma gondii motility phenotypes ; toxoplasma gondii is a parasitic protozoan that causes dis - seminated toxoplasmosis , a disease that afflicts roughly a third of the worlds population . its virulence is predicated on its motility and ability to enter and exit nucleated cells ; therefore , studies elucidating its mechanism of motility and in particular , its motility patterns in the context of its lytic cycle , are critical to the eventual development of therapeutic strate - gies . h ←
→ a novel nonconvex approach to recover the low - tubal - rank tensor data : when t - svd meets pssv ; a recently developed novel tensor decomposition scheme named tensor singular value decomposition ( t - svd ) results in a notion of rank referred to as the tubal - rank . many methods minimize its convex surrogate the tensor nuclear norm ( tnn ) to enhance the low tubal - rankness of the underlying data . generally , minimizing the tnn may cause some biases . in this paper , to alleviate these bias phenomenons , we consider to m ←
→ moviegraphs : towards understanding human - centric situations from videos ; there is growing interest in artificial intelligence to build socially intelligent robots . this requires machines to have the ability to " read " people ' s emotions , motivations , and other factors that affect behavior . towards this goal , we introduce a novel dataset called moviegraphs which provides detailed , graph - based annotations of social situations depicted in movie clips . each graph consists of several types of nodes , to capture wh ←
→ real - time crowd tracking using parameter optimized mixture of motion models ; we present a novel , real - time algorithm to track the trajectory of each pedestrian in moderately dense crowded scenes . our formulation is based on an adaptive particle - filtering scheme that uses a combination of various multi - agent heterogeneous pedestrian simulation models . we automatically compute the optimal parameters for each of these different models based on prior tracked data and use the best model as motion prior for ou ←
→ exploring a type - theoretic approach to accessibility constraint modelling ; the type - theoretic modelling of drt that [ degroote06 ] proposed features continuations for the management of the context in which a clause has to be interpreted . this approach , while keeping the standard definitions of quantifier scope , translates the rules of the accessibility constraints of discourse referents inside the semantic recipes . in this paper , we deal with additional rules for these accessibility constraints . in particu ←
→ measuring the effect of discourse relations on blog summarization ; the work presented in this paper attempts to evaluate and quantify the use of discourse relations in the context of blog summarization and compare their use to more traditional and factual texts . specifically , we measured the usefulness of 6 discourse relations - namely comparison , contingency , illustration , attribution , topic - opinion , and attributive for the task of text summarization from blogs . we have evaluated the effect of each relati ←
→ using artificial intelligence for model selection ; we apply the optimization algorithm adaptive simulated annealing ( asa ) to the problem of analyzing data on a large population and selecting the best model to predict that an individual with various traits will have a particular disease . we compare asa with traditional forward and backward regression on computer simulated data . we find that the traditional methods of modeling are better for smaller data sets whereas a numerically stable asa seems to perform ←
→ efficient unsupervised temporal segmentation of motion data ; we introduce a method for automated temporal segmentation of human motion data into distinct actions and compositing motion primitives based on self - similar structures in the motion sequence . we use neighbourhood graphs for the partitioning and the similarity information in the graph is further exploited to cluster the motion primitives into larger entities of semantic significance . the method requires no assumptions about the motion sequences at ←
→ analysis and extension of arc - cosine kernels for large margin classification ; we investigate a recently proposed family of positive - definite kernels that mimic the computation in large neural networks . we examine the properties of these kernels using tools from differential geometry ; specifically , we analyze the geometry of surfaces in hilbert space that are induced by these kernels . when this geometry is described by a riemannian manifold , we derive results for the metric , curvature , and volume element .←
→ me r - cnn : multi - expert r - cnn for object detection ; we introduce multi - expert region - based cnn ( me r - cnn ) which is equipped with multiple experts and built on top of the r - cnn framework known to be one of the state - of - the - art object detection methods . me r - cnn focuses in better capturing the appearance variations caused by different shapes , poses , and viewing angles . the proposed approach consists of three experts each responsible for objects with particular shapes : horizontally elongated , square - like , and ←
→ using trusted data to train deep networks on labels corrupted by severe noise ; the growing importance of massive datasets with the advent of deep learning makes robustness to label noise a critical property for classifiers to have . sources of label noise include automatic labeling for large datasets , non - expert labeling , and label corruption by data poisoning adversaries . in the latter case , corruptions may be arbitrarily bad , even so bad that a classifier predicts the wrong labels with high confidence . ←
→ the effects of data size and frequency range on distributional semantic models ; this paper investigates the effects of data size and frequency range on distributional semantic models . we compare the performance of a number of representative models for several test settings over data of varying sizes , and over test items of various frequency . our results show that neural network - based models underperform when the data is small , and that the most reliable model over data of varying sizes and frequency rang ←
→ subspace clustering of high - dimensional data : a predictive approach ; in several application domains , high - dimensional observations are collected and then analysed in search for naturally occurring data clusters which might provide further insights about the nature of the problem . in this paper we describe a new approach for partitioning such high - dimensional data . our assumption is that , within each cluster , the data can be approximated well by a linear subspace estimated by means of a principal component ←
→ recognition of grasp points for clothes manipulation under unconstrained conditions ; in this work a system for recognizing grasp points in rgb - d images is proposed . this system is intended to be used by a domestic robot when deploying clothes lying at a random position on a table . by taking into consideration that the grasp points are usually near key parts of clothing , such as the waist of pants or the neck of a shirt . the proposed system attempts to detect these key parts first , using a local multivari ←
→ online training of an opto - electronic reservoir computer applied to real - time channel equalisation ; reservoir computing is a bio - inspired computing paradigm for processing time dependent signals . the performance of its analogue implementation are comparable to other state of the art algorithms for tasks such as speech recognition or chaotic time series prediction , but these are often constrained by the offline training methods commonly employed . here we investigated the online learning approach by traini ←
→ generalization without systematicity : on the compositional skills of sequence - to - sequence recurrent networks ; humans can understand and produce new utterances effortlessly , thanks to their compositional skills . once a person learns the meaning of a new verb " dax ," he or she can immediately understand the meaning of " dax twice " or " sing and dax ." in this paper , we introduce the scan domain , consisting of a set of simple compositional navigation commands paired with the corresponding action sequences . we t ←
→ large - scale feature selection of risk genetic factors for alzheimer ' s disease via distributed group lasso regression ; genome - wide association studies ( gwas ) have achieved great success in the genetic study of alzheimer ' s disease ( ad ). collaborative imaging genetics studies across different research institutions show the effectiveness of detecting genetic risk factors . however , the high dimensionality of gwas data poses significant challenges in detecting risk snps for ad . selecting relevant features is c ←
→ blind normalization of speech from different channels and speakers ; this paper describes representations of time - dependent signals that are invariant under any invertible time - independent transformation of the signal time series . such a representation is created by rescaling the signal in a non - linear dynamic manner that is determined by recently encountered signal levels . this technique may make it possible to normalize signals that are related by channel - dependent and speaker - dependent transformations , w ←
→ symbolic ltlf synthesis ; ltlf synthesis is the process of finding a strategy that satisfies a linear temporal specification over finite traces . an existing solution to this problem relies on a reduction to a dfa game . in this paper , we propose a symbolic framework for ltlf synthesis based on this technique , by performing the computation over a representation of the dfa as a boolean formula rather than as an explicit graph . this approach enables strategy generation by utilizing the mechanism of boolean synt ←
→ quantitative evaluation of the performance of discrete - time reservoir computers in the forecasting , filtering , and reconstruction of stochastic stationary signals ; this paper extends the notion of information processing capacity for non - independent input signals in the context of reservoir computing ( rc ). the presence of input autocorrelation makes worthwhile the treatment of forecasting and filtering problems for which we explicitly compute this generalized capacity as a function of the reservoir para ←
→ part of speech tagging in thai language using support vector machine ; the elastic - input neuro tagger and hybrid tagger , combined with a neural network and brill ' s error - driven learning , have already been proposed for the purpose of constructing a practical tagger using as little training data as possible . when a small thai corpus is used for training , these taggers have tagging accuracies of 94 . 4 % and 95 . 5 % ( accounting only for the ambiguous words in terms of the part of speech ), respectively . in this stud ←
→ semi - supervised recognition of the diploglossus millepunctatus lizard species using artificial vision algorithms ; animal biometrics is an important requirement for monitoring and conservation tasks . the classical animal biometrics risk the animals ' integrity , are expensive for numerous animals , and depend on expert criterion . the non - invasive biometrics techniques offer alternatives to manage the aforementioned problems . in this paper we propose an automatic segmentation and identification algorithm base ←
→ text segmentation with character - level text embeddings ; learning word representations has recently seen much success in computational linguistics . however , assuming sequences of word tokens as input to linguistic analysis is often unjustified . for many languages word segmentation is a non - trivial task and naturally occurring text is sometimes a mixture of natural language strings and other character data . we propose to learn text representations directly from raw character sequences by training a simple re ←
→ learning compact structural representations for audio events using regressor banks ; we introduce a new learned descriptor for audio signals which is efficient for event representation . the entries of the descriptor are produced by evaluating a set of regressors on the input signal . the regressors are class - specific and trained using the random regression forests framework . given an input signal , each regressor estimates the onset and offset positions of the target event . the estimation confidence scores ←
→ controlled sparsity kernel learning ; multiple kernel learning ( mkl ) on support vector machines ( svms ) has been a popular front of research in recent times due to its success in application problems like object categorization . this success is due to the fact that mkl has the ability to choose from a variety of feature kernels to identify the optimal kernel combination . but the initial formulation of mkl was only able to select the best of the features and misses out many other informative kernels presented . t ←
→ a genetic programming approach to designing convolutional neural network architectures ; the convolutional neural network ( cnn ), which is one of the deep learning models , has seen much success in a variety of computer vision tasks . however , designing cnn architectures still requires expert knowledge and a lot of trial and error . in this paper , we attempt to automatically construct cnn architectures for an image classification task based on cartesian genetic programming ( cgp ). in our method , we adopt highl ←
→ functional bipartite ranking : a wavelet - based filtering approach ; it is the main goal of this article to address the bipartite ranking issue from the perspective of functional data analysis ( fda ). given a training set of independent realizations of a ( possibly sampled ) second - order random function with a ( locally ) smooth autocorrelation structure and to which a binary label is randomly assigned , the objective is to learn a scoring function s with optimal roc curve . based on linear / nonlinear wavelet - based a ←
→ continual learning in generative adversarial nets ; developments in deep generative models have allowed for tractable learning of high - dimensional data distributions . while the employed learning procedures typically assume that training data is drawn i . i . d . from the distribution of interest , it may be desirable to model distinct distributions which are observed sequentially , such as when different classes are encountered over time . although conditional variations of deep generative models permit multiple di ←
→ gradient episodic memory for continual learning ; one major obstacle towards ai is the poor ability of models to solve new problems quicker , and without forgetting previously acquired knowledge . to better understand this issue , we study the problem of continual learning , where the model observes , once and one by one , examples concerning a sequence of tasks . first , we propose a set of metrics to evaluate models learning over a continuum of data . these metrics characterize models not only by their test accura ←
→ introduction to neutrosophic statistics ; neutrosophic statistics means statistical analysis of population or sample that has indeterminate ( imprecise , ambiguous , vague , incomplete , unknown ) data . for example , the population or sample size might not be exactly determinate because of some individuals that partially belong to the population or sample , and partially they do not belong , or individuals whose appurtenance is completely unknown . also , there are population or sample individuals whose data could be ←
→ summarization of icu patient motion from multimodal multiview videos ; clinical observations indicate that during critical care at the hospitals , patients sleep positioning and motion affect recovery . unfortunately , there is no formal medical protocol to record , quantify , and analyze patient motion . there is a small number of clinical studies , which use manual analysis of sleep poses and motion recordings to support medical benefits of patient positioning and motion monitoring . manual processes are not scal ←
→ enhanced boolean correlation matrix memory ; this paper introduces an enhanced boolean version of the correlation matrix memory ( cmm ), which is useful to work with binary memories . a novel boolean orthonormalization process ( bop ) is presented to convert a non - orthonormal boolean basis , i . e ., a set of non - orthonormal binary vectors ( in a boolean sense ) to an orthonormal boolean basis , i . e ., a set of orthonormal binary vectors ( in a boolean sense ). this work shows that it is possible to improve the performanc ←
→ learning unbelievable marginal probabilities ; loopy belief propagation performs approximate inference on graphical models with loops . one might hope to compensate for the approximation by adjusting model parameters . learning algorithms for this purpose have been explored previously , and the claim has been made that every set of locally consistent marginals can arise from belief propagation run on a graphical model . on the contrary , here we show that many probability distributions have marginals that cannot ←
→ reliable attribute - based object recognition using high predictive value classifiers ; we consider the problem of object recognition in 3d using an ensemble of attribute - based classifiers . we propose two new concepts to improve classification in practical situations , and show their implementation in an approach implemented for recognition from point - cloud data . first , the viewing conditions can have a strong influence on classification performance . we study the impact of the distance between the camera and ←
→ automated detection of individual micro - calcifications from mammograms using a multi - stage cascade approach ; in mammography , the efficacy of computer - aided detection methods depends , in part , on the robust localisation of micro - calcifications ($\ mu $ c ). currently , the most effective methods are based on three steps : 1 ) detection of individual $\ mu $ c candidates , 2 ) clustering of individual $\ mu $ c candidates , and 3 ) classification of $\ mu $ c clusters . where the second step is motivated both to reduce the num ←
→ elf : an extensive , lightweight and flexible research platform for real - time strategy games ; in this paper , we propose elf , an extensive , lightweight and flexible platform for fundamental reinforcement learning research . using elf , we implement a highly customizable real - time strategy ( rts ) engine with three game environments ( mini - rts , capture the flag and tower defense ). mini - rts , as a miniature version of starcraft , captures key game dynamics and runs at 40k frame - per - second ( fps ) per core on a macbook ←
→ improving opinion - target extraction with character - level word embeddings ; fine - grained sentiment analysis is receiving increasing attention in recent years . extracting opinion target expressions ( ote ) in reviews is often an important step in fine - grained , aspect - based sentiment analysis . retrieving this information from user - generated text , however , can be difficult . customer reviews , for instance , are prone to contain misspelled words and are difficult to process due to their domain - specific language . in ←
→ deep learning - based image kernel for inductive transfer ; we propose a method to classify images from target classes with a small number of training examples based on transfer learning from non - target classes . without using any more information than class labels for samples from non - target classes , we train a siamese net to estimate the probability of two images to belong to the same class . with some post - processing , output of the siamese net can be used to form a gram matrix of a mercer kernel . coupled wit ←
→ ganerated hands for real - time 3d hand tracking from monocular rgb ; we address the highly challenging problem of real - time 3d hand tracking based on a monocular rgb - only sequence . our tracking method combines a convolutional neural network with a kinematic 3d hand model , such that it generalizes well to unseen data , is robust to occlusions and varying camera viewpoints , and leads to anatomically plausible as well as temporally smooth hand motions . for training our cnn we propose a novel approach for the syn ←
→ multiband nfc for high - throughput wireless computer vision sensor network ; vision sensors lie in the heart of computer vision . in many computer vision applications , such as ar / vr , non - contacting near - field communication ( nfc ) with high throughput is required to transfer information to algorithms . in this work , we proposed a novel nfc system which utilizes multiple frequency bands to achieve high throughput .←
→ hyperplane clustering via dual principal component pursuit ; we extend the theoretical analysis of a recently proposed single subspace learning algorithm , called dual principal component pursuit ( dpcp ), to the case where the data are drawn from of a union of hyperplanes . to gain insight into the properties of the $\ ell_1 $ non - convex problem associated with dpcp , we develop a geometric analysis of a closely related continuous optimization problem . then transferring this analysis to the discrete problem , our ←
→ a stochastic model of human visual attention with a dynamic bayesian network ; recent studies in the field of human vision science suggest that the human responses to the stimuli on a visual display are non - deterministic . people may attend to different locations on the same visual input at the same time . based on this knowledge , we propose a new stochastic model of visual attention by introducing a dynamic bayesian network to predict the likelihood of where humans typically focus on a video scene . the pro ←
→ xcb , the last of the shortest single axioms for the classical equivalential calculus ; it has long been an open question whether the formula xcb = epeeepqerqr is , with the rules of substitution and detachment , a single axiom for the classical equivalential calculus . this paper answers that question affirmatively , thus completing a search for all such eleven - symbol single axioms that began seventy years ago .←
→ temporal shape super - resolution by intra - frame motion encoding using high - fps structured light ; one of the solutions of depth imaging of moving scene is to project a static pattern on the object and use just a single image for reconstruction . however , if the motion of the object is too fast with respect to the exposure time of the image sensor , patterns on the captured image are blurred and reconstruction fails . in this paper , we impose multiple projection patterns into each single captured image to real ←
→ textual entailment recognizing by theorem proving approach ; in this paper we present two original methods for recognizing textual inference . first one is a modified resolution method such that some linguistic considerations are introduced in the unification of two atoms . the approach is possible due to the recent methods of transforming texts in logic formulas . second one is based on semantic relations in text , as presented in wordnet . some similarities between these two methods are remarked .←
→ sublabel - accurate relaxation of nonconvex energies ; we propose a novel spatially continuous framework for convex relaxations based on functional lifting . our method can be interpreted as a sublabel - accurate solution to multilabel problems . we show that previously proposed functional lifting methods optimize an energy which is linear between two labels and hence require ( often infinitely ) many labels for a faithful approximation . in contrast , the proposed formulation is based on a piecewise convex approxima ←
→ semi - global stereo matching with surface orientation priors ; semi - global matching ( sgm ) is a widely - used efficient stereo matching technique . it works well for textured scenes , but fails on untextured slanted surfaces due to its fronto - parallel smoothness assumption . to remedy this problem , we propose a simple extension , termed sgm - p , to utilize precomputed surface orientation priors . such priors favor different surface slants in different 2d image regions or 3d scene regions and can be derived in various ←
→ geodesic distance function learning via heat flow on vector fields ; learning a distance function or metric on a given data manifold is of great importance in machine learning and pattern recognition . many of the previous works first embed the manifold to euclidean space and then learn the distance function . however , such a scheme might not faithfully preserve the distance function if the original manifold is not euclidean . note that the distance function on a manifold can always be well - defined . in this pa ←
→ focal loss dense detector for vehicle surveillance ; deep learning has been widely recognized as a promising approach in different computer vision applications . specifically , one - stage object detector and two - stage object detector are regarded as the most important two groups of convolutional neural network based object detection methods . one - stage object detector could usually outperform two - stage object detector in speed ; however , it normally trails in detection accuracy , compared with two - stage object de ←
→ learning combinations of activation functions ; in the last decade , an active area of research has been devoted to design novel activation functions that are able to help deep neural networks to converge , obtaining better performance . the training procedure of these architectures usually involves optimization of the weights of their layers only , while non - linearities are generally pre - specified and their ( possible ) parameters are usually considered as hyper - parameters to be tuned manually . in this paper , we ←
→ online computation of sparse representations of time varying stimuli using a biologically motivated neural network ; natural stimuli are highly redundant , possessing significant spatial and temporal correlations . while sparse coding has been proposed as an efficient strategy employed by neural systems to encode sensory stimuli , the underlying mechanisms are still not well understood . most previous approaches model the neural dynamics by the sparse representation dictionary itself and compute the represent ←
→ active learning for hidden attributes in networks ; in many networks , vertices have hidden attributes , or types , that are correlated with the networks topology . if the topology is known but these attributes are not , and if learning the attributes is costly , we need a method for choosing which vertex to query in order to learn as much as possible about the attributes of the other vertices . we assume the network is generated by a stochastic block model , but we make no assumptions about its assortativity or di ←
→ compactified horizontal visibility graph for the language network ; a compactified horizontal visibility graph for the language network is proposed . it was found that the networks constructed in such way are scale free , and have a property that among the nodes with largest degrees there are words that determine not only a text structure communication , but also its informational structure .←
→ addendum to research mmmcv ; a man / microbio / megabio / computer vision ; in october 2007 , a research proposal for the university of sydney , australia , the author suggested that biovie - physical phenomenon as ` electrodynamic dependant biological vision ', is governed by relativistic quantum laws and biovision . the phenomenon on the basis of ` biovielectroluminescence ', satisfies man / microbio / megabio / computer vision ( mmmcv ), as a robust candidate for physical and visual sciences . the general aim of this addendum is ←
→ end - to - end conversation modeling track in dstc6 ; end - to - end training of neural networks is a promising approach to automatic construction of dialog systems using a human - to - human dialog corpus . recently , vinyals et al . tested neural conversation models using opensubtitles . lowe et al . released the ubuntu dialogue corpus for researching unstructured multi - turn dialogue systems . furthermore , the approach has been extended to accomplish task oriented dialogs to provide information properly with natural conver ←
→ fast neuromimetic object recognition using fpga outperforms gpu implementations ; recognition of objects in still images has traditionally been regarded as a difficult computational problem . although modern automated methods for visual object recognition have achieved steadily increasing recognition accuracy , even the most advanced computational vision approaches are unable to obtain performance equal to that of humans . this has led to the creation of many biologically - inspired models of visual object rec ←
→ accelerated stochastic quasi - newton optimization on riemann manifolds ; we propose an l - bfgs optimization algorithm on riemannian manifolds using minibatched stochastic variance reduction techniques for fast convergence with constant step sizes , without resorting to linesearch methods designed to satisfy wolfe conditions . we provide a new convergence proof for strongly convex functions without using curvature conditions on the manifold , as well as a convergence discussion for nonconvex functions . we discuss ←
→ improved quick hypervolume algorithm ; in this paper , we present a significant improvement of quick hypervolume algorithm , one of the state - of - the - art algorithms for calculating exact hypervolume of the space dominated by a set of d - dimensional points . this value is often used as a quality indicator in multiobjective evolutionary algorithms and other multiobjective metaheuristics and the efficiency of calculating this indicator is of crucial importance especially in the case of large sets or many dimensiona ←
→ predicting and visualizing psychological attributions with a deep neural network ; judgments about personality based on facial appearance are strong effectors in social decision making , and are known to have impact on areas from presidential elections to jury decisions . recent work has shown that it is possible to predict perception of memorability , trustworthiness , intelligence and other attributes in human face images . the most successful of these approaches require face images expertly annotated with k ←
→ learning link - probabilities in causal trees ; a learning algorithm is presented which given the structure of a causal tree , will estimate its link probabilities by sequential measurements on the leaves only . internal nodes of the tree represent conceptual ( hidden ) variables inaccessible to observation . the method described is incremental , local , efficient , and remains robust to measurement imprecisions .←
→ implementing the deep q - network ; the deep q - network proposed by mnih et al . [ 2015 ] has become a benchmark and building point for much deep reinforcement learning research . however , replicating results for complex systems is often challenging since original scientific publications are not always able to describe in detail every important parameter setting and software engineering solution . in this paper , we present results from our work reproducing the results of the dqn paper . we highlight key areas in the ←
→ safe triplet screening for distance metric learning ; we study safe screening for metric learning . distance metric learning can optimize a metric over a set of triplets , each one of which is defined by a pair of same class instances and an instance in a different class . however , the number of possible triplets is quite huge even for a small dataset . our safe triplet screening identifies triplets which can be safely removed from the optimization problem without losing the optimality . compared with existing s ←
→ a comprehensive study of batch construction strategies for recurrent neural networks in mxnet ; in this work we compare different batch construction methods for mini - batch training of recurrent neural networks . while popular implementations like tensorflow and mxnet suggest a bucketing approach to improve the parallelization capabilities of the recurrent training process , we propose a simple ordering strategy that arranges the training sequences in a stochastic alternatingly sorted way . we compare our met ←
→ guiding long - short term memory for image caption generation ; in this work we focus on the problem of image caption generation . we propose an extension of the long short term memory ( lstm ) model , which we coin glstm for short . in particular , we add semantic information extracted from the image as extra input to each unit of the lstm block , with the aim of guiding the model towards solutions that are more tightly coupled to the image content . additionally , we explore different length normalization strategies ←
→ handwritten isolated bangla compound character recognition : a new benchmark using a novel deep learning approach ; in this work , a novel deep learning technique for the recognition of handwritten bangla isolated compound character is presented and a new benchmark of recognition accuracy on the cmaterdb 3 . 1 . 3 . 3 dataset is reported . greedy layer wise training of deep neural network has helped to make significant strides in various pattern recognition problems . we employ layerwise training to deep convolutio ←
→ open answer set programming with guarded programs ; open answer set programming ( oasp ) is an extension of answer set programming where one may ground a program with an arbitrary superset of the program ' s constants . we define a fixed point logic ( fpl ) extension of clark ' s completion such that open answer sets correspond to models of fpl formulas and identify a syntactic subclass of programs , called ( loosely ) guarded programs . whereas reasoning with general programs in oasp is undecidable , the fpl translation ←
→ preliminaries of a space situational awareness ontology ; space situational awareness ( ssa ) is vital for international safety and security , and the future of space travel . by improving ssa data - sharing we improve global ssa . computational ontology may provide one means toward that goal . this paper develops the ontology of the ssa domain and takes steps in the creation of the space situational awareness ontology . ontology objectives , requirements and desiderata are outlined ; and both the ssa domain and the d ←
→ a smart stochastic algorithm for nonconvex optimization with applications to robust machine learning ; in this paper , we show how to transform any optimization problem that arises from fitting a machine learning model into one that ( 1 ) detects and removes contaminated data from the training set while ( 2 ) simultaneously fitting the trimmed model on the uncontaminated data that remains . to solve the resulting nonconvex optimization problem , we introduce a fast stochastic proximal - gradient algorithm that inc ←
→ vulnerability of deep reinforcement learning to policy induction attacks ; deep learning classifiers are known to be inherently vulnerable to manipulation by intentionally perturbed inputs , named adversarial examples . in this work , we establish that reinforcement learning techniques based on deep q - networks ( dqns ) are also vulnerable to adversarial input perturbations , and verify the transferability of adversarial examples across different dqn models . furthermore , we present a novel class of attacks based o ←
→ a linear time natural evolution strategy for non - separable functions ; we present a novel natural evolution strategy ( nes ) variant , the rank - one nes ( r1 - nes ), which uses a low rank approximation of the search distribution covariance matrix . the algorithm allows computation of the natural gradient with cost linear in the dimensionality of the parameter space , and excels in solving high - dimensional non - separable problems , including the best result to date on the rosenbrock function ( 512 dimensions ).←
→ an adaptation of topic modeling to sentences ; advances in topic modeling have yielded effective methods for characterizing the latent semantics of textual data . however , applying standard topic modeling approaches to sentence - level tasks introduces a number of challenges . in this paper , we adapt the approach of latent - dirichlet allocation to include an additional layer for incorporating information about the sentence boundaries in documents . we show that the addition of this minimal information of document ←
→ guiding the search in continuous state - action spaces by learning an action sampling distribution from off - target samples ; in robotics , it is essential to be able to plan efficiently in high - dimensional continuous state - action spaces for long horizons . for such complex planning problems , unguided uniform sampling of actions until a path to a goal is found is hopelessly inefficient , and gradient - based approaches often fall short when the optimization manifold of a given problem is not smooth . in this paper ←
→ weakly - supervised dictionary learning ; we present a probabilistic modeling and inference framework for discriminative analysis dictionary learning under a weak supervision setting . dictionary learning approaches have been widely used for tasks such as low - level signal denoising and restoration as well as high - level classification tasks , which can be applied to audio and image analysis . synthesis dictionary learning aims at jointly learning a dictionary and corresponding sparse coefficients to provide accur ←
→ sistem penunjang keputusan kelayakan pemberian pinjaman dengna metode fuzzy tsukamoto ; decision support systems ( dss ) can be used to help settlement issues or decisions that are semi - structured or structured . the method used is fuzzy tsukamoto . pt triprima finance is a company engaged in the service sector lending with collateral in the form of motor vehicle owner book or car ( reg ). pt . triprima finance should consider borrowing from its customers with the consent of the head manager . such approval requi ←
→ global minimum for a finsler elastica minimal path approach ; in this paper , we propose a novel curvature - penalized minimal path model via an orientation - lifted finsler metric and the euler elastica curve . the original minimal path model computes the globally minimal geodesic by solving an eikonal partial differential equation ( pde ). essentially , this first - order model is unable to penalize curvature which is related to the path rigidity property in the classical active contour models . to solve this problem ←
→ heart disease prediction system using associative classification and genetic algorithm ; associative classification is a recent and rewarding technique which integrates association rule mining and classification to a model for prediction and achieves maximum accuracy . associative classifiers are especially fit to applications where maximum accuracy is desired to a model for prediction . there are many domains such as medical where the maximum accuracy of the model is desired . heart disease is a single larg ←
→ five modulus method for image compression ; data is compressed by reducing its redundancy , but this also makes the data less reliable , more prone to errors . in this paper a novel approach of image compression based on a new method that has been created for image compression which is called five modulus method ( fmm ). the new method consists of converting each pixel value in an 8 - by - 8 block into a multiple of 5 for each of the r , g and b arrays . after that , the new values could be divided by 5 to get new valu ←
→ xapagy : a cognitive architecture for narrative reasoning ; we introduce the xapagy cognitive architecture : a software system designed to perform narrative reasoning . the architecture has been designed from scratch to model and mimic the activities performed by humans when witnessing , reading , recalling , narrating and talking about stories .←
→ round trip time prediction using the symbolic function network approach ; in this paper , we develop a novel approach to model the internet round trip time using a recently proposed symbolic type neural network model called symbolic function network . the developed predictor is shown to have good generalization performance and simple representation compared to the multilayer perceptron based predictors .←
→ predict and constrain : modeling cardinality in deep structured prediction ; many machine learning problems require the prediction of multi - dimensional labels . such structured prediction models can benefit from modeling dependencies between labels . recently , several deep learning approaches to structured prediction have been proposed . here we focus on capturing cardinality constraints in such models . namely , constraining the number of non - zero labels that the model outputs . such constraints have proven ver ←
→ scalable nonlinear embeddings for semantic category - based image retrieval ; we propose a novel algorithm for the task of supervised discriminative distance learning by nonlinearly embedding vectors into a low dimensional euclidean space . we work in the challenging setting where supervision is with constraints on similar and dissimilar pairs while training . the proposed method is derived by an approximate kernelization of a linear mahalanobis - like distance metric learning algorithm and can also be seen as ←
→ performance evaluation of machine learning algorithms in post - operative life expectancy in the lung cancer patients ; the nature of clinical data makes it difficult to quickly select , tune and apply machine learning algorithms to clinical prognosis . as a result , a lot of time is spent searching for the most appropriate machine learning algorithms applicable in clinical prognosis that contains either binary - valued or multi - valued attributes . the study set out to identify and evaluate the performance of mac ←
→ online low - rank subspace learning from incomplete data : a bayesian view ; extracting the underlying low - dimensional space where high - dimensional signals often reside has long been at the center of numerous algorithms in the signal processing and machine learning literature during the past few decades . at the same time , working with incomplete ( partly observed ) large scale datasets has recently been commonplace for diverse reasons . this so called {\ it big data era } we are currently living calls for devising ←
→ a novel approach for protein structure prediction ; the idea of this project is to study the protein structure and sequence relationship using the hidden markov model and artificial neural network . in this context we have assumed two hidden markov models . in first model we have taken protein secondary structures as hidden and protein sequences as observed . in second model we have taken protein sequences as hidden and protein structures as observed . the efficiencies for both the hidden markov models have bee ←
→ spatio - temporal spike and slab priors for multiple measurement vector problems ; we are interested in solving the multiple measurement vector ( mmv ) problem for instances , where the underlying sparsity pattern exhibit spatio - temporal structure motivated by the electroencephalogram ( eeg ) source localization problem . we propose a probabilistic model that takes this structure into account by generalizing the structured spike and slab prior and the associated expectation propagation inference scheme . based on ←
→ temporal relations : reference or discourse coherence ? ; the temporal relations that hold between events described by successive utterances are often left implicit or underspecified . we address the role of two phenomena with respect to the recovery of these relations : ( 1 ) the referential properties of tense , and ( 2 ) the role of temporal constraints imposed by coherence relations . we account for several facets of the identification of temporal relations through an integration of these .←
→ a contextual - bandit approach to personalized news article recommendation ; personalized web services strive to adapt their services ( advertisements , news articles , etc ) to individual users by making use of both content and user information . despite a few recent advances , this problem remains challenging for at least two reasons . first , web service is featured with dynamically changing pools of content , rendering traditional collaborative filtering methods inapplicable . second , the scale of most web services ←
→ a study on clustering for clustering based image de - noising ; in this paper , the problem of de - noising of an image contaminated with additive white gaussian noise ( awgn ) is studied . this subject is an open problem in signal processing for more than 50 years . local methods suggested in recent years , have obtained better results than global methods . however by more intelligent training in such a way that first , important data is more effective for training , second , clustering in such way that training blocks ←
→ multivariate median filters and partial differential equations ; multivariate median filters have been proposed as generalisations of the well - established median filter for grey - value images to multi - channel images . as multivariate median , most of the recent approaches use the $ l ^ 1 $ median , i . e .\ the minimiser of an objective function that is the sum of distances to all input points . many properties of univariate median filters generalise to such a filter . however , the famous result by guichard and morel ab ←
→ voxel - wise weighted mr image enhancement using an extended neighborhood filter ; we present an edge preserving and denoising filter for enhancing the features in images , which contain an roi having a narrow spatial extent . typical examples include angiograms , or roi spatially distributed in multiple locations and contained within an outlying region , such as in multiple - sclerosis . the filtering involves determination of multiplicative weights in the spatial domain using an extended set of neighborhood dire ←
→ regal : a regularization based algorithm for reinforcement learning in weakly communicating mdps ; we provide an algorithm that achieves the optimal regret rate in an unknown weakly communicating markov decision process ( mdp ). the algorithm proceeds in episodes where , in each episode , it picks a policy using regularization based on the span of the optimal bias vector . for an mdp with s states and a actions whose optimal bias vector has span bounded by h , we show a regret bound of ~ o ( hspat ). we also relate ←
→ benchmarking for bayesian reinforcement learning ; in the bayesian reinforcement learning ( brl ) setting , agents try to maximise the collected rewards while interacting with their environment while using some prior knowledge that is accessed beforehand . many brl algorithms have already been proposed , but even though a few toy examples exist in the literature , there are still no extensive or rigorous benchmarks to compare them . the paper addresses this problem , and provides a new brl comparison methodology al ←
→ revealing hidden potentials of the q - space signal in breast cancer ; mammography screening for early detection of breast lesions currently suffers from high amounts of false positive findings , which result in unnecessary invasive biopsies . diffusion - weighted mr images ( dwi ) can help to reduce many of these false - positive findings prior to biopsy . current approaches estimate tissue properties by means of quantitative parameters taken from generative , biophysical models fit to the q - space encoded signal under ←
→ spectral compressed sensing via structured matrix completion ; the paper studies the problem of recovering a spectrally sparse object from a small number of time domain samples . specifically , the object of interest with ambient dimension $ n $ is assumed to be a mixture of $ r $ complex multi - dimensional sinusoids , while the underlying frequencies can assume any value in the unit disk . conventional compressed sensing paradigms suffer from the {\ em basis mismatch } issue when imposing a discrete dictionary on the ←
→ densely connected pyramid dehazing network ; we propose a new end - to - end single image dehazing method , called densely connected pyramid dehazing network ( dcpdn ), which can jointly learn the transmission map , atmospheric light and dehazing all together . the end - to - end learning is achieved by directly embedding the atmospheric scattering model into the network , thereby ensuring that the proposed method strictly follows the physics - driven scattering model for dehazing . inspired by the dense network that can ma ←
→ dynamical spectral unmixing of multitemporal hyperspectral images ; in this paper , we consider the problem of unmixing a time series of hyperspectral images . we propose a dynamical model based on linear mixing processes at each time instant . the spectral signatures and fractional abundances of the pure materials in the scene are seen as latent variables , and assumed to follow a general dynamical structure . based on a simplified version of this model , we derive an efficient spectral unmixing algorithm to est ←
→ automatic renal segmentation in dce - mri using convolutional neural networks ; kidney function evaluation using dynamic contrast - enhanced mri ( dce - mri ) images could help in diagnosis and treatment of kidney diseases of children . automatic segmentation of renal parenchyma is an important step in this process . in this paper , we propose a time and memory efficient fully automated segmentation method which achieves high segmentation accuracy with running time in the order of seconds in both normal kidneys and ←
→ max - margin nonparametric latent feature models for link prediction ; link prediction is a fundamental task in statistical network analysis . recent advances have been made on learning flexible nonparametric bayesian latent feature models for link prediction . in this paper , we present a max - margin learning method for such nonparametric latent feature relational models . our approach attempts to unite the ideas of max - margin learning and bayesian nonparametrics to discover discriminative latent features for lin ←
→ cutset sampling for bayesian networks ; the paper presents a new sampling methodology for bayesian networks that samples only a subset of variables and applies exact inference to the rest . cutset sampling is a network structure - exploiting application of the rao - blackwellisation principle to sampling in bayesian networks . it improves convergence by exploiting memory - based inference algorithms . it can also be viewed as an anytime approximation of the exact cutset - conditioning algorithm developed by pearl . cut ←
→ handwriting recognition ; this paper describes the method to recognize offline handwritten characters . a robust algorithm for handwriting segmentation is described here with the help of which individual characters can be segmented from a selected word from a paragraph of handwritten text image which is given as input .←
→ generalization error bounds with probabilistic guarantee for sgd in nonconvex optimization ; the success of deep learning has led to a rising interest in the generalization property of the stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) method , and stability is one popular approach to study it . existing works based on stability have studied nonconvex loss functions , but only considered the generalization error of the sgd in expectation . in this paper , we establish various generalization error bounds with probabilistic ←
→ stochastic collapsed variational inference for hidden markov models ; stochastic variational inference for collapsed models has recently been successfully applied to large scale topic modelling . in this paper , we propose a stochastic collapsed variational inference algorithm for hidden markov models , in a sequential data setting . given a collapsed hidden markov model , we break its long markov chain into a set of short subchains . we propose a novel sum - product algorithm to update the posteriors of the subcha ←
→ recurrent fully convolutional neural networks for multi - slice mri cardiac segmentation ; in cardiac magnetic resonance imaging , fully - automatic segmentation of the heart enables precise structural and functional measurements to be taken , e . g . from short - axis mr images of the left - ventricle . in this work we propose a recurrent fully - convolutional network ( rfcn ) that learns image representations from the full stack of 2d slices and has the ability to leverage inter - slice spatial dependences through internal ←
→ end - to - end 3d face reconstruction with deep neural networks ; monocular 3d facial shape reconstruction from a single 2d facial image has been an active research area due to its wide applications . inspired by the success of deep neural networks ( dnn ), we propose a dnn - based approach for end - to - end 3d face reconstruction ( uh - e2far ) from a single 2d image . different from recent works that reconstruct and refine the 3d face in an iterative manner using both an rgb image and an initial 3d facial shape rendering ,←
→ a sentimental education : sentiment analysis using subjectivity summarization based on minimum cuts ; sentiment analysis seeks to identify the viewpoint ( s ) underlying a text span ; an example application is classifying a movie review as " thumbs up " or " thumbs down ". to determine this sentiment polarity , we propose a novel machine - learning method that applies text - categorization techniques to just the subjective portions of the document . extracting these portions can be implemented using efficient techniques ←
→ in defense of minhash over simhash ; minhash and simhash are the two widely adopted locality sensitive hashing ( lsh ) algorithms for large - scale data processing applications . deciding which lsh to use for a particular problem at hand is an important question , which has no clear answer in the existing literature . in this study , we provide a theoretical answer ( validated by experiments ) that minhash virtually always outperforms simhash when the data are binary , as common in practice such as search . the colli ←
→ cnn - based prediction of frame - level shot importance for video summarization ; in the internet , ubiquitous presence of redundant , unedited , raw videos has made video summarization an important problem . traditional methods of video summarization employ a heuristic set of hand - crafted features , which in many cases fail to capture subtle abstraction of a scene . this paper presents a deep learning method that maps the context of a video to the importance of a scene similar to that is perceived by humans . in pa ←
→ direction - aware semi - dense slam ; to aide simultaneous localization and mapping ( slam ), future perception systems will incorporate forms of scene understanding . in a step towards fully integrated probabilistic geometric scene understanding , localization and mapping we propose the first direction - aware semi - dense slam system . it jointly infers the directional stata center world ( scw ) segmentation and a surfel - based semi - dense map while performing real - time camera tracking . the joint scw map model connects a ←
→ confidence intervals for ab - test ; ab - testing is a very popular technique in web companies since it makes it possible to accurately predict the impact of a modification with the simplicity of a random split across users . one of the critical aspects of an ab - test is its duration and it is important to reliably compute confidence intervals associated with the metric of interest to know when to stop the test . in this paper , we define a clean mathematical framework to model the ab - test process . we then propose ←
→ auxiliary objectives for neural error detection models ; we investigate the utility of different auxiliary objectives and training strategies within a neural sequence labeling approach to error detection in learner writing . auxiliary costs provide the model with additional linguistic information , allowing it to learn general - purpose compositional features that can then be exploited for other objectives . our experiments show that a joint learning approach trained with parallel labels on in - domain data improv ←
→ fast decoding in sequence models using discrete latent variables ; autoregressive sequence models based on deep neural networks , such as rnns , wavenet and the transformer attain state - of - the - art results on many tasks . however , they are difficult to parallelize and are thus slow at processing long sequences . rnns lack parallelism both during training and decoding , while architectures like wavenet and transformer are much more parallelizable during training , yet still operate sequentially during decoding . i ←
→ understanding neural networks through deep visualization ; recent years have produced great advances in training large , deep neural networks ( dnns ), including notable successes in training convolutional neural networks ( convnets ) to recognize natural images . however , our understanding of how these models work , especially what computations they perform at intermediate layers , has lagged behind . progress in the field will be further accelerated by the development of better tools for visualizing and interpreti ←
→ human computer interaction using marker based hand gesture recognition ; human computer interaction ( hci ) has been redefined in this era . people want to interact with their devices in such a way that has physical significance in the real world , in other words , they want ergonomic input devices . in this paper , we propose a new method of interaction with computing devices having a consumer grade camera , that uses two colored markers ( red and green ) worn on tips of the fingers to generate desired hand gestures ←
→ on the synthesis of guaranteed - quality plans for robot fleets in logistics scenarios via optimization modulo theories ; in manufacturing , the increasing involvement of autonomous robots in production processes poses new challenges on the production management . in this paper we report on the usage of optimization modulo theories ( omt ) to solve certain multi - robot scheduling problems in this area . whereas currently existing methods are heuristic , our approach guarantees optimality for the computed solution .←
→ circle - based eye center localization ( cecl ) ; we propose an improved eye center localization method based on the hough transform , called circle - based eye center localization ( cecl ) that is simple , robust , and achieves accuracy on a par with typically more complex state - of - the - art methods . the cecl method relies on color and shape cues that distinguish the iris from other facial structures . the accuracy of the cecl method is demonstrated through a comparison with 15 state - of - the - art eye center localization m ←
→ probabilistic ode solvers with runge - kutta means ; runge - kutta methods are the classic family of solvers for ordinary differential equations ( odes ), and the basis for the state of the art . like most numerical methods , they return point estimates . we construct a family of probabilistic numerical methods that instead return a gauss - markov process defining a probability distribution over the ode solution . in contrast to prior work , we construct this family such that posterior means match the outputs of the run ←
→ online handwritten mathematical expressions recognition system using fuzzy neural network ; the article describes developed information technology for online recognition of handwritten mathematical expressions that based on proposed approaches to handwritten symbols recognition and structural analysis .←
→ global - local face upsampling network ; face hallucination , which is the task of generating a high - resolution face image from a low - resolution input image , is a well - studied problem that is useful in widespread application areas . face hallucination is particularly challenging when the input face resolution is very low ( e . g ., 10 x 12 pixels ) and / or the image is captured in an uncontrolled setting with large pose and illumination variations . in this paper , we revisit the algorithm introduced in [ 1 ] and present ←
→ interpretable 3d human action analysis with temporal convolutional networks ; the discriminative power of modern deep learning models for 3d human action recognition is growing ever so potent . in conjunction with the recent resurgence of 3d human action representation with 3d skeletons , the quality and the pace of recent progress have been significant . however , the inner workings of state - of - the - art learning based methods in 3d human action recognition still remain mostly black - box . in this work , we propo ←
→ mixture approximations to bayesian networks ; structure and parameters in a bayesian network uniquely specify the probability distribution of the modeled domain . the locality of both structure and probabilistic information are the great benefits of bayesian networks and require the modeler to only specify local information . on the other hand this locality of information might prevent the modeler - and even more any other person - from obtaining a general overview of the important relationships within the do ←
→ modeling documents with deep boltzmann machines ; we introduce a deep boltzmann machine model suitable for modeling and extracting latent semantic representations from a large unstructured collection of documents . we overcome the apparent difficulty of training a dbm with judicious parameter tying . this parameter tying enables an efficient pretraining algorithm and a state initialization scheme that aids inference . the model can be trained just as efficiently as a standard restricted boltzmann machine . our ←
→ n - valued refined neutrosophic logic and its applications to physics ; in this paper we present a short history of logics : from particular cases of 2 - symbol or numerical valued logic to the general case of n - symbol or numerical valued logic . we show generalizations of 2 - valued boolean logic to fuzzy logic , also from the kleene and lukasiewicz 3 - symbol valued logics or belnap 4 - symbol valued logic to the most general n - symbol or numerical valued refined neutrosophic logic . two classes of neutrosophic norm ( n -←
→ classifying options for deep reinforcement learning ; in this paper we combine one method for hierarchical reinforcement learning - the options framework - with deep q - networks ( dqns ) through the use of different " option heads " on the policy network , and a supervisory network for choosing between the different options . we utilise our setup to investigate the effects of architectural constraints in subtasks with positive and negative transfer , across a range of network capacities . we empirically show that ou ←
→ learning latent super - events to detect multiple activities in videos ; in this paper , we introduce the concept of learning latent \ emph { super - events } from activity videos , and present how it benefits activity detection in continuous videos . we define a super - event as a set of multiple events occurring together in videos with a particular temporal organization ; it is the opposite concept of sub - events . real - world videos contain multiple activities and are rarely segmented ( e . g ., surveillance videos ), and lea ←
→ proceedings fifth workshop on developments in computational models -- computational models from nature ; the special theme of dcm 2009 , co - located with icalp 2009 , concerned computational models from nature , with a particular emphasis on computational models derived from physics and biology . the intention was to bring together different approaches - in a community with a strong foundational background as proffered by the icalp attendees - to create inspirational cross - boundary exchanges , and to lead to inno ←
→ making gradient descent optimal for strongly convex stochastic optimization ; stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) is a simple and popular method to solve stochastic optimization problems which arise in machine learning . for strongly convex problems , its convergence rate was known to be o (\ log ( t )/ t ), by running sgd for t iterations and returning the average point . however , recent results showed that using a different algorithm , one can get an optimal o ( 1 / t ) rate . this might lead one to believe that standard ←
→ visual psychophysics for making face recognition algorithms more explainable ; scientific fields that are interested in faces have developed their own sets of concepts and procedures for understanding how a target model system ( be it a person or algorithm ) perceives a face under varying conditions . in computer vision , this has largely been in the form of dataset evaluation for recognition tasks where summary statistics are used to measure progress . while aggregate performance has continued to improve , und ←
→ symbolic probabilistic inference with continuous variables ; research on symbolic probabilistic inference ( spi ) [ 2 , 3 ] has provided an algorithm for resolving general queries in bayesian networks . spi applies the concept of dependency directed backward search to probabilistic inference , and is incremental with respect to both queries and observations . unlike traditional bayesian network inferencing algorithms , spi algorithm is goal directed , performing only those calculations that are required to respond to ←
→ analyzing features for the detection of happy endings in german novels ; with regard to a computational representation of literary plot , this paper looks at the use of sentiment analysis for happy ending detection in german novels . its focus lies on the investigation of previously proposed sentiment features in order to gain insight about the relevance of specific features on the one hand and the implications of their performance on the other hand . therefore , we study various partitionings of novels , consid ←
→ a spectral algorithm for latent junction trees ; latent variable models are an elegant framework for capturing rich probabilistic dependencies in many applications . however , current approaches typically parametrize these models using conditional probability tables , and learning relies predominantly on local search heuristics such as expectation maximization . using tensor algebra , we propose an alternative parameterization of latent variable models ( where the model structures are junction trees ) that still a ←
→ how will the internet of things enable augmented personalized health ? ; internet - of - things ( iot ) is profoundly redefining the way we create , consume , and share information . health aficionados and citizens are increasingly using iot technologies to track their sleep , food intake , activity , vital body signals , and other physiological observations . this is complemented by iot systems that continuously collect health - related data from the environment and inside the living quarters . together , these have created ←
→ learning solving procedure for artificial neural network ; it is expected that progress toward true artificial intelligence will be achieved through the emergence of a system that integrates representation learning and complex reasoning ( lecun et al . 2015 ). in response to this prediction , research has been conducted on implementing the symbolic reasoning of a von neumann computer in an artificial neural network ( graves et al . 2016 ; graves et al . 2014 ; reed et al . 2015 ). however , these studies have many limi ←
→ semi - supervised deep learning for monocular depth map prediction ; supervised deep learning often suffers from the lack of sufficient training data . specifically in the context of monocular depth map prediction , it is barely possible to determine dense ground truth depth images in realistic dynamic outdoor environments . when using lidar sensors , for instance , noise is present in the distance measurements , the calibration between sensors cannot be perfect , and the measurements are typically much sparser than ←
→ detecting hate speech in social media ; in this paper we examine methods to detect hate speech in social media , while distinguishing this from general profanity . we aim to establish lexical baselines for this task by applying supervised classification methods using a recently released dataset annotated for this purpose . as features , our system uses character n - grams , word n - grams and word skip - grams . we obtain results of 78 % accuracy in identifying posts across three classes . results demonstrate that the ma ←
→ a theoretical analysis of joint manifolds ; the emergence of low - cost sensor architectures for diverse modalities has made it possible to deploy sensor arrays that capture a single event from a large number of vantage points and using multiple modalities . in many scenarios , these sensors acquire very high - dimensional data such as audio signals , images , and video . to cope with such high - dimensional data , we typically rely on low - dimensional models . manifold models provide a particularly powerful model that c ←
→ modeling information flow through deep neural networks ; this paper proposes a principled information theoretic analysis of classification for deep neural network structures , e . g . convolutional neural networks ( cnn ). the output of convolutional filters is modeled as a random variable y conditioned on the object class c and network filter bank f . the conditional entropy ( cent ) h ( y | c , f ) is shown in theory and experiments to be a highly compact and class - informative code , that can be computed from the filter ←
→ interactive robot learning of gestures , language and affordances ; a growing field in robotics and artificial intelligence ( ai ) research is human - robot collaboration , whose target is to enable effective teamwork between humans and robots . however , in many situations human teams are still superior to human - robot teams , primarily because human teams can easily agree on a common goal with language , and the individual members observe each other effectively , leveraging their shared motor repertoire and sensorimo ←
→ rank pruning for dominance queries in cp - nets ; conditional preference networks ( cp - nets ) are a graphical representation of a person ' s ( conditional ) preferences over a set of discrete variables . in this paper , we introduce a novel method of quantifying preference for any given outcome based on a cp - net representation of a user ' s preferences . we demonstrate that these values are useful for reasoning about user preferences . in particular , they allow us to order ( any subset of ) the possible outcomes in accorda ←
→ generative multi - adversarial networks ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) are a framework for producing a generative model by way of a two - player minimax game . in this paper , we propose the \ emph { generative multi - adversarial network } ( gman ), a framework that extends gans to multiple discriminators . in previous work , the successful training of gans requires modifying the minimax objective to accelerate training early on . in contrast , gman can be reliably trained with the original , untampered objective . ←
→ exploring integral image word length reduction techniques for surf detector ; speeded up robust features ( surf ) is a state of the art computer vision algorithm that relies on integral image representation for performing fast detection and description of image features that are scale and rotation invariant . integral image representation , however , has major draw back of large binary word length that leads to substantial increase in memory size . when designing a dedicated hardware to achieve real - time perfor ←
→ polish - english speech statistical machine translation systems for the iwslt 2014 ; this research explores effects of various training settings between polish and english statistical machine translation systems for spoken language . various elements of the ted parallel text corpora for the iwslt 2014 evaluation campaign were used as the basis for training of language models , and for development , tuning and testing of the translation system as well as wikipedia based comparable corpora prepared by us . the ←
→ discriminative transformation learning for fuzzy sparse subspace clustering ; this paper develops a novel iterative framework for subspace clustering in a learned discriminative feature domain . this framework consists of two modules of fuzzy sparse subspace clustering and discriminative transformation learning . in the first module , fuzzy latent labels containing discriminative information and latent representations capturing the subspace structure will be simultaneously evaluated in a feature domain . then ←
→ incremental eigenpair computation for graph laplacian matrices : theory and applications ; the smallest eigenvalues and the associated eigenvectors ( i . e ., eigenpairs ) of a graph laplacian matrix have been widely used in spectral clustering and community detection . however , in real - life applications the number of clusters or communities ( say , $ k $) is generally unknown a - priori . consequently , the majority of the existing methods either choose $ k $ heuristically or they repeat the clustering method with differ ←
→ tensorlayer : a versatile library for efficient deep learning development ; deep learning has enabled major advances in the fields of computer vision , natural language processing , and multimedia among many others . developing a deep learning system is arduous and complex , as it involves constructing neural network architectures , managing training / trained models , tuning optimization process , preprocessing and organizing data , etc . tensorlayer is a versatile python library that aims at helping researchers and e ←
→ conditional sparse linear regression ; machine learning and statistics typically focus on building models that capture the vast majority of the data , possibly ignoring a small subset of data as " noise " or " outliers ." by contrast , here we consider the problem of jointly identifying a significant ( but perhaps small ) segment of a population in which there is a highly sparse linear regression fit , together with the coefficients for the linear fit . we contend that such tasks are of interest both because the mode ←
→ off - line handwritten signature identification using rotated complex wavelet filters ; in this paper , a new method for handwritten signature identification based on rotated complex wavelet filters is proposed . we have proposed to use the rotated complex wavelet filters ( rcwf ) and dual tree complex wavelet transform ( dtcwt ) together to derive signature feature extraction , which captures information in twelve different directions . in identification phase , canberra distance measure is used . the proposed method ←
→ progressive representation adaptation for weakly supervised object localization ; we address the problem of weakly supervised object localization where only image - level annotations are available for training object detectors . numerous methods have been proposed to tackle this problem through mining object proposals . however , a substantial amount of noise in object proposals causes ambiguities for learning discriminative object models . such approaches are sensitive to model initialization and often converg ←
→ cross - paced representation learning with partial curricula for sketch - based image retrieval ; in this paper we address the problem of learning robust cross - domain representations for sketch - based image retrieval ( sbir ). while most sbir approaches focus on extracting low - and mid - level descriptors for direct feature matching , recent works have shown the benefit of learning coupled feature representations to describe data from two related sources . however , cross - domain representation learning methods are ty ←
→ fusing audio , textual and visual features for sentiment analysis of news videos ; this paper presents a novel approach to perform sentiment analysis of news videos , based on the fusion of audio , textual and visual clues extracted from their contents . the proposed approach aims at contributing to the semiodiscoursive study regarding the construction of the ethos ( identity ) of this media universe , which has become a central part of the modern - day lives of millions of people . to achieve this goal , we apply s ←
→ an unsupervised probability model for speech - to - translation alignment of low - resource languages ; for many low - resource languages , spoken language resources are more likely to be annotated with translations than with transcriptions . translated speech data is potentially valuable for documenting endangered languages or for training speech translation systems . a first step towards making use of such data would be to automatically align spoken words with their translations . we present a model that combines d ←
→ instant replay : investigating statistical analysis in sports ; technology has had an unquestionable impact on the way people watch sports . along with this technological evolution has come a higher standard to ensure a good viewing experience for the casual sports fan . it can be argued that the pervasion of statistical analysis in sports serves to satiate the fan ' s desire for detailed sports statistics . the goal of statistical analysis in sports is a simple one : to eliminate subjective analysis . in this pape ←
→ sequence - based multimodal apprenticeship learning for robot perception and decision making ; apprenticeship learning has recently attracted a wide attention due to its capability of allowing robots to learn physical tasks directly from demonstrations provided by human experts . most previous techniques assumed that the state space is known a priori or employed simple state representations that usually suffer from perceptual aliasing . different from previous research , we propose a novel approach named seque ←
→ hue histograms to spatiotemporal local features for action recognition ; despite the recent developments in spatiotemporal local features for action recognition in video sequences , local color information has so far been ignored . however , color has been proved an important element to the success of automated recognition of objects and scenes . in this paper we extend the space - time interest point descriptor stip to take into account the color information on the features ' neighborhood . we compare the performa ←
→ budget online multiple kernel learning ; online learning with multiple kernels has gained increasing interests in recent years and found many applications . for classification tasks , online multiple kernel classification ( omkc ), which learns a kernel based classifier by seeking the optimal linear combination of a pool of single kernel classifiers in an online fashion , achieves superior accuracy and enjoys great flexibility compared with traditional single - kernel classifiers . despite being studied extensively ←
→ image patch analysis of sunspots and active regions . ii . clustering via matrix factorization ; separating active regions that are quiet from potentially eruptive ones is a key issue in space weather applications . traditional classification schemes such as mount wilson and mcintosh have been effective in relating an active region large scale magnetic configuration to its ability to produce eruptive events . however , their qualitative nature prevents systematic studies of an active region ' s evolution for exa ←
→ contextual media retrieval using natural language queries ; the widespread integration of cameras in hand - held and head - worn devices as well as the ability to share content online enables a large and diverse visual capture of the world that millions of users build up collectively every day . we envision these images as well as associated meta information , such as gps coordinates and timestamps , to form a collective visual memory that can be queried while automatically taking the ever - changing context of mobi ←
→ deep affordance - grounded sensorimotor object recognition ; it is well - established by cognitive neuroscience that human perception of objects constitutes a complex process , where object appearance information is combined with evidence about the so - called object " affordances ", namely the types of actions that humans typically perform when interacting with them . this fact has recently motivated the " sensorimotor " approach to the challenging task of automatic object recognition , where both information sources a ←
→ stochastic compositional gradient descent : algorithms for minimizing compositions of expected - value functions ; classical stochastic gradient methods are well suited for minimizing expected - value objective functions . however , they do not apply to the minimization of a nonlinear function involving expected values or a composition of two expected - value functions , i . e ., problems of the form $\ min_x \ mathbf { e } _v [ f_v \ big (\ mathbf { e } _w [ g_w ( x )]\ big )]$. in order to solve this stochastic composition problem , we p ←
→ can active learning experience be transferred ? ; active learning is an important machine learning problem in reducing the human labeling effort . current active learning strategies are designed from human knowledge , and are applied on each dataset in an immutable manner . in other words , experience about the usefulness of strategies cannot be updated and transferred to improve active learning on other datasets . this paper initiates a pioneering study on whether active learning experience can be transferred . w ←
→ an attention mechanism for answer selection using a combined global and local view ; we propose a new attention mechanism for neural based question answering , which depends on varying granularities of the input . previous work focused on augmenting recurrent neural networks with simple attention mechanisms which are a function of the similarity between a question embedding and an answer embeddings across time . we extend this by making the attention mechanism dependent on a global embedding of the answer at ←
→ multimodal image captioning for marketing analysis ; automatically captioning images with natural language sentences is an important research topic . state of the art models are able to produce human - like sentences . these models typically describe the depicted scene as a whole and do not target specific objects of interest or emotional relationships between these objects in the image . however , marketing companies require to describe these important attributes of a given scene . in our case , objects of interes ←
→ bayesian conditional generative adverserial networks ; traditional gans use a deterministic generator function ( typically a neural network ) to transform a random noise input $ z $ to a sample $\ mathbf { x }$ that the discriminator seeks to distinguish . we propose a new gan called bayesian conditional generative adversarial networks ( bc - gans ) that use a random generator function to transform a deterministic input $ y '$ to a sample $\ mathbf { x }$. our bc - gans extend traditional gans to a bayesian framework , and natur ←
→ e - res : a system for reasoning about actions , events and observations ; e - res is a system that implements the language e , a logic for reasoning about narratives of action occurrences and observations . e ' s semantics is model - theoretic , but this implementation is based on a sound and complete reformulation of e in terms of argumentation , and uses general computational techniques of argumentation frameworks . the system derives sceptical non - monotonic consequences of a given reformulated theory which exactly cor ←
→ frist - flipping and rotation invariant sparsifying transform learning and applications ; features based on sparse representation , especially using the synthesis dictionary model , have been heavily exploited in signal processing and computer vision . however , synthesis dictionary learning typically involves np - hard sparse coding and expensive learning steps . recently , sparsifying transform learning received interest for its cheap computation and its optimal updates in the alternating algorithms . in this wo ←
→ adopting robustness and optimality in fitting and learning ; we generalized a modified exponentialized estimator by pushing the robust - optimal ( ro ) index $\ lambda $ to $-\ infty $ for achieving robustness to outliers by optimizing a quasi - minimin function . the robustness is realized and controlled adaptively by the ro index without any predefined threshold . optimality is guaranteed by expansion of the convexity region in the hessian matrix to largely avoid local optima . detailed quantitative analysis on both r ←
→ learning to segment instances in videos with spatial propagation network ; we propose a deep learning - based framework for instance - level object segmentation . our method mainly consists of three steps . first , we train a generic model based on resnet - 101 for foreground / background segmentations . second , based on this generic model , we fine - tune it to learn instance - level models and segment individual objects by using augmented object annotations in first frames of test videos . to distinguish different instance ←
→ tasnet : time - domain audio separation network for real - time , single - channel speech separation ; robust speech processing in multi - talker environments requires effective speech separation . recent deep learning systems have made significant progress toward solving this problem , yet it remains challenging particularly in real - time , short latency applications . most methods attempt to construct a mask for each source in time - frequency representation of the mixture signal which is not necessarily an optimal repr ←
→ asynchronous temporal fields for action recognition ; actions are more than just movements and trajectories : we cook to eat and we hold a cup to drink from it . a thorough understanding of videos requires going beyond appearance modeling and necessitates reasoning about the sequence of activities , as well as the higher - level constructs such as intentions . but how do we model and reason about these ? we propose a fully - connected temporal crf model for reasoning over various aspects of activities that includes ←
→ flower pollination algorithm : a novel approach for multiobjective optimization ; multiobjective design optimization problems require multiobjective optimization techniques to solve , and it is often very challenging to obtain high - quality pareto fronts accurately . in this paper , the recently developed flower pollination algorithm ( fpa ) is extended to solve multiobjective optimization problems . the proposed method is used to solve a set of multobjective test functions and two bi - objective design benchmarks ,←
→ self - adaptation mechanism to control the diversity of the population in genetic algorithm ; one of the problems in applying genetic algorithm is that there is some situation where the evolutionary process converges too fast to a solution which causes it to be trapped in local optima . to overcome this problem , a proper diversity in the candidate solutions must be determined . most existing diversity - maintenance mechanisms require a problem specific knowledge to setup parameters properly . this work proposes ←
→ a process planning system with feature based neural network search strategy for aluminum extrusion die manufacturing ; aluminum extrusion die manufacturing is a critical task for productive improvement and increasing potential of competition in aluminum extrusion industry . it causes to meet the efficiency not only consistent quality but also time and production cost reduction . die manufacturing consists first of die design and process planning in order to make a die for extruding the customer ' s requiremen ←
→ simultaneously self - attending to all mentions for full - abstract biological relation extraction ; most work in relation extraction forms a prediction by looking at a short span of text within a single sentence containing a single entity pair mention . this approach often does not consider interactions across mentions , requires redundant computation for each mention pair , and ignores relationships expressed across sentence boundaries . these problems are exacerbated by the document - ( rather than sentence -) le ←
→ can deep neural networks match the related objects ?: a survey on imagenet - trained classification models ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have shown the state - of - the - art level of performances in wide range of complicated tasks . in recent years , the studies have been actively conducted to analyze the black box characteristics of dnns and to grasp the learning behaviours , tendency , and limitations of dnns . in this paper , we investigate the limitation of dnns in image classification task and verify it with the m ←
→ discretization of parametrizable signal manifolds ; transformation - invariant analysis of signals often requires the computation of the distance from a test pattern to a transformation manifold . in particular , the estimation of the distances between a transformed query signal and several transformation manifolds representing different classes provides essential information for the classification of the signal . in many applications the computation of the exact distance to the manifold is costly , whereas an ef ←
→ storytelling agents with personality and adaptivity ; we explore the expression of personality and adaptivity through the gestures of virtual agents in a storytelling task . we conduct two experiments using four different dialogic stories . we manipulate agent personality on the extraversion scale , whether the agents adapt to one another in their gestural performance and agent gender . our results show that subjects are able to perceive the intended variation in extraversion between different virtual agents , i ←
→ on the necessity of mixed models : dynamical frustrations in the mind ; in the present work we will present and analyze some basic processes at the local and global level in linguistic derivations that seem to go beyond the limits of markovian or turing - like computation , and require , in our opinion , a quantum processor . we will first present briefly the working hypothesis and then focus on the empirical domain . at the same time , we will argue that a model appealing to only one kind of computation ( be it quan ←
→ causality and temporal dependencies in the design of fault management systems ; reasoning about causes and effects naturally arises in the engineering of safety - critical systems . a classical example is fault tree analysis , a deductive technique used for system safety assessment , whereby an undesired state is reduced to the set of its immediate causes . the design of fault management systems also requires reasoning on causality relationships . in particular , a fail - operational system needs to ensure timely d ←
→ interactive visual exploration of topic models using graphs ; probabilistic topic modeling is a popular and powerful family of tools for uncovering thematic structure in large sets of unstructured text documents . while much attention has been directed towards the modeling algorithms and their various extensions , comparatively few studies have concerned how to present or visualize topic models in meaningful ways . in this paper , we present a novel design that uses graphs to visually communicate topic structur ←
→ satisficing in multi - armed bandit problems ; satisficing is a relaxation of maximizing and allows for less risky decision making in the face of uncertainty . we propose two sets of satisficing objectives for the multi - armed bandit problem , where the objective is to achieve reward - based decision - making performance above a given threshold . we show that these new problems are equivalent to various standard multi - armed bandit problems with maximizing objectives and use the equivalence to find bounds on performan ←
→ pattern representation and recognition with accelerated analog neuromorphic systems ; despite being originally inspired by the central nervous system , artificial neural networks have diverged from their biological archetypes as they have been remodeled to fit particular tasks . in this paper , we review several possibilites to reverse map these architectures to biologically more realistic spiking networks with the aim of emulating them on fast , low - power neuromorphic hardware . since many of these devices em ←
→ the digital synaptic neural substrate : size and quality matters ; we investigate the ' digital synaptic neural substrate ' ( dsns ) computational creativity approach further with respect to the size and quality of images that can be used to seed the process . in previous work we demonstrated how combining photographs of people and sequences taken from chess games between weak players can be used to generate chess problems or puzzles of higher aesthetic quality , on average , compared to alternative approaches . in ←
→ single - shot multi - person 3d body pose estimation from monocular rgb input ; we propose a new efficient single - shot method for multi - person 3d pose estimation in general scenes from a monocular rgb camera . our fully convolutional dnn - based approach jointly infers 2d and 3d joint locations on the basis of an extended 3d location map supported by body part associations . this new formulation enables the readout of full body poses at a subset of visible joints without the need for explicit bounding box trackin ←
→ probabilistic inference in influence diagrams ; this paper is about reducing influence diagram ( id ) evaluation into bayesian network ( bn ) inference problems . such reduction is interesting because it enables one to readily use one ' s favorite bn inference algorithm to efficiently evaluate ids . two such reduction methods have been proposed previously ( cooper 1988 , shachter and peot 1992 ). this paper proposes a new method . the bn inference problems induced by the mew method are much easier to solve than those i ←
→ a spatiotemporal model with visual attention for video classification ; high level understanding of sequential visual input is important for safe and stable autonomy , especially in localization and object detection . while traditional object classification and tracking approaches are specifically designed to handle variations in rotation and scale , current state - of - the - art approaches based on deep learning achieve better performance . this paper focuses on developing a spatiotemporal model to handle videos co ←
→ fast latent variable models for inference and visualization on mobile devices ; in this project we outline vedalia , a high performance distributed network for performing inference on latent variable models in the context of amazon review visualization . we introduce a new model , rlda , which extends latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) [ blei et al ., 2003 ] for the review space by incorporating auxiliary data available in online reviews to improve modeling while simultaneously remaining compatible with pre - exist ←
→ mr image reconstruction using deep density priors ; purpose : mr image reconstruction exploits regularization to compensate for missing k - space data . in this work , we propose to learn the probability distribution of mr image patches with neural networks and use this distribution as prior information constraining images during reconstruction , effectively employing it as regularization . methods : we use variational autoencoders ( vae ) to learn the distribution of mr image patches , which models the high - dimensi ←
→ adversarial posenet : a structure - aware convolutional network for human pose estimation ; for human pose estimation in monocular images , joint occlusions and overlapping upon human bodies often result in deviated pose predictions . under these circumstances , biologically implausible pose predictions may be produced . in contrast , human vision is able to predict poses by exploiting geometric constraints of joint inter - connectivity . to address the problem by incorporating priors about the structure of human bo ←
→ dynamic belief fusion for object detection ; a novel approach for the fusion of heterogeneous object detection methods is proposed . in order to effectively integrate the outputs of multiple detectors , the level of ambiguity in each individual detection score is estimated using the precision / recall relationship of the corresponding detector . the main contribution of the proposed work is a novel fusion method , called dynamic belief fusion ( dbf ), which dynamically assigns probabilities to hypotheses ( target , n ←
→ occupancy map prediction using generative and fully convolutional networks for vehicle navigation ; fast , collision - free motion through unknown environments remains a challenging problem for robotic systems . in these situations , the robot ' s ability to reason about its future motion is often severely limited by sensor field of view ( fov ). by contrast , biological systems routinely make decisions by taking into consideration what might exist beyond their fov based on prior experience . in this paper , we prese ←
→ learning dense convolutional embeddings for semantic segmentation ; this paper proposes a new deep convolutional neural network ( dcnn ) architecture that learns pixel embeddings , such that pairwise distances between the embeddings can be used to infer whether or not the pixels lie on the same region . that is , for any two pixels on the same object , the embeddings are trained to be similar ; for any pair that straddles an object boundary , the embeddings are trained to be dissimilar . experimental results show th ←
→ kernel method for detecting higher order interactions in multi - view data : an application to imaging , genetics , and epigenetics ; in this study , we tested the interaction effect of multimodal datasets using a novel method called the kernel method for detecting higher order interactions among biologically relevant mulit - view data . using a semiparametric method on a reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ), we used a standard mixed - effects linear model and derived a score - based variance component statistic th ←
→ reservoir of diverse adaptive learners and stacking fast hoeffding drift detection methods for evolving data streams ; the last decade has seen a surge of interest in adaptive learning algorithms for data stream classification , with applications ranging from predicting ozone level peaks , learning stock market indicators , to detecting computer security violations . in addition , a number of methods have been developed to detect concept drifts in these streams . consider a scenario where we have a number of cl ←
→ situated structure learning of a bayesian logic network for commonsense reasoning ; this paper details the implementation of an algorithm for automatically generating a high - level knowledge network to perform commonsense reasoning , specifically with the application of robotic task repair . the network is represented using a bayesian logic network ( bln ) ( jain , waldherr , and beetz 2009 ), which combines a set of directed relations between abstract concepts , including isa , atlocation , hasproperty , and usedfor ,←
→ doubly decomposing nonparametric tensor regression ; nonparametric extension of tensor regression is proposed . nonlinearity in a high - dimensional tensor space is broken into simple local functions by incorporating low - rank tensor decomposition . compared to naive nonparametric approaches , our formulation considerably improves the convergence rate of estimation while maintaining consistency with the same function class under specific conditions . to estimate local functions , we develop a bayesian estimator wit ←
→ combining texture and shape cues for object recognition with minimal supervision ; we present a novel approach to object classification and detection which requires minimal supervision and which combines visual texture cues and shape information learned from freely available unlabeled web search results . the explosion of visual data on the web can potentially make visual examples of almost any object easily accessible via web search . previous unsupervised methods have utilized either large scale sources o ←
→ blade : filter learning for general purpose computational photography ; the rapid and accurate image super resolution ( raisr ) method of romano , isidoro , and milanfar is a computationally efficient image upscaling method using a trained set of filters . we describe a generalization of raisr , which we name best linear adaptive enhancement ( blade ). this approach is a trainable edge - adaptive filtering framework that is general , simple , computationally efficient , and useful for a wide range of problems in computat ←
→ probabilistic deduction with conditional constraints over basic events ; we study the problem of probabilistic deduction with conditional constraints over basic events . we show that globally complete probabilistic deduction with conditional constraints over basic events is np - hard . we then concentrate on the special case of probabilistic deduction in conditional constraint trees . we elaborate very efficient techniques for globally complete probabilistic deduction . in detail , for conditional constraint trees ←
→ ipiano : inertial proximal algorithm for non - convex optimization ; in this paper we study an algorithm for solving a minimization problem composed of a differentiable ( possibly non - convex ) and a convex ( possibly non - differentiable ) function . the algorithm ipiano combines forward - backward splitting with an inertial force . it can be seen as a non - smooth split version of the heavy - ball method from polyak . a rigorous analysis of the algorithm for the proposed class of problems yields global convergence of the fu ←
→ principles and examples of plausible reasoning and propositional plausible logic ; plausible reasoning concerns situations whose inherent lack of precision is not quantified ; that is , there are no degrees or levels of precision , and hence no use of numbers like probabilities . a hopefully comprehensive set of principles that clarifies what it means for a formal logic to do plausible reasoning is presented . a new propositional logic , called propositional plausible logic ( ppl ), is defined and applied to some ←
→ deep learning for undersampled mri reconstruction ; this paper presents a deep learning method for faster magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) by reducing k - space data with sub - nyquist sampling strategies and provides a rationale for why the proposed approach works well . uniform subsampling is used in the time - consuming phase - encoding direction to capture high - resolution image information , while permitting the image - folding problem dictated by the poisson summation formula . to deal with the localization uncerta ←
→ intelligent search strategies based on adaptive constraint handling rules ; the most advanced implementation of adaptive constraint processing with constraint handling rules ( chr ) allows the application of intelligent search strategies to solve constraint satisfaction problems ( csp ). this presentation compares an improved version of conflict - directed backjumping and two variants of dynamic backtracking with respect to chronological backtracking on some of the aim instances which are a benchmark set of ran ←
→ expert - guided subgroup discovery : methodology and application ; this paper presents an approach to expert - guided subgroup discovery . the main step of the subgroup discovery process , the induction of subgroup descriptions , is performed by a heuristic beam search algorithm , using a novel parametrized definition of rule quality which is analyzed in detail . the other important steps of the proposed subgroup discovery process are the detection of statistically significant properties of selected subgroups and sub ←
→ simultaneously solving computational problems using an artificial chemical reactor ; this paper is centered on using chemical reaction as a computational metaphor for simultaneously solving problems . an artificial chemical reactor that can simultaneously solve instances of three unrelated problems was created . the reactor is a distributed stochastic algorithm that simulates a chemical universe wherein the molecular species are being represented either by a human genomic contig panel , a hamiltonian cycle , ←
→ building machines that adapt and compute like brains ; building machines that learn and think like humans is essential not only for cognitive science , but also for computational neuroscience , whose ultimate goal is to understand how cognition is implemented in biological brains . a new cognitive computational neuroscience should build cognitive - level and neural - level models , understand their relationships , and test both types of models with both brain and behavioral data .←
→ efficient delivery policy to minimize user traffic consumption in guaranteed advertising ; in this work , we study the guaranteed delivery model which is widely used in online display advertising . in the guaranteed delivery scenario , ad exposures ( which are also called impressions in some works ) to users are guaranteed by contracts signed in advance between advertisers and publishers . a crucial problem for the advertising platform is how to fully utilize the valuable user traffic to generate as much as pos ←
→ generalizing and hybridizing count - based and neural language models ; language models ( lms ) are statistical models that calculate probabilities over sequences of words or other discrete symbols . currently two major paradigms for language modeling exist : count - based n - gram models , which have advantages of scalability and test - time speed , and neural lms , which often achieve superior modeling performance . we demonstrate how both varieties of models can be unified in a single modeling framework that defines a s ←
→ dissecting a social botnet : growth , content and influence in twitter ; social botnets have become an important phenomenon on social media . there are many ways in which social bots can disrupt or influence online discourse , such as , spam hashtags , scam twitter users , and astroturfing . in this paper we considered one specific social botnet in twitter to understand how it grows over time , how the content of tweets by the social botnet differ from regular users in the same dataset , and lastly , how the social bo ←
→ maximally divergent intervals for anomaly detection ; we present new methods for batch anomaly detection in multivariate time series . our methods are based on maximizing the kullback - leibler divergence between the data distribution within and outside an interval of the time series . an empirical analysis shows the benefits of our algorithms compared to methods that treat each time step independently from each other without optimizing with respect to all possible intervals .←
→ field - programmable crossbar array ( fpca ) for reconfigurable computing ; for decades , advances in electronics were directly driven by the scaling of cmos transistors according to moore ' s law . however , both the cmos scaling and the classical computer architecture are approaching fundamental and practical limits , and new computing architectures based on emerging devices , such as resistive random - access memory ( rram ) devices , are expected to sustain the exponential growth of computing capability . here we propos ←
→ magnetic - visual sensor fusion based medical slam for endoscopic capsule robot ; a reliable , real - time simultaneous localization and mapping ( slam ) method is crucial for the navigation of actively controlled capsule endoscopy robots . these robots are an emerging , minimally invasive diagnostic and therapeutic technology for use in the gastrointestinal ( gi ) tract . in this study , we propose a dense , non - rigidly deformable , and real - time map fusion approach for actively controlled endoscopic capsule robot appl ←
→ learning and real - time classification of hand - written digits with spiking neural networks ; we describe a novel spiking neural network ( snn ) for automated , real - time handwritten digit classification and its implementation on a gp - gpu platform . information processing within the network , from feature extraction to classification is implemented by mimicking the basic aspects of neuronal spike initiation and propagation in the brain . the feature extraction layer of the snn uses fixed synaptic weight maps to e ←
→ enhanced image feature coverage : key - point selection using genetic algorithms ; coverage of image features play an important role in many vision algorithms since their distribution affect the estimated homography . this paper presents a genetic algorithm ( ga ) in order to select the optimal set of features yielding maximum coverage of the image which is measured by a robust method based on spatial statistics . it is shown with statistical tests on two datasets that the metric yields better coverage and this ←
→ lexicon management and standard formats ; international standards for lexicon formats are in preparation . to a certain extent , the proposed formats converge with prior results of standardization projects . however , their adequacy for ( i ) lexicon management and ( ii ) lexicon - driven applications have been little debated in the past , nor are they as a part of the present standardization effort . we examine these issues . igm has developed xml formats compatible with the emerging international standards , and we rep ←
→ machine learning meets network science : dimensionality reduction for fast and efficient embedding of networks in the hyperbolic space ; complex network topologies and hyperbolic geometry seem specularly connected , and one of the most fascinating and challenging problems of recent complex network theory is to map a given network to its hyperbolic space . the popularity similarity optimization ( pso ) model represents - at the moment - the climax of this theory . it suggests that the trade - off between node popu ←
→ learning deep architectures for interaction prediction in structure - based virtual screening ; we introduce a deep learning architecture for structure - based virtual screening that generates fixed - sized fingerprints of proteins and small molecules by applying learnable atom convolution and softmax operations to each compound separately . these fingerprints are further transformed non - linearly , their inner - product is calculated and used to predict the binding potential . moreover , we show that widely used benc ←
→ hybrid data clustering approach using k - means and flower pollination algorithm ; data clustering is a technique for clustering set of objects into known number of groups . several approaches are widely applied to data clustering so that objects within the clusters are similar and objects in different clusters are far away from each other . k - means , is one of the familiar center based clustering algorithms since implementation is very easy and fast convergence . however , k - means algorithm suffers from initial ←
→ identifying cover songs using information - theoretic measures of similarity ; this paper investigates methods for quantifying similarity between audio signals , specifically for the task of of cover song detection . we consider an information - theoretic approach , where we compute pairwise measures of predictability between time series . we compare discrete - valued approaches operating on quantised audio features , to continuous - valued approaches . in the discrete case , we propose a method for computing the normal ←
→ convex geometry of the generalized matrix - fractional function ; generalized matrix - fractional ( gmf ) functions are a class of matrix support functions introduced by burke and hoheisel as a tool for unifying a range of seemingly divergent matrix optimization problems associated with inverse problems , regularization and learning . in this paper we dramatically simplify the support function representation for gmf functions as well as the representation of their subdifferentials . these new representations allow t ←
→ fast and accurate surface normal integration on non - rectangular domains ; the integration of surface normals for the purpose of computing the shape of a surface in 3d space is a classic problem in computer vision . however , even nowadays it is still a challenging task to devise a method that combines the flexibility to work on non - trivial computational domains with high accuracy , robustness and computational efficiency . by uniting a classic approach for surface normal integration with modern computational te ←
→ co - evolutionary multi - task learning for dynamic time series prediction ; multi - task learning employs shared representation of knowledge for learning multiple instances from the same or related problems . time series prediction consists of several instances that are defined by the way they are broken down into fixed windows known as embedding dimension . finding the optimal values for embedding dimension is a computationally intensive task . therefore , we introduce a new category of problem called dynamic time ←
→ sampling matters in deep embedding learning ; deep embeddings answer one simple question : how similar are two images ? learning these embeddings is the bedrock of verification , zero - shot learning , and visual search . the most prominent approaches optimize a deep convolutional network with a suitable loss function , such as contrastive loss or triplet loss . while a rich line of work focuses solely on the loss functions , we show in this paper that selecting training examples plays an equally important role . we p ←
→ adaptive neighborhood graph construction for inference in multi - relational networks ; a neighborhood graph , which represents the instances as vertices and their relations as weighted edges , is the basis of many semi - supervised and relational models for node labeling and link prediction . most methods employ a sequential process to construct the neighborhood graph . this process often consists of generating a candidate graph , pruning the candidate graph to make a neighborhood graph , and then performing infer ←
→ emotion recognition by body movement representation on the manifold of symmetric positive definite matrices ; emotion recognition is attracting great interest for its potential application in a multitude of real - life situations . much of the computer vision research in this field has focused on relating emotions to facial expressions , with investigations rarely including more than upper body . in this work , we propose a new scenario , for which emotional states are related to 3d dynamics of the whole body mo ←
→ argument calculus and networks ; a major reason behind the success of probability calculus is that it possesses a number of valuable tools , which are based on the notion of probabilistic independence . in this paper , i identify a notion of logical independence that makes some of these tools available to a class of propositional databases , called argument databases . specifically , i suggest a graphical representation of argument databases , called argument networks , which resemble bayesian networks . i also sugg ←
→ real - time adaptive image compression ; we present a machine learning - based approach to lossy image compression which outperforms all existing codecs , while running in real - time . our algorithm typically produces files 2 . 5 times smaller than jpeg and jpeg 2000 , 2 times smaller than webp , and 1 . 7 times smaller than bpg on datasets of generic images across all quality levels . at the same time , our codec is designed to be lightweight and deployable : for example , it can encode or decode the kodak dataset in aro ←
→ optimal solutions for multi - unit combinatorial auctions : branch and bound heuristics ; finding optimal solutions for multi - unit combinatorial auctions is a hard problem and finding approximations to the optimal solution is also hard . we investigate the use of branch - and - bound techniques : they require both a way to bound from above the value of the best allocation and a good criterion to decide which bids are to be tried first . different methods for efficiently bounding from above the value of the best all ←
→ gland instance segmentation using deep multichannel neural networks ; objective : a new image instance segmentation method is proposed to segment individual glands ( instances ) in colon histology images . this process is challenging since the glands not only need to be segmented from a complex background , they must also be individually identified . methods : we leverage the idea of image - to - image prediction in recent deep learning by designing an algorithm that automatically exploits and fuses complex multichann ←
→ a time and space efficient junction tree architecture ; the junction tree algorithm is a way of computing marginals of boolean multivariate probability distributions that factorise over sets of random variables . the junction tree algorithm first constructs a tree called a junction tree who ' s vertices are sets of random variables . the algorithm then performs a generalised version of belief propagation on the junction tree . the shafer - shenoy and hugin architectures are two ways to perform this belief propagat ←
→ stochastic expectation propagation for large scale gaussian process classification ; a method for large scale gaussian process classification has been recently proposed based on expectation propagation ( ep ). such a method allows gaussian process classifiers to be trained on very large datasets that were out of the reach of previous deployments of ep and has been shown to be competitive with related techniques based on stochastic variational inference . nevertheless , the memory resources required scale line ←
→ what doubling tricks can and can ' t do for multi - armed bandits ; an online reinforcement learning algorithm is anytime if it does not need to know in advance the horizon t of the experiment . a well - known technique to obtain an anytime algorithm from any non - anytime algorithm is the " doubling trick ". in the context of adversarial or stochastic multi - armed bandits , the performance of an algorithm is measured by its regret , and we study two families of sequences of growing horizons ( geometric and exponential ) t ←
→ on the relative succinctness of sentential decision diagrams ; sentential decision diagrams ( sdds ) introduced by darwiche in 2011 are a promising representation type used in knowledge compilation . the relative succinctness of representation types is an important subject in this area . the aim of the paper is to identify which kind of boolean functions can be represented by sdds of small size with respect to the number of variables the functions are defined on . for this reason the sets of boolean functions re ←
→ mean - field variational inference for gradient matching with gaussian processes ; gradient matching with gaussian processes is a promising tool for learning parameters of ordinary differential equations ( ode ' s ). the essence of gradient matching is to model the prior over state variables as a gaussian process which implies that the joint distribution given the ode ' s and gp kernels is also gaussian distributed . the state - derivatives are integrated out analytically since they are modelled as latent variables .←
→ merging locally correct knowledge bases : a preliminary report ; belief integration methods are often aimed at deriving a single and consistent knowledge base that retains as much as possible of the knowledge bases to integrate . the rationale behind this approach is the minimal change principle : the result of the integration process should differ as less as possible from the knowledge bases to integrate . we show that this principle can be reformulated in terms of a more general model of belief revision , base ←
→ optimally stabilized pet image denoising using trilateral filtering ; low - resolution and signal - dependent noise distribution in positron emission tomography ( pet ) images makes denoising process an inevitable step prior to qualitative and quantitative image analysis tasks . conventional pet denoising methods either over - smooth small - sized structures due to resolution limitation or make incorrect assumptions about the noise characteristics . therefore , clinically important quantitative information may be corrup ←
→ cardinal virtues : extracting relation cardinalities from text ; information extraction ( ie ) from text has largely focused on relations between individual entities , such as who has won which award . however , some facts are never fully mentioned , and no ie method has perfect recall . thus , it is beneficial to also tap contents about the cardinalities of these relations , for example , how many awards someone has won . we introduce this novel problem of extracting cardinalities and discusses the specific challenges ←
→ higher order probabilities ; a number of writers have supposed that for the full specification of belief , higher order probabilities are required . some have even supposed that there may be an unending sequence of higher order probabilities of probabilities of probabilities .... in the present paper we show that higher order probabilities can always be replaced by the marginal distributions of joint probability distributions . we consider both the case in which higher order probabilities are of the same sort a ←
→ reexamining low rank matrix factorization for trace norm regularization ; trace norm regularization is a widely used approach for learning low rank matrices . a standard optimization strategy is based on formulating the problem as one of low rank matrix factorization which , however , leads to a non - convex problem . in practice this approach works well , and it is often computationally faster than standard convex solvers such as proximal gradient methods . nevertheless , it is not guaranteed to converge to a globa ←
→ modeling of item - difficulty for ontology - based mcqs ; multiple choice questions ( mcqs ) that can be generated from a domain ontology can significantly reduce human effort & time required for authoring & administering assessments in an e - learning environment . even though here are various methods for generating mcqs from ontologies , methods for determining the difficulty - levels of such mcqs are less explored . in this paper , we study various aspects and factors that are involved in determining the difficulty - sc ←
→ sparse representation classification beyond l1 minimization and the subspace assumption ; the sparse representation classifier ( src ) has been utilized in various classification problems , which makes use of l1 minimization and is shown to work well for image recognition problems that satisfy a subspace assumption . in this paper we propose a new implementation of src via screening , establish its equivalence to the original src under regularity conditions , and prove its classification consistency under a lat ←
→ minimizing the number of matching queries for object retrieval ; to increase the computational efficiency of interest - point based object retrieval , researchers have put remarkable research efforts into improving the efficiency of knn - based feature matching , pursuing to match thousands of features against a database within fractions of a second . however , due to the high - dimensional nature of image features that reduces the effectivity of index structures ( curse of dimensionality ), due to the vast amount of f ←
→ space - filling curve indices as acceleration structure for exemplar - based inpainting ; exemplar - based inpainting is the process of reconstructing missing parts of an image by searching the remaining data for patches that fit seamlessly . the image is completed to a plausible - looking solution by repeatedly inserting the patch that is the best match according to some cost function . we present an acceleration structure that uses a multi - index scheme to accelerate this search procedure drastically , particularly ←
→ cluster approach to the domains formation ; as a rule , a quadratic functional depending on a great number of binary variables has a lot of local minima . one of approaches allowing one to find in averaged deeper local minima is aggregation of binary variables into larger blocks / domains . to minimize the functional one has to change the states of aggregated variables ( domains ). in the present publication we discuss methods of domains formation . it is shown that the best results are obtained when domains are fo ←
→ quantum enhanced inference in markov logic networks ; markov logic networks ( mlns ) reconcile two opposing schools in machine learning and artificial intelligence : causal networks , which account for uncertainty extremely well , and first - order logic , which allows for formal deduction . an mln is essentially a first - order logic template to generate markov networks . inference in mlns is probabilistic and it is often performed by approximate methods such as markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) gibbs sampling . an mln h ←
→ learning mixtures of gaussians using the k - means algorithm ; one of the most popular algorithms for clustering in euclidean space is the $ k $- means algorithm ; $ k $- means is difficult to analyze mathematically , and few theoretical guarantees are known about it , particularly when the data is {\ em well - clustered }. in this paper , we attempt to fill this gap in the literature by analyzing the behavior of $ k $- means on well - clustered data . in particular , we study the case when each cluster is distributed as a differ ←
→ small boxes big data : a deep learning approach to optimize variable sized bin packing ; bin packing problems have been widely studied because of their broad applications in different domains . known as a set of np - hard problems , they have different vari - ations and many heuristics have been proposed for obtaining approximate solutions . specifically , for the 1d variable sized bin packing problem , the two key sets of optimization heuristics are the bin assignment and the bin allocation . usually the performan ←
→ trace norm regularization and faster inference for embedded speech recognition rnns ; we propose and evaluate new techniques for compressing and speeding up dense matrix multiplications as found in the fully connected and recurrent layers of neural networks for embedded large vocabulary continuous speech recognition ( lvcsr ). for compression , we introduce and study a trace norm regularization technique for training low rank factored versions of matrix multiplications . compared to standard low rank training ←
→ hierarchical implicit models and likelihood - free variational inference ; implicit probabilistic models are a flexible class of models defined by a simulation process for data . they form the basis for theories which encompass our understanding of the physical world . despite this fundamental nature , the use of implicit models remains limited due to challenges in specifying complex latent structure in them , and in performing inferences in such models with large data sets . in this paper , we first introduce hier ←
→ clustering - based quantisation for pde - based image compression ; finding optimal data for inpainting is a key problem in the context of partial differential equation based image compression . the data that yields the most accurate reconstruction is real - valued . thus , quantisation models are mandatory to allow an efficient encoding . these can also be understood as challenging data clustering problems . although clustering approaches are well suited for this kind of compression codecs , very few works actually co ←
→ adversarial evaluation of dialogue models ; the recent application of rnn encoder - decoder models has resulted in substantial progress in fully data - driven dialogue systems , but evaluation remains a challenge . an adversarial loss could be a way to directly evaluate the extent to which generated dialogue responses sound like they came from a human . this could reduce the need for human evaluation , while more directly evaluating on a generative task . in this work , we investigate this idea by training an rnn to ←
→ evaluation of trackers for pan - tilt - zoom scenarios ; tracking with a pan - tilt - zoom ( ptz ) camera has been a research topic in computer vision for many years . compared to tracking with a still camera , the images captured with a ptz camera are highly dynamic in nature because the camera can perform large motion resulting in quickly changing capture conditions . furthermore , tracking with a ptz camera involves camera control to position the camera on the target . for successful tracking and camera control , the tr ←
→ pca 4 dca : the application of principal component analysis to the dendritic cell algorithm ; as one of the newest members in the field of artificial immune systems ( ais ), the dendritic cell algorithm ( dca ) is based on behavioural models of natural dendritic cells ( dcs ). unlike other ais , the dca does not rely on training data , instead domain or expert knowledge is required to predetermine the mapping between input signals from a particular instance to the three categories used by the dca . this data prepro ←
→ multilinear low - rank tensors on graphs & applications ; we propose a new framework for the analysis of low - rank tensors which lies at the intersection of spectral graph theory and signal processing . as a first step , we present a new graph based low - rank decomposition which approximates the classical low - rank svd for matrices and multi - linear svd for tensors . then , building on this novel decomposition we construct a general class of convex optimization problems for approximately solving low - rank tensor inver ←
→ towards principled methods for training generative adversarial networks ; the goal of this paper is not to introduce a single algorithm or method , but to make theoretical steps towards fully understanding the training dynamics of generative adversarial networks . in order to substantiate our theoretical analysis , we perform targeted experiments to verify our assumptions , illustrate our claims , and quantify the phenomena . this paper is divided into three sections . the first section introduces the problem at h ←
→ choosing among interpretations of probability ; there is available an ever - increasing variety of procedures for managing uncertainty . these methods are discussed in the literature of artificial intelligence , as well as in the literature of philosophy of science . heretofore these methods have been evaluated by intuition , discussion , and the general philosophical method of argument and counterexample . almost any method of uncertainty management will have the property that in the long run it will deliver numbe ←
→ neuromorphic robot dream ; in this paper we present the next step in our approach to neurobiologically plausible implementation of emotional reactions and behaviors for real - time autonomous robotic systems . the working metaphor we use is the " day " and the " night " phases of mammalian life . during the " day phase " a robotic system stores the inbound information and is controlled by a light - weight rule - based system in real time . in contrast to that , during the " night phase " information that has been stored is t ←
→ variational recurrent auto - encoders ; in this paper we propose a model that combines the strengths of rnns and sgvb : the variational recurrent auto - encoder ( vrae ). such a model can be used for efficient , large scale unsupervised learning on time series data , mapping the time series data to a latent vector representation . the model is generative , such that data can be generated from samples of the latent space . an important contribution of this work is that the model can make use of unlabeled data in order t ←
→ fast k - nearest neighbour search via dynamic continuous indexing ; existing methods for retrieving k - nearest neighbours suffer from the curse of dimensionality . we argue this is caused in part by inherent deficiencies of space partitioning , which is the underlying strategy used by most existing methods . we devise a new strategy that avoids partitioning the vector space and present a novel randomized algorithm that runs in time linear in dimensionality of the space and sub - linear in the intrinsic dimensionali ←
→ nested hex - programs ; answer - set programming ( asp ) is an established declarative programming paradigm . however , classical asp lacks subprogram calls as in procedural programming , and access to external computations ( like remote procedure calls ) in general . the feature is desired for increasing modularity and --- assuming proper access in place ---( meta -) reasoning over subprogram results . while hex - programs extend classical asp with external source access , they do not support calls of ( sub -) programs upfront . we ←
→ sparsityboost : a new scoring function for learning bayesian network structure ; we give a new consistent scoring function for structure learning of bayesian networks . in contrast to traditional approaches to scorebased structure learning , such as bdeu or mdl , the complexity penalty that we propose is data - dependent and is given by the probability that a conditional independence test correctly shows that an edge cannot exist . what really distinguishes this new scoring function from earlier work is that it ←
→ a glimpse far into the future : understanding long - term crowd worker quality ; microtask crowdsourcing is increasingly critical to the creation of extremely large datasets . as a result , crowd workers spend weeks or months repeating the exact same tasks , making it necessary to understand their behavior over these long periods of time . we utilize three large , longitudinal datasets of nine million annotations collected from amazon mechanical turk to examine claims that workers fatigue or satisfice over these ←
→ polarimetric hierarchical semantic model and scattering mechanism based polsar image classification ; for polarimetric sar ( polsar ) image classification , it is a challenge to classify the aggregated terrain types , such as the urban area , into semantic homogenous regions due to sharp bright - dark variations in intensity . the aggregated terrain type is formulated by the similar ground objects aggregated together . in this paper , a polarimetric hierarchical semantic model ( phsm ) is firstly proposed to overcome ←
→ fault tolerant boolean satisfiability ; a delta - model is a satisfying assignment of a boolean formula for which any small alteration , such as a single bit flip , can be repaired by flips to some small number of other bits , yielding a new satisfying assignment . these satisfying assignments represent robust solutions to optimization problems ( e . g ., scheduling ) where it is possible to recover from unforeseen events ( e . g ., a resource becoming unavailable ). the concept of delta - models was introduced by ginsberg , ←
→ hfirst : a temporal approach to object recognition ; this paper introduces a spiking hierarchical model for object recognition which utilizes the precise timing information inherently present in the output of biologically inspired asynchronous address event representation ( aer ) vision sensors . the asynchronous nature of these systems frees computation and communication from the rigid predetermined timing enforced by system clocks in conventional systems . freedom from rigid timing constraints opens the possib ←
→ classifying movie genres by analyzing text reviews ; this paper proposes a method for classifying movie genres by only looking at text reviews . the data used are from large movie review dataset v1 . 0 and imdb . this paper compared a k - nearest neighbors ( knn ) model and a multilayer perceptron ( mlp ) that uses tf - idf as input features . the paper also discusses different evaluation metrics used when doing multi - label classification . for the data used in this research , the knn model performed the best with an accu ←
→ on fast convergence of proximal algorithms for sqrt - lasso optimization : don ' t worry about its nonsmooth loss function ; many machine learning techniques sacrifice convenient computational structures to gain estimation robustness and modeling flexibility . however , by exploring the modeling structures , we find these " sacrifices " do not always require more computational efforts . to shed light on such a " free - lunch " phenomenon , we study the square - root - lasso ( sqrt - lasso ) type regression problem . specifically ,←
→ detection and localization of image forgeries using resampling features and deep learning ; resampling is an important signature of manipulated images . in this paper , we propose two methods to detect and localize image manipulations based on a combination of resampling features and deep learning . in the first method , the radon transform of resampling features are computed on overlapping image patches . deep learning classifiers and a gaussian conditional random field model are then used to create a heatmap ←
→ compositional attention networks for machine reasoning ; we present the mac network , a novel fully differentiable neural network architecture , designed to facilitate explicit and expressive reasoning . drawing inspiration from first principles of computer organization , mac moves away from monolithic black - box neural architectures towards a design that encourages both transparency and versatility . the model approaches problems by decomposing them into a series of attention - based reasoning steps , each performe ←
→ the parallel meaning bank : towards a multilingual corpus of translations annotated with compositional meaning representations ; the parallel meaning bank is a corpus of translations annotated with shared , formal meaning representations comprising over 11 million words divided over four languages ( english , german , italian , and dutch ). our approach is based on cross - lingual projection : automatically produced ( and manually corrected ) semantic annotations for english sentences are mapped onto their word - align ←
→ partial reinitialisation for optimisers ; heuristic optimisers which search for an optimal configuration of variables relative to an objective function often get stuck in local optima where the algorithm is unable to find further improvement . the standard approach to circumvent this problem involves periodically restarting the algorithm from random initial configurations when no further improvement can be found . we propose a method of partial reinitialization , whereby , in an attempt to find a better solutio ←
→ the complexity of repairing , adjusting , and aggregating of extensions in abstract argumentation ; we study the computational complexity of problems that arise in abstract argumentation in the context of dynamic argumentation , minimal change , and aggregation . in particular , we consider the following problems where always an argumentation framework f and a small positive integer k are given . - the repair problem asks whether a given set of arguments can be modified into an extension by at most k elementar ←
→ action - conditional video prediction using deep networks in atari games ; motivated by vision - based reinforcement learning ( rl ) problems , in particular atari games from the recent benchmark aracade learning environment ( ale ), we consider spatio - temporal prediction problems where future ( image -) frames are dependent on control variables or actions as well as previous frames . while not composed of natural scenes , frames in atari games are high - dimensional in size , can involve tens of objects with one or more ob ←
→ relaxed multiple - instance svm with application to object discovery ; multiple - instance learning ( mil ) has served as an important tool for a wide range of vision applications , for instance , image classification , object detection , and visual tracking . in this paper , we propose a novel method to solve the classical mil problem , named relaxed multiple - instance svm ( rmi - svm ). we treat the positiveness of instance as a continuous variable , use noisy - or model to enforce the mil constraints , and jointly optimize th ←
→ correlation - based method for sentiment classification ; the classic supervised classification algorithms are efficient , but time - consuming , complicated and not interpretable , which makes it difficult to analyze their results that limits the possibility to improve them based on real observations . in this paper , we propose a new and a simple classifier to predict a sentiment label of a short text . this model keeps the capacity of human interpret - ability and can be extended to integrate nlp techniques in a mor ←
→ couplenet : coupling global structure with local parts for object detection ; the region - based convolutional neural network ( cnn ) detectors such as faster r - cnn or r - fcn have already shown promising results for object detection by combining the region proposal subnetwork and the classification subnetwork together . although r - fcn has achieved higher detection speed while keeping the detection performance , the global structure information is ignored by the position - sensitive score maps . to fully explore the ←
→ gated orthogonal recurrent units : on learning to forget ; we present a novel recurrent neural network ( rnn ) based model that combines the remembering ability of unitary rnns with the ability of gated rnns to effectively forget redundant / irrelevant information in its memory . we achieve this by extending unitary rnns with a gating mechanism . our model is able to outperform lstms , grus and unitary rnns on several long - term dependency benchmark tasks . we empirically both show the orthogonal / unitary rnns lack th ←
→ pixel recurrent neural networks ; modeling the distribution of natural images is a landmark problem in unsupervised learning . this task requires an image model that is at once expressive , tractable and scalable . we present a deep neural network that sequentially predicts the pixels in an image along the two spatial dimensions . our method models the discrete probability of the raw pixel values and encodes the complete set of dependencies in the image . architectural novelties include fast two - dimensional recu ←
→ estimating small moments of data stream in nearly optimal space - time ; for each $ p \ in ( 0 , 2 ]$, we present a randomized algorithm that returns an $\ epsilon $- approximation of the $ p $ th frequency moment of a data stream $ f_p = \ sum_ { i = 1 }^ n \ abs { f_i }^ p $. the algorithm requires space $ o (\ epsilon ^{- 2 } \ log ( mm )(\ log n ))$ and processes each stream update using time $ o ((\ log n ) (\ log \ epsilon ^{- 1 }))$. it is nearly optimal in terms of space ( lower bound $ o (\ epsilon ^{- 2 } \ log ( mm ))$ as well as time and is the first ←
→ the beihang keystroke dynamics authentication system ; keystroke dynamics is an important biometric solution for person authentication . based upon keystroke dynamics , this paper designs an embedded password protection device , develops an online system , collects two public databases for promoting the research on keystroke authentication , exploits the gabor filter bank to characterize keystroke dynamics , and provides benchmark results of three popular classification algorithms , one - class support vector machin ←
→ on a class of bias - amplifying variables that endanger effect estimates ; this note deals with a class of variables that , if conditioned on , tends to amplify confounding bias in the analysis of causal effects . this class , independently discovered by bhattacharya and vogt ( 2007 ) and wooldridge ( 2009 ), includes instrumental variables and variables that have greater influence on treatment selection than on the outcome . we offer a simple derivation and an intuitive explanation of this phenomenon and then extend ←
→ similarity measuring approuch for engineering materials selection ; advanced engineering materials design involves the exploration of massive multidimensional feature spaces , the correlation of materials properties and the processing parameters derived from disparate sources . the search for alternative materials or processing property strategies , whether through analytical , experimental or simulation approaches , has been a slow and arduous task , punctuated by infrequent and often expected discoveries . a few ←
→ synthesis of supervised classification algorithm using intelligent and statistical tools ; a fundamental task in detecting foreground objects in both static and dynamic scenes is to take the best choice of color system representation and the efficient technique for background modeling . we propose in this paper a non - parametric algorithm dedicated to segment and to detect objects in color images issued from a football sports meeting . indeed segmentation by pixel concern many applications and revealed how t ←
→ variable rate image compression with recurrent neural networks ; a large fraction of internet traffic is now driven by requests from mobile devices with relatively small screens and often stringent bandwidth requirements . due to these factors , it has become the norm for modern graphics - heavy websites to transmit low - resolution , low - bytecount image previews ( thumbnails ) as part of the initial page load process to improve apparent page responsiveness . increasing thumbnail compression beyond the capabilities o ←
→ a machine learning framework for register placement optimization in digital circuit design ; in modern digital circuit back - end design , designers heavily rely on electronic - design - automoation ( eda ) tool to close timing . however , the heuristic algorithms used in the place and route tool usually does not result in optimal solution . thus , significant design effort is used to tune parameters or provide user constraints or guidelines to improve the tool performance . in this paper , we targeted at those optimiza ←
→ a generalization of convolutional neural networks to graph - structured data ; this paper introduces a generalization of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) from low - dimensional grid data , such as images , to graph - structured data . we propose a novel spatial convolution utilizing a random walk to uncover the relations within the input , analogous to the way the standard convolution uses the spatial neighborhood of a pixel on the grid . the convolution has an intuitive interpretation , is efficient and scalable ←
→ correlation - based intrinsic evaluation of word vector representations ; we introduce qvec - cca -- an intrinsic evaluation metric for word vector representations based on correlations of learned vectors with features extracted from linguistic resources . we show that qvec - cca scores are an effective proxy for a range of extrinsic semantic and syntactic tasks . we also show that the proposed evaluation obtains higher and more consistent correlations with downstream tasks , compared to existing approaches to intrins ←
→ entropic causal inference ; we consider the problem of identifying the causal direction between two discrete random variables using observational data . unlike previous work , we keep the most general functional model but make an assumption on the unobserved exogenous variable : inspired by occam ' s razor , we assume that the exogenous variable is simple in the true causal direction . we quantify simplicity using r \' enyi entropy . our main result is that , under natural assumptions , if the exogenous variable has lo ←
→ spsd matrix approximation vis column selection : theories , algorithms , and extensions ; symmetric positive semidefinite ( spsd ) matrix approximation is an important problem with applications in kernel methods . however , existing spsd matrix approximation methods such as the nystr \" om method only have weak error bounds . in this paper we conduct in - depth studies of an spsd matrix approximation model and establish strong relative - error bounds . we call it the prototype model for it has more efficient and effecti ←
→ iris biometric system using a hybrid approach ; iris recognition systems are ocular - based biometric devices used primarily for security reasons . the complexity and the randomness of the iris , amongst various other factors , ensure that this biometric system is inarguably an exact and reliable method of identification . the algorithm is responsible for automatic localization and segmentation of boundaries using circular hough transform , noise reductions , image enhancement and feature extraction across numerou ←
→ a survey on hardware implementations of visual object trackers ; visual object tracking is an active topic in the computer vision domain with applications extending over numerous fields . the main sub - tasks required to build an object tracker ( e . g . object detection , feature extraction and object tracking ) are computation - intensive . in addition , real - time operation of the tracker is indispensable for almost all of its applications . therefore , complete hardware or hardware / software co - design approaches are pur ←
→ learning to predict independent of span ; we consider how to learn multi - step predictions efficiently . conventional algorithms wait until observing actual outcomes before performing the computations to update their predictions . if predictions are made at a high rate or span over a large amount of time , substantial computation can be required to store all relevant observations and to update all predictions when the outcome is finally observed . we show that the exact same predictions can be learned in a much ←
→ cobb angle measurement of scoliosis with reduced variability ; cobb angle , which is a measure of spinal curvature is the standard method for quantifying the magnitude of scoliosis related to spinal deformity in orthopedics . determining the cobb angle through manual process is subject to human errors . in this work , we propose a methodology to measure the magnitude of cobb angle , which appreciably reduces the variability related to its measurement compared to the related works . the proposed methodology is fac ←
→ pose - conditioned spatio - temporal attention for human action recognition ; we address human action recognition from multi - modal video data involving articulated pose and rgb frames and propose a two - stream approach . the pose stream is processed with a convolutional model taking as input a 3d tensor holding data from a sub - sequence . a specific joint ordering , which respects the topology of the human body , ensures that different convolutional layers correspond to meaningful levels of abstraction . the raw rgb s ←
→ early detection of combustion instabilities using deep convolutional selective autoencoders on hi - speed flame video ; this paper proposes an end - to - end convolutional selective autoencoder approach for early detection of combustion instabilities using rapidly arriving flame image frames . the instabilities arising in combustion processes cause significant deterioration and safety issues in various human - engineered systems such as land and air based gas turbine engines . these properties are described as self ←
→ shrec 2011 : robust feature detection and description benchmark ; feature - based approaches have recently become very popular in computer vision and image analysis applications , and are becoming a promising direction in shape retrieval . shrec ' 11 robust feature detection and description benchmark simulates the feature detection and description stages of feature - based shape retrieval algorithms . the benchmark tests the performance of shape feature detectors and descriptors under a wide variety of transformation ←
→ enter the matrix : a virtual world approach to safely interruptable autonomous systems ; robots and autonomous systems that operate around humans will likely always rely on kill switches that stop their execution and allow them to be remote - controlled for the safety of humans or to prevent damage to the system . it is theoretically possible for an autonomous system with sufficient sensor and effector capability and using reinforcement learning to learn that the kill switch deprives it of long - term reward an ←
→ situational object boundary detection ; intuitively , the appearance of true object boundaries varies from image to image . hence the usual monolithic approach of training a single boundary predictor and applying it to all images regardless of their content is bound to be suboptimal . in this paper we therefore propose situational object boundary detection : we first define a variety of situations and train a specialized object boundary detector for each of them using [ dollar and zitnick 2013 ]. then given a tes ←
→ learning high - level representations from demonstrations ; hierarchical learning ( hl ) is key to solving complex sequential decision problems with long horizons and sparse rewards . it allows learning agents to break - up large problems into smaller , more manageable subtasks . a common approach to hl , is to provide the agent with a number of high - level skills that solve small parts of the overall problem . a major open question , however , is how to identify a suitable set of reusable skills . we propose a principled ←
→ mist : l0 sparse linear regression with momentum ; significant attention has been given to minimizing a penalized least squares criterion for estimating sparse solutions to large linear systems of equations . the penalty is responsible for inducing sparsity and the natural choice is the so - called $ l_0 $ norm . in this paper we develop a momentumized iterative shrinkage thresholding ( mist ) algorithm for minimizing the resulting non - convex criterion and prove its convergence to a local minimizer . simulations on l ←
→ high - dimensional covariance decomposition into sparse markov and independence domains ; in this paper , we present a novel framework incorporating a combination of sparse models in different domains . we posit the observed data as generated from a linear combination of a sparse gaussian markov model ( with a sparse precision matrix ) and a sparse gaussian independence model ( with a sparse covariance matrix ). we provide efficient methods for decomposition of the data into two domains , \ viz markov and independe ←
→ classifying and visualizing motion capture sequences using deep neural networks ; the gesture recognition using motion capture data and depth sensors has recently drawn more attention in vision recognition . currently most systems only classify dataset with a couple of dozens different actions . moreover , feature extraction from the data is often computational complex . in this paper , we propose a novel system to recognize the actions from skeleton data with simple , but effective , features using deep neural ←
→ an application - oriented terminology evaluation : the case of back - of - the book indexes ; this paper addresses the problem of computational terminology evaluation not per se but in a specific application context . this paper describes the evaluation procedure that has been used to assess the validity of our overall indexing approach and the quality of the inddoc indexing tool . even if user - oriented extended evaluation is irreplaceable , we argue that early evaluations are possible and they are useful for devel ←
→ nonconvex matrix factorization from rank - one measurements ; we consider the problem of recovering low - rank matrices from random rank - one measurements , which spans numerous applications including covariance sketching , phase retrieval , quantum state tomography , and learning shallow polynomial neural networks , among others . our approach is to directly estimate the low - rank factor by minimizing a nonconvex quadratic loss function via vanilla gradient descent , following a tailored spectral initialization . when t ←
→ detecting overlapping communities in networks using spectral methods ; community detection is a fundamental problem in network analysis which is made more challenging by overlaps between communities which often occur in practice . here we propose a general , flexible , and interpretable generative model for overlapping communities , which can be thought of as a generalization of the degree - corrected stochastic block model . we develop an efficient spectral algorithm for estimating the community memberships , whic ←
→ the structure of signals : causal interdependence models for games of incomplete information ; traditional economic models typically treat private information , or signals , as generated from some underlying state . recent work has explicated alternative models , where signals correspond to interpretations of available information . we show that the difference between these formulations can be sharply cast in terms of causal dependence structure , and employ graphical models to illustrate the distinguishing char ←
→ mapping the dialog act annotations of the lego corpus into the communicative functions of iso 24617 - 2 ; in this paper we present strategies for mapping the dialog act annotations of the lego corpus into the communicative functions of the iso 24617 - 2 standard . using these strategies , we obtained an additional 347 dialogs annotated according to the standard . this is particularly important given the reduced amount of existing data in those conditions due to the recency of the standard . furthermore , these are ←
→ diversity is all you need : learning skills without a reward function ; intelligent creatures can explore their environments and learn useful skills without supervision . in this paper , we propose diayn (" diversity is all you need "), a method for learning useful skills without a reward function . our proposed method learns skills by maximizing an information theoretic objective using a maximum entropy policy . on a variety of simulated robotic tasks , we show that this simple objective results in the unsupervise ←
→ a bayesian optimisation algorithm for the nurse scheduling problem ; a bayesian optimization algorithm for the nurse scheduling problem is presented , which involves choosing a suitable scheduling rule from a set for each nurses assignment . unlike our previous work that used gas to implement implicit learning , the learning in the proposed algorithm is explicit , ie . eventually , we will be able to identify and mix building blocks directly . the bayesian optimization algorithm is applied to implement such explic ←
→ combining tabu search and graph reduction to solve the maximum balanced biclique problem ; the maximum balanced biclique problem is a well - known graph model with relevant applications in diverse domains . this paper introduces a novel algorithm , which combines an effective constraint - based tabu search procedure and two dedicated graph reduction techniques . we verify the effectiveness of the algorithm on 30 classical random benchmark graphs and 25 very large real - life sparse graphs from the popular koblenz ←
→ active clustering : robust and efficient hierarchical clustering using adaptively selected similarities ; hierarchical clustering based on pairwise similarities is a common tool used in a broad range of scientific applications . however , in many problems it may be expensive to obtain or compute similarities between the items to be clustered . this paper investigates the hierarchical clustering of n items based on a small subset of pairwise similarities , significantly less than the complete set of n ( n - 1 )/ 2 si ←
→ image identification using sift algorithm : performance analysis against different image deformations ; image identification is one of the most challenging tasks in different areas of computer vision . scale - invariant feature transform is an algorithm to detect and describe local features in images to further use them as an image matching criteria . in this paper , the performance of the sift matching algorithm against various image distortions such as rotation , scaling , fisheye and motion distortion are eval ←
→ temporal heartnet : towards human - level automatic analysis of fetal cardiac screening video ; we present an automatic method to describe clinically useful information about scanning , and to guide image interpretation in ultrasound ( us ) videos of the fetal heart . our method is able to jointly predict the visibility , viewing plane , location and orientation of the fetal heart at the frame level . the contributions of the paper are three - fold : ( i ) a convolutional neural network architecture is developed for a m ←
→ phoneme recognition in timit with blstm - ctc ; we compare the performance of a recurrent neural network with the best results published so far on phoneme recognition in the timit database . these published results have been obtained with a combination of classifiers . however , in this paper we apply a single recurrent neural network to the same task . our recurrent neural network attains an error rate of 24 . 6 %. this result is not significantly different from that obtained by the other best methods , but they rel ←
→ high - dimensional mixed graphical models ; while graphical models for continuous data ( gaussian graphical models ) and discrete data ( ising models ) have been extensively studied , there is little work on graphical models linking both continuous and discrete variables ( mixed data ), which are common in many scientific applications . we propose a novel graphical model for mixed data , which is simple enough to be suitable for high - dimensional data , yet flexible enough to represent all possible graph structures . we ←
→ nonnegative / binary matrix factorization with a d - wave quantum annealer ; d - wave quantum annealers represent a novel computational architecture and have attracted significant interest , but have been used for few real - world computations . machine learning has been identified as an area where quantum annealing may be useful . here , we show that the d - wave 2x can be effectively used as part of an unsupervised machine learning method . this method can be used to analyze large datasets . the d - wave only limits the nu ←
→ tdl --- a type description language for constraint - based grammars ; this paper presents \ tdl , a typed feature - based representation language and inference system . type definitions in \ tdl \ consist of type and feature constraints over the boolean connectives . \ tdl \ supports open - and closed - world reasoning over types and allows for partitions and incompatible types . working with partially as well as with fully expanded types is possible . efficient reasoning in \ tdl \ is accomplished through specialized modules .←
→ a component based heuristic search method with adaptive perturbations for hospital personnel scheduling ; nurse rostering is a complex scheduling problem that affects hospital personnel on a daily basis all over the world . this paper presents a new component - based approach with adaptive perturbations , for a nurse scheduling problem arising at a major uk hospital . the main idea behind this technique is to decompose a schedule into its components ( i . e . the allocated shift pattern of each nurse ), and then mi ←
→ a deep generative model for disentangled representations of sequential data ; we present a vae architecture for encoding and generating high dimensional sequential data , such as video or audio . our deep generative model learns a latent representation of the data which is split into a static and dynamic part , allowing us to approximately disentangle latent time - dependent features ( dynamics ) from features which are preserved over time ( content ). this architecture gives us partial control over generating con ←
→ practical optimal experiment design with probabilistic programs ; scientists often run experiments to distinguish competing theories . this requires patience , rigor , and ingenuity - there is often a large space of possible experiments one could run . but we need not comb this space by hand - if we represent our theories as formal models and explicitly declare the space of experiments , we can automate the search for good experiments , looking for those with high expected information gain . here , we present a gen ←
→ sushi dish - object detection and classification from real images ; in conveyor belt sushi restaurants , billing is a burdened job because one has to manually count the number of dishes and identify the color of them to calculate the price . in a busy situation , there can be a mistake that customers are overcharged or under - charged . to deal with this problem , we developed a method that automatically identifies the color of dishes and calculate the total price using real images . our method consists of ellipse ←
→ kernel robust bias - aware prediction under covariate shift ; under covariate shift , training ( source ) data and testing ( target ) data differ in input space distribution , but share the same conditional label distribution . this poses a challenging machine learning task . robust bias - aware ( rba ) prediction provides the conditional label distribution that is robust to the worstcase logarithmic loss for the target distribution while matching feature expectation constraints from the source distribution . however , emp ←
→ theoretical and numerical analysis of approximate dynamic programming with approximation errors ; this study is aimed at answering the famous question of how the approximation errors at each iteration of approximate dynamic programming ( adp ) affect the quality of the final results considering the fact that errors at each iteration affect the next iteration . to this goal , convergence of value iteration scheme of adp for deterministic nonlinear optimal control problems with undiscounted cost functions is in ←
→ codeco : a grammar notation for controlled natural language in predictive editors ; existing grammar frameworks do not work out particularly well for controlled natural languages ( cnl ), especially if they are to be used in predictive editors . i introduce in this paper a new grammar notation , called codeco , which is designed specifically for cnls and predictive editors . two different parsers have been implemented and a large subset of attempto controlled english ( ace ) has been represented in codeco . the res ←
→ constraint reduction using marginal polytope diagrams for map lp relaxations ; lp relaxation - based message passing algorithms provide an effective tool for map inference over probabilistic graphical models . however , different lp relaxations often have different objective functions and variables of differing dimensions , which presents a barrier to effective comparison and analysis . in addition , the computational complexity of lp relaxation - based methods grows quickly with the number of constraints . reducin ←
→ steepest ascent hill climbing for a mathematical problem ; the paper proposes artificial intelligence technique called hill climbing to find numerical solutions of diophantine equations . such equations are important as they have many applications in fields like public key cryptography , integer factorization , algebraic curves , projective curves and data dependency in super computers . importantly , it has been proved that there is no general method to find solutions of such equations . this paper is an attempt ←
→ learning deep features for discriminative localization ; in this work , we revisit the global average pooling layer proposed in [ 13 ], and shed light on how it explicitly enables the convolutional neural network to have remarkable localization ability despite being trained on image - level labels . while this technique was previously proposed as a means for regularizing training , we find that it actually builds a generic localizable deep representation that can be applied to a variety of tasks . despite the appar ←
→ sentiment analysis using collaborated opinion mining ; opinion mining and sentiment analysis have emerged as a field of study since the widespread of world wide web and internet . opinion refers to extraction of those lines or phrase in the raw and huge data which express an opinion . sentiment analysis on the other hand identifies the polarity of the opinion being extracted . in this paper we propose the sentiment analysis in collaboration with opinion extraction , summarization , and tracking the records of th ←
→ sparse overcomplete word vector representations ; current distributed representations of words show little resemblance to theories of lexical semantics . the former are dense and uninterpretable , the latter largely based on familiar , discrete classes ( e . g ., supersenses ) and relations ( e . g ., synonymy and hypernymy ). we propose methods that transform word vectors into sparse ( and optionally binary ) vectors . the resulting representations are more similar to the interpretable features typically used in nlp , thou ←
→ a unified joint matrix factorization framework for data integration ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) is a powerful tool in data exploratory analysis by discovering the hidden features and part - based patterns from high - dimensional data . nmf and its variants have been successfully applied into diverse fields such as pattern recognition , signal processing , data mining , bioinformatics and so on . recently , nmf has been extended to analyze multiple matrices simultaneously . however , a unified framework is ←
→ a multi - objective exploratory procedure for regression model selection ; variable selection is recognized as one of the most critical steps in statistical modeling . the problems encountered in engineering and social sciences are commonly characterized by over - abundance of explanatory variables , non - linearities and unknown interdependencies between the regressors . an added difficulty is that the analysts may have little or no prior knowledge on the relative importance of the variables . to provide a robust me ←
→ spikes as regularizers ; we present a confidence - based single - layer feed - forward learning algorithm spiral ( spike regularized adaptive learning ) relying on an encoding of activation spikes . we adaptively update a weight vector relying on confidence estimates and activation offsets relative to previous activity . we regularize updates proportionally to item - level confidence and weight - specific support , loosely inspired by the observation from neurophysiology that high spike rates are sometimes accompanied by ←
→ sideeye : a generative neural network based simulator of human peripheral vision ; foveal vision makes up less than 1 % of the visual field . the other 99 % is peripheral vision . precisely what human beings see in the periphery is both obvious and mysterious in that we see it with our own eyes but can ' t visualize what we see , except in controlled lab experiments . degradation of information in the periphery is far more complex than what might be mimicked with a radial blur . rather , behaviorally - validated model ←
→ multilevel modeling with structured penalties for classification from imaging genetics data ; in this paper , we propose a framework for automatic classification of patients from multimodal genetic and brain imaging data by optimally combining them . additive models with unadapted penalties ( such as the classical group lasso penalty or $ l_1 $- multiple kernel learning ) treat all modalities in the same manner and can result in undesirable elimination of specific modalities when their contributions are unbalanc ←
→ a comparative study of counterfactual estimators ; we provide a comparative study of several widely used off - policy estimators ( empirical average , basic importance sampling and normalized importance sampling ), detailing the different regimes where they are individually suboptimal . we then exhibit properties optimal estimators should possess . in the case where examples have been gathered using multiple policies , we show that fused estimators dominate basic ones but can still be improved .←
→ evolution in groups : a deeper look at synaptic cluster driven evolution of deep neural networks ; a promising paradigm for achieving highly efficient deep neural networks is the idea of evolutionary deep intelligence , which mimics biological evolution processes to progressively synthesize more efficient networks . a crucial design factor in evolutionary deep intelligence is the genetic encoding scheme used to simulate heredity and determine the architectures of offspring networks . in this study , we take a ←
→ evaluating software - based fingerprint liveness detection using convolutional networks and local binary patterns ; with the growing use of biometric authentication systems in the past years , spoof fingerprint detection has become increasingly important . in this work , we implement and evaluate two different feature extraction techniques for software - based fingerprint liveness detection : convolutional networks with random weights and local binary patterns . both techniques were used in conjunction with a supp ←
→ gene - gene association for imaging genetics data using robust kernel canonical correlation analysis ; in genome - wide interaction studies , to detect gene - gene interactions , most methods are divided into two folds : single nucleotide polymorphisms ( snp ) based and gene - based methods . basically , the methods based on the gene are more effective than the methods based on a single snp . recent years , while the kernel canonical correlation analysis ( classical kernel cca ) based u statistic ( kccu ) has proposed to dete ←
→ uncertainty - aware learning from demonstration using mixture density networks with sampling - free variance modeling ; in this paper , we propose an uncertainty - aware learning from demonstration method by presenting a novel uncertainty estimation method utilizing a mixture density network appropriate for modeling complex and noisy human behaviors . the proposed uncertainty acquisition can be done with a single forward path without monte carlo sampling and is suitable for real - time robotics applications . the pr ←
→ a generalized motion pattern and fcn based approach for retinal fluid detection and segmentation ; sd - oct is a non - invasive cross - sectional imaging modality used for diagnosis of macular defects . efficient detection and segmentation of the abnormalities seen as biomarkers in oct can help in analyzing the progression of the disease and advising effective treatment for the associated disease . in this work , we propose a fully automated generalized motion pattern ( gmp ) based segmentation method using a cascade ←
→ a differential invariant for zooming ; this paper presents an invariant under scaling and linear brightness change . the invariant is based on differentials and therefore is a local feature . rotationally invariant 2 - d differential gaussian operators up to third order are proposed for the implementation of the invariant . the performance is analyzed by simulating a camera zoom - out .←
→ salient object detection with semantic priors ; salient object detection has increasingly become a popular topic in cognitive and computational sciences , including computer vision and artificial intelligence research . in this paper , we propose integrating \ textit { semantic priors } into the salient object detection process . our algorithm consists of three basic steps . firstly , the explicit saliency map is obtained based on the semantic segmentation refined by the explicit saliency priors learned from the data ←
→ three new sensitivity analysis methods for influence diagrams ; performing sensitivity analysis for influence diagrams using the decision circuit framework is particularly convenient , since the partial derivatives with respect to every parameter are readily available [ bhattacharjya and shachter , 2007 ; 2008 ]. in this paper we present three non - linear sensitivity analysis methods that utilize this partial derivative information and therefore do not require re - evaluating the decision situation multiple times . ←
→ laser actuated presentation system ; we present here a pattern sensitive powerpoint presentation scheme . the presentation is actuated by simple patterns drawn on the presentation screen by a laser pointer . a specific pattern corresponds to a particular command required to operate the presentation . laser spot on the screen is captured by a rgb webcam with a red filter mounted , and its location is identified at the blue layer of each captured frame by estimating the mean position of the pixels whose intensity ←
→ relating complexity - theoretic parameters with sat solver performance ; over the years complexity theorists have proposed many structural parameters to explain the surprising efficiency of conflict - driven clause - learning ( cdcl ) sat solvers on a wide variety of large industrial boolean instances . while some of these parameters have been studied empirically , until now there has not been a unified comparative study of their explanatory power on a comprehensive benchmark . we correct this state of affairs by cond ←
→ swipe mosaics from video ; a panoramic image mosaic is an attractive visualization for viewing many overlapping photos , but its images must be both captured and processed correctly to produce an acceptable composite . we propose swipe mosaics , an interactive visualization that places the individual video frames on a 2d planar map that represents the layout of the physical scene . compared to traditional panoramic mosaics , our capture is easier because the user can both translate the camera center and film mov ←
→ veracity computing from lexical cues and perceived certainty trends ; we present a data - driven method for determining the veracity of a set of rumorous claims on social media data . tweets from different sources pertaining to a rumor are processed on three levels : first , factuality values are assigned to each tweet based on four textual cue categories relevant for our journalism use case ; these amalgamate speaker support in terms of polarity and commitment in terms of certainty and speculation . next , the pro ←
→ bayesian non - parametric model to target gamification notifications using big data ; i suggest an approach that helps the online marketers to target their gamification elements to users by modifying the order of the list of tasks that they send to users . it is more realistic and flexible as it allows the model to learn more parameters when the online marketers collect more data . the targeting approach is scalable and quick , and it can be used over streaming data .←
→ comparing multi - target trackers on different force unit levels ; consider the problem of tracking a set of moving targets . apart from the tracking result , it is often important to know where the tracking fails , either to steer sensors to that part of the state - space , or to inform a human operator about the status and quality of the obtained information . an intuitive quality measure is the correlation between two tracking results based on uncorrelated observations . in the case of bayesian trackers such a cor ←
→ exercise motion classification from large - scale wearable sensor data using convolutional neural networks ; the ability to accurately identify human activities is essential for developing automatic rehabilitation and sports training systems . in this paper , large - scale exercise motion data obtained from a forearm - worn wearable sensor are classified with a convolutional neural network ( cnn ). time - series data consisting of accelerometer and orientation measurements are formatted as images , allowing the cnn to ←
→ single - pass , adaptive natural language filtering : measuring value in user generated comments on large - scale , social media news forums ; there are large amounts of insight and social discovery potential in mining crowd - sourced comments left on popular news forums like reddit . com , tumblr . com , facebook . com and hacker news . unfortunately , due the overwhelming amount of participation with its varying quality of commentary , extracting value out of such data isn ' t always obvious nor timely . by designing efficien ←
→ solving inverse computational imaging problems using deep pixel - level prior ; generative models based on deep neural networks are quite powerful in modelling natural image statistics . in particular , deep auto - regressive models provide state of the art performance , in terms of log likelihood scores , by modelling tractable densities over the image manifold . in this work , we employ a learned deep auto - regressive model as data prior for solving different inverse problems in computational imaging . we demonstra ←
→ learning from synthetic data using a stacked multichannel autoencoder ; learning from synthetic data has many important and practical applications . an example of application is photo - sketch recognition . using synthetic data is challenging due to the differences in feature distributions between synthetic and real data , a phenomenon we term synthetic gap . in this paper , we investigate and formalize a general framework - stacked multichannel autoencoder ( smcae ) that enables bridging the synthetic gap and learnin ←
→ differentially private matrix completion , revisited ; we study the problem of privacy - preserving collaborative filtering where the objective is to reconstruct the entire users - items preference matrix using a few observed preferences of users for some of the items . furthermore , the collaborative filtering algorithm should reconstruct the preference matrix while preserving the privacy of each user . we study this problem in the setting of joint differential privacy where each user computes her own preferences ←
→ deep identity - aware transfer of facial attributes ; this paper presents a deep convolutional network model for identity - aware transfer ( diat ) of facial attributes . given the source input image and the reference attribute , diat aims to generate a facial image ( i . e ., target image ) that not only owns the reference attribute but also keep the same or similar identity to the input image . we develop a two - stage scheme to transfer the input image to each reference attribute label . a feed - forward transform network ←
→ efficient learning with a family of nonconvex regularizers by redistributing nonconvexity ; the use of convex regularizers allows for easy optimization , though they often produce biased estimation and inferior prediction performance . recently , nonconvex regularizers have attracted a lot of attention and outperformed convex ones . however , the resultant optimization problem is much harder . in this paper , for a large class of nonconvex regularizers , we propose to move the nonconvexity from the regularizer to ←
→ on human motion prediction using recurrent neural networks ; human motion modelling is a classical problem at the intersection of graphics and computer vision , with applications spanning human - computer interaction , motion synthesis , and motion prediction for virtual and augmented reality . following the success of deep learning methods in several computer vision tasks , recent work has focused on using deep recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) to model human motion , with the goal of learning time - dependent repres ←
→ an adaptive algorithm for precise pupil boundary detection using entropy of contour gradients ; eye tracking spreads through a vast area of applications from ophthalmology , assistive technologies to gaming and virtual reality . detection of pupil is the most critical step in many of these tasks hence needs to be performed accurately . although detection of pupil is a smooth task in clear sight , possible occlusions and odd viewpoints complicate the problem . we present an adaptive pupil boundary detection met ←
→ symmetries of symmetry breaking constraints ; symmetry is an important feature of many constraint programs . we show that any symmetry acting on a set of symmetry breaking constraints can be used to break symmetry . different symmetries pick out different solutions in each symmetry class . we use these observations in two methods for eliminating symmetry from a problem . these methods are designed to have many of the advantages of symmetry breaking methods that post static symmetry breaking constraint without s ←
→ progress in computer - assisted inductive theorem proving by human - orientedness and descente infinie ? ; in this short position paper we briefly review the development history of automated inductive theorem proving and computer - assisted mathematical induction . we think that the current low expectations on progress in this field result from a faulty narrow - scope historical projection . our main motivation is to explain -- on an abstract but hopefully sufficiently descriptive level -- why we believe that future pro ←
→ sam : structural agnostic model , causal discovery and penalized adversarial learning ; we present the structural agnostic model ( sam ), a framework to estimate end - to - end non - acyclic causal graphs from observational data . in a nutshell , sam implements an adversarial game in which a separate model generates each variable , given real values from all others . in tandem , a discriminator attempts to distinguish between the joint distributions of real and generated samples . finally , a sparsity penalty forces each ←
→ evolutionary algorithms ; this manuscript contains an outline of lectures course " evolutionary algorithms " read by the author in omsk state university n . a . f . m . dostoevsky . the course covers canonic genetic algorithm and various other genetic algorithms as well as evolutionary strategies , genetic programming , tabu search and the class of evolutionary algorithms in general . some facts , such as the rotation property of crossover , the schemata theorem , ga performance as a local search and " almost surely " conver ←
→ sparse prediction with the $ k $- support norm ; we derive a novel norm that corresponds to the tightest convex relaxation of sparsity combined with an $\ ell_2 $ penalty . we show that this new {\ em $ k $- support norm } provides a tighter relaxation than the elastic net and is thus a good replacement for the lasso or the elastic net in sparse prediction problems . through the study of the $ k $- support norm , we also bound the looseness of the elastic net , thus shedding new light on it and providing justification for i ←
→ sparse support vector infinite push ; in this paper , we address the problem of embedded feature selection for ranking on top of the list problems . we pose this problem as a regularized empirical risk minimization with $ p $- norm push loss function ($ p =\ infty $) and sparsity inducing regularizers . we leverage the issues related to this challenging optimization problem by considering an alternating direction method of multipliers algorithm which is built upon proximal operators of the loss function and the regul ←
→ discovering representative examples for program synthesis ; program synthesis is a class of regression problems where one seeks a solution , in the form of a source - code program , mapping the inputs to their corresponding outputs exactly . due to its precise and combinatorial nature , program synthesis is commonly formulated as a constraint satisfaction problem , where input - output examples are encoded as constraints and solved with a constraint solver . a key challenge of this formulation is scalability : while c ←
→ a metric on the space of finite sets of trajectories for evaluation of multi - target tracking algorithms ; in this paper , we propose a metric on the space of finite sets of trajectories for assessing multi - target tracking algorithms in a mathematically sound way . the metric can be used , e . g ., to compare estimates from algorithms with the ground truth . it includes intuitive costs associated to localization , missed and false targets and track switches . the metric computation is based on multi - dimensional ass ←
→ cruciform : solving crosswords with natural language processing ; crossword puzzles are popular word games that require not only a large vocabulary , but also a broad knowledge of topics . answering each clue is a natural language task on its own as many clues contain nuances , puns , or counter - intuitive word definitions . additionally , it can be extremely difficult to ascertain definitive answers without the constraints of the crossword grid itself . this task is challenging for both humans and computers . we des ←
→ land cover mapping at very high resolution with rotation equivariant cnns : towards small yet accurate models ; in remote sensing images , the absolute orientation of objects is arbitrary . depending on an object ' s orientation and on a sensor ' s flight path , objects of the same semantic class can be observed in different orientations in the same image . equivariance to rotation , in this context understood as responding with a rotated semantic label map when subject to a rotation of the input image , is therefor ←
→ dominion -- a constraint solver generator ; this paper proposes a design for a system to generate constraint solvers that are specialised for specific problem models . it describes the design in detail and gives preliminary experimental results showing the feasibility and effectiveness of the approach .←
→ unsupervised domain adaption dictionary learning for visual recognition ; over the last years , dictionary learning method has been extensively applied to deal with various computer vision recognition applications , and produced state - of - the - art results . however , when the data instances of a target domain have a different distribution than that of a source domain , the dictionary learning method may fail to perform well . in this paper , we address the cross - domain visual recognition problem and propose a simple ←
→ prioritized norms in formal argumentation ; to resolve conflicts among norms , various nonmonotonic formalisms can be used to perform prioritized normative reasoning . meanwhile , formal argumentation provides a way to represent nonmonotonic logics . in this paper , we propose a representation of prioritized normative reasoning by argumentation . using hierarchical abstract normative systems , we define three kinds of prioritized normative reasoning approaches , called greedy , reduction , and optimization . then , aft ←
→ insight : a neuromorphic computing system for evaluation of large neural networks ; deep neural networks have been demonstrated impressive results in various cognitive tasks such as object detection and image classification . in order to execute large networks , von neumann computers store the large number of weight parameters in external memories , and processing elements are timed - shared , which leads to power - hungry i / o operations and processing bottlenecks . this paper describes a neuromorphic computing sys ←
→ query complexity of derivative - free optimization ; this paper provides lower bounds on the convergence rate of derivative free optimization ( dfo ) with noisy function evaluations , exposing a fundamental and unavoidable gap between the performance of algorithms with access to gradients and those with access to only function evaluations . however , there are situations in which dfo is unavoidable , and for such situations we propose a new dfo algorithm that is proved to be near optimal for the class of strongly c ←
→ rgb - d - based human motion recognition with deep learning : a survey ; human motion recognition is one of the most important branches of human - centered research activities . in recent years , motion recognition based on rgb - d data has attracted much attention . along with the development in artificial intelligence , deep learning techniques have gained remarkable success in computer vision . in particular , convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have achieved great success for image - based tasks , and recurrent neural ne ←
→ evaluating approaches for supervised semantic labeling ; relational data sources are still one of the most popular ways to store enterprise or web data , however , the issue with relational schema is the lack of a well - defined semantic description . a common ontology provides a way to represent the meaning of a relational schema and can facilitate the integration of heterogeneous data sources within a domain . semantic labeling is achieved by mapping attributes from the data sources to the classes and propertie ←
→ online cluster validity indices for streaming data ; cluster analysis is used to explore structure in unlabeled data sets in a wide range of applications . an important part of cluster analysis is validating the quality of computationally obtained clusters . a large number of different internal indices have been developed for validation in the offline setting . however , this concept has not been extended to the online setting . a key challenge is to find an efficient incremental formulation of an index that can ←
→ cross - lingual syntactic transfer with limited resources ; we describe a simple but effective method for cross - lingual syntactic transfer of dependency parsers , in the scenario where a large amount of translation data is not available . the method makes use of three steps : 1 ) a method for deriving cross - lingual word clusters , which can then be used in a multilingual parser ; 2 ) a method for transferring lexical information from a target language to source language treebanks ; 3 ) a method for integrating these s ←
→ theory of optimizing pseudolinear performance measures : application to f - measure ; non - linear performance measures are widely used for the evaluation of learning algorithms . for example , $ f $- measure is a commonly used performance measure for classification problems in machine learning and information retrieval community . we study the theoretical properties of a subset of non - linear performance measures called pseudo - linear performance measures which includes $ f $- measure , \ emph { jaccard index }, among many o ←
→ ensembles of kernel predictors ; this paper examines the problem of learning with a finite and possibly large set of p base kernels . it presents a theoretical and empirical analysis of an approach addressing this problem based on ensembles of kernel predictors . this includes novel theoretical guarantees based on the rademacher complexity of the corresponding hypothesis sets , the introduction and analysis of a learning algorithm based on these hypothesis sets , and a series of experiments using ensembles of k ←
→ deep broad learning - big models for big data ; deep learning has demonstrated the power of detailed modeling of complex high - order ( multivariate ) interactions in data . for some learning tasks there is power in learning models that are not only deep but also broad . by broad , we mean models that incorporate evidence from large numbers of features . this is of especial value in applications where many different features and combinations of features all carry small amounts of information about the class . the mo ←
→ metboost : exploratory regression analysis with hierarchically clustered data ; as data collections become larger , exploratory regression analysis becomes more important but more challenging . when observations are hierarchically clustered the problem is even more challenging because model selection with mixed effect models can produce misleading results when nonlinear effects are not included into the model ( bauer and cai , 2009 ). a machine learning method called boosted decision trees ( friedman , 2001 ) is a ←
→ introduction to the conll - 2001 shared task : clause identification ; we describe the conll - 2001 shared task : dividing text into clauses . we give background information on the data sets , present a general overview of the systems that have taken part in the shared task and briefly discuss their performance .←
→ kunchenko ' s polynomials for template matching ; this paper reviews kunchenko ' s polynomials using as template matching method to recognize template in one - dimensional input signal . kunchenko ' s polynomials method is compared with classical methods - cross - correlation and sum of squared differences according to numerical statistical example .←
→ feature representation for online signature verification ; biometrics systems have been used in a wide range of applications and have improved people authentication . signature verification is one of the most common biometric methods with techniques that employ various specifications of a signature . recently , deep learning has achieved great success in many fields , such as image , sounds and text processing . in this paper , deep learning method has been used for feature extraction and feature selection .←
→ on detecting noun - adjective agreement errors in bulgarian language using gate ; in this article , we describe an approach for automatic detection of noun - adjective agreement errors in bulgarian texts by explaining the necessary steps required to develop a simple java - based language processing application . for this purpose , we use the gate language processing framework , which is capable of analyzing texts in bulgarian language and can be embedded in software applications , accessed through a set of java apis ←
→ gene ontology ( go ) prediction using machine learning methods ; we applied machine learning to predict whether a gene is involved in axon regeneration . we extracted 31 features from different databases and trained five machine learning models . our optimal model , a random forest classifier with 50 submodels , yielded a test score of 85 . 71 %, which is 4 . 1 % higher than the baseline score . we concluded that our models have some predictive capability . similar methodology and features could be applied to predict oth ←
→ distributed graphlab : a framework for machine learning in the cloud ; while high - level data parallel frameworks , like mapreduce , simplify the design and implementation of large - scale data processing systems , they do not naturally or efficiently support many important data mining and machine learning algorithms and can lead to inefficient learning systems . to help fill this critical void , we introduced the graphlab abstraction which naturally expresses asynchronous , dynamic , graph - parallel computation while ←
→ correction of noisy sentences using a monolingual corpus ; correction of noisy natural language text is an important and well studied problem in natural language processing . it has a number of applications in domains like statistical machine translation , second language learning and natural language generation . in this work , we consider some statistical techniques for text correction . we define the classes of errors commonly found in text and describe algorithms to correct them . the data has been taken from ←
→ low - dimensional data embedding via robust ranking ; we describe a new method called t - ete for finding a low - dimensional embedding of a set of objects in euclidean space . we formulate the embedding problem as a joint ranking problem over a set of triplets , where each triplet captures the relative similarities between three objects in the set . by exploiting recent advances in robust ranking , t - ete produces high - quality embeddings even in the presence of a significant amount of noise and better preserves local ←
→ clustering belief functions based on attracting and conflicting metalevel evidence ; in this paper we develop a method for clustering belief functions based on attracting and conflicting metalevel evidence . such clustering is done when the belief functions concern multiple events , and all belief functions are mixed up . the clustering process is used as the means for separating the belief functions into subsets that should be handled independently . while the conflicting metalevel evidence is generated inte ←
→ learning photography aesthetics with deep cnns ; automatic photo aesthetic assessment is a challenging artificial intelligence task . existing computational approaches have focused on modeling a single aesthetic score or a class ( good or bad ), however these do not provide any details on why the photograph is good or bad , or which attributes contribute to the quality of the photograph . to obtain both accuracy and human interpretation of the score , we advocate learning the aesthetic attributes along with the p ←
→ when vehicles see pedestrians with phones : a multi - cue framework for recognizing phone - based activities of pedestrians ; the intelligent vehicle community has devoted considerable efforts to model driver behavior , and in particular to detect and overcome driver distraction in an effort to reduce accidents caused by driver negligence . however , as the domain increasingly shifts towards autonomous and semi - autonomous solutions , the driver is no longer integral to the decision making process , indicating a need ←
→ representation learning : a review and new perspectives ; the success of machine learning algorithms generally depends on data representation , and we hypothesize that this is because different representations can entangle and hide more or less the different explanatory factors of variation behind the data . although specific domain knowledge can be used to help design representations , learning with generic priors can also be used , and the quest for ai is motivating the design of more powerful representation - l ←
→ graphical models and exponential families ; we provide a classification of graphical models according to their representation as subfamilies of exponential families . undirected graphical models with no hidden variables are linear exponential families ( lefs ), directed acyclic graphical models and chain graphs with no hidden variables , including bayesian networks with several families of local distributions , are curved exponential families ( cefs ) and graphical models with hidden variables are stratified expon ←
→ a cost - sensitive visual question - answer framework for mining a deep and - or object semantics from web images ; this paper presents a cost - sensitive question - answering ( qa ) framework for learning a nine - layer and - or graph ( aog ) from web images , which explicitly represents object categories , poses , parts , and detailed structures within the parts in a compositional hierarchy . the qa framework is designed to minimize an overall risk , which trades off the loss and query costs . the loss is defined for nodes in a ←
→ online learning of k - cnf boolean functions ; this paper revisits the problem of learning a k - cnf boolean function from examples in the context of online learning under the logarithmic loss . in doing so , we give a bayesian interpretation to one of valiant ' s celebrated pac learning algorithms , which we then build upon to derive two efficient , online , probabilistic , supervised learning algorithms for predicting the output of an unknown k - cnf boolean function . we analyze the loss of our methods , and show that t ←
→ classifying fonts and calligraphy styles using complex wavelet transform ; recognizing fonts has become an important task in document analysis , due to the increasing number of available digital documents in different fonts and emphases . a generic font - recognition system independent of language , script and content is desirable for processing various types of documents . at the same time , categorizing calligraphy styles in handwritten manuscripts is important for palaeographic analysis , but has not been studie ←
→ direct detection of pixel - level myocardial infarction areas via a deep - learning algorithm ; accurate detection of the myocardial infarction ( mi ) area is crucial for early diagnosis planning and follow - up management . in this study , we propose an end - to - end deep - learning algorithm framework ( of - rnn ) to accurately detect the mi area at the pixel level . our of - rnn consists of three different function layers : the heart localization layers , which can accurately and automatically crop the region - of - interest ( ro ←
→ an algorithm for aligning sentences in bilingual corpora using lexical information ; in this paper we describe an algorithm for aligning sentences with their translations in a bilingual corpus using lexical information of the languages . existing efficient algorithms ignore word identities and consider only the sentence lengths ( brown , 1991 ; gale and church , 1993 ). for a sentence in the source language text , the proposed algorithm picks the most likely translation from the target language text using lexica ←
→ quadratic unconstrained binary optimization problem preprocessing : theory and empirical analysis ; the quadratic unconstrained binary optimization problem ( qubo ) has become a unifying model for representing a wide range of combinatorial optimization problems , and for linking a variety of disciplines that face these problems . a new class of quantum annealing computer that maps qubo onto a physical qubit network structure with specific size and edge density restrictions is generating a growing interest in w ←
→ quicknet : maximizing efficiency and efficacy in deep architectures ; we present quicknet , a fast and accurate network architecture that is both faster and significantly more accurate than other fast deep architectures like squeezenet . furthermore , it uses less parameters than previous networks , making it more memory efficient . we do this by making two major modifications to the reference darknet model ( redmon et al , 2015 ): 1 ) the use of depthwise separable convolutions and 2 ) the use of parametric rectified ←
→ the probatilistic quantifier fuzzification mechanism fa : a theoretical analysis ; the main goal of this work is to analyze the behaviour of the fa quantifier fuzzification mechanism . as we prove in the paper , this model has a very solid theorethical behaviour , superior to most of the models defined in the literature . moreover , we show that the underlying probabilistic interpretation has very interesting consequences .←
→ kernel methods on approximate infinite - dimensional covariance operators for image classification ; this paper presents a novel framework for visual object recognition using infinite - dimensional covariance operators of input features in the paradigm of kernel methods on infinite - dimensional riemannian manifolds . our formulation provides in particular a rich representation of image features by exploiting their non - linear correlations . theoretically , we provide a finite - dimensional approximation of the log - h ←
→ on the em - tau algorithm : a new em - style algorithm with partial e - steps ; the em algorithm is one of many important tools in the field of statistics . while often used for imputing missing data , its widespread applications include other common statistical tasks , such as clustering . in clustering , the em algorithm assumes a parametric distribution for the clusters , whose parameters are estimated through a novel iterative procedure that is based on the theory of maximum likelihood . however , one major drawback o ←
→ rank correlation measure : a representational transformation for biometric template protection ; despite a variety of theoretical - sound techniques have been proposed for biometric template protection , there is rarely practical solution that guarantees non - invertibility , cancellability , non - linkability and performance simultaneously . in this paper , a ranking - based representational transformation is proposed for fingerprint templates . the proposed method transforms a real - valued feature vector into index cod ←
→ prediction and clustering in signed networks : a local to global perspective ; the study of social networks is a burgeoning research area . however , most existing work deals with networks that simply encode whether relationships exist or not . in contrast , relationships in signed networks can be positive (" like ", " trust ") or negative (" dislike ", " distrust "). the theory of social balance shows that signed networks tend to conform to some local patterns that , in turn , induce certain global characteristics . in ←
→ l_1 - regularized boltzmann machine learning using majorizer minimization ; we propose an inference method to estimate sparse interactions and biases according to boltzmann machine learning . the basis of this method is $ l_1 $ regularization , which is often used in compressed sensing , a technique for reconstructing sparse input signals from undersampled outputs . $ l_1 $ regularization impedes the simple application of the gradient method , which optimizes the cost function that leads to accurate estimations , owing ←
→ a new parameter learning method for bayesian networks with qualitative influences ; we propose a new method for parameter learning in bayesian networks with qualitative influences . this method extends our previous work from networks of binary variables to networks of discrete variables with ordered values . the specified qualitative influences correspond to certain order restrictions on the parameters in the network . these parameters may therefore be estimated using constrained maximum likelihood estimatio ←
→ can peripheral representations improve clutter metrics on complex scenes ? ; previous studies have proposed image - based clutter measures that correlate with human search times and / or eye movements . however , most models do not take into account the fact that the effects of clutter interact with the foveated nature of the human visual system : visual clutter further from the fovea has an increasing detrimental influence on perception . here , we introduce a new foveated clutter model to predict the detrimental ←
→ vizwiz grand challenge : answering visual questions from blind people ; the study of algorithms to automatically answer visual questions currently is motivated by visual question answering ( vqa ) datasets constructed in artificial vqa settings . we propose vizwiz , the first goal - oriented vqa dataset arising from a natural vqa setting . vizwiz consists of over 31 , 000 visual questions originating from blind people who each took a picture using a mobile phone and recorded a spoken question about it , together with ←
→ probabilistic graphs using coupled random variables ; neural network design has utilized flexible nonlinear processes which can mimic biological systems , but has suffered from a lack of traceability in the resulting network . graphical probabilistic models ground network design in probabilistic reasoning , but the restrictions reduce the expressive capability of each node making network designs complex . the ability to model coupled random variables using the calculus of nonextensive statistical mechanics prov ←
→ state space lstm models with particle mcmc inference ; long short - term memory ( lstm ) is one of the most powerful sequence models . despite the strong performance , however , it lacks the nice interpretability as in state space models . in this paper , we present a way to combine the best of both worlds by introducing state space lstm ( ssl ) models that generalizes the earlier work \ cite { zaheer2017latent } of combining topic models with lstm . however , unlike \ cite { zaheer2017latent }, we do not make any factorization ←
→ activity - conditioned continuous human pose estimation for performance analysis of athletes using the example of swimming ; in this paper we consider the problem of human pose estimation in real - world videos of swimmers . swimming channels allow filming swimmers simultaneously above and below the water surface with a single stationary camera . these recordings can be used to quantitatively assess the athletes ' performance . the quantitative evaluation , so far , requires manual annotations of body parts in each ←
→ automated unsupervised segmentation of liver lesions in ct scans via cahn - hilliard phase separation ; the segmentation of liver lesions is crucial for detection , diagnosis and monitoring progression of liver cancer . however , design of accurate automated methods remains challenging due to high noise in ct scans , low contrast between liver and lesions , as well as large lesion variability . we propose a 3d automatic , unsupervised method for liver lesions segmentation using a phase separation approach . it is a ←
→ explicit approximations of the gaussian kernel ; we investigate training and using gaussian kernel svms by approximating the kernel with an explicit finite - dimensional polynomial feature representation based on the taylor expansion of the exponential . although not as efficient as the recently - proposed random fourier features [ rahimi and recht , 2007 ] in terms of the number of features , we show how this polynomial representation can provide a better approximation in terms of the computational cost involved . ←
→ detecting moving regions in crowdcam images ; we address the novel problem of detecting dynamic regions in crowdcam images , a set of still images captured by a group of people . these regions capture the most interesting parts of the scene , and detecting them plays an important role in the analysis of visual data . our method is based on the observation that matching static points must satisfy the epipolar geometry constraints , but computing exact matches is challenging . instead , we compute the probability th ←
→ a paraconsistent higher order logic ; classical logic predicts that everything ( thus nothing useful at all ) follows from inconsistency . a paraconsistent logic is a logic where an inconsistency does not lead to such an explosion , and since in practice consistency is difficult to achieve there are many potential applications of paraconsistent logics in knowledge - based systems , logical semantics of natural language , etc . higher order logics have the advantages of being expressive and with several automated the ←
→ adversarial deep structural networks for mammographic mass segmentation ; mass segmentation is an important task in mammogram analysis , providing effective morphological features and regions of interest ( roi ) for mass detection and classification . inspired by the success of using deep convolutional features for natural image analysis and conditional random fields ( crf ) for structural learning , we propose an end - to - end network for mammographic mass segmentation . the network employs a fully convolutional netw ←
→ scalable recommendation with poisson factorization ; we develop a bayesian poisson matrix factorization model for forming recommendations from sparse user behavior data . these data are large user / item matrices where each user has provided feedback on only a small subset of items , either explicitly ( e . g ., through star ratings ) or implicitly ( e . g ., through views or purchases ). in contrast to traditional matrix factorization approaches , poisson factorization implicitly models each user ' s limited attention to c ←
→ word , subword or character ? an empirical study of granularity in chinese - english nmt ; neural machine translation ( nmt ), a new approach to machine translation , has been proved to outperform conventional statistical machine translation ( smt ) across a variety of language pairs . translation is an open - vocabulary problem , but most existing nmt systems operate with a fixed vocabulary , which causes the incapability of translating rare words . this problem can be alleviated by using different translation granular ←
→ new crossover operators for multiple subset selection tasks ; we have introduced two crossover operators , mmx - blxexploit and mmx - blxexplore , for simultaneously solving multiple feature / subset selection problems where the features may have numeric attributes and the subset sizes are not predefined . these operators differ on the level of exploration and exploitation they perform ; one is designed to produce convergence controlled mutation and the other exhibits a quasi - constant mutation rate . we illustrate the ←
→ scalable relaxations of sparse packing constraints : optimal biocontrol in predator - prey network ; cascades represent rapid changes in networks . a cascading phenomenon of ecological and economic impact is the spread of invasive species in geographic landscapes . the most promising management strategy is often biocontrol , which entails introducing a natural predator able to control the invading population , a setting that can be treated as two interacting cascades of predator and prey populations . we formulat ←
→ what ' s cookin '? interpreting cooking videos using text , speech and vision ; we present a novel method for aligning a sequence of instructions to a video of someone carrying out a task . in particular , we focus on the cooking domain , where the instructions correspond to the recipe . our technique relies on an hmm to align the recipe steps to the ( automatically generated ) speech transcript . we then refine this alignment using a state - of - the - art visual food detector , based on a deep convolutional neural networ ←
→ robust fitting in computer vision : easy or hard ? ; robust model fitting plays a vital role in computer vision , and research into algorithms for robust fitting continues to be active . arguably the most popular paradigm for robust fitting in computer vision is consensus maximisation , which strives to find the model parameters that maximise the number of inliers . despite the significant developments in algorithms for consensus maximisation , there has been a lack of fundamental analysis of the problem in the co ←
→ mixture - of - parents maximum entropy markov models ; we present the mixture - of - parents maximum entropy markov model ( mop - memm ), a class of directed graphical models extending memms . the mop - memm allows tractable incorporation of long - range dependencies between nodes by restricting the conditional distribution of each node to be a mixture of distributions given the parents . we show how to efficiently compute the exact marginal posterior node distributions , regardless of the range of the dependencies . this enab ←
→ binary - decomposed dcnn for accelerating computation and compressing model without retraining ; recent trends show recognition accuracy increasing even more profoundly . inference process of deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnn ) has a large number of parameters , requires a large amount of computation , and can be very slow . the large number of parameters also require large amounts of memory . this is resulting in increasingly long computation times and large model sizes . to implement mobile and other low ←
→ wavelet based normal and abnormal heart sound identification using spectrogram analysis ; the present work proposes a computer - aided normal and abnormal heart sound identification based on discrete wavelet transform ( dwt ), it being useful for tele - diagnosis of heart diseases . due to the presence of cumulative frequency components in the spectrogram , dwt is applied on the spectro - gram up to n level to extract the features from the individual approximation components . one dimensional feature vector is obtai ←
→ good and safe uses of ai oracles ; an oracle is a design for potentially high power artificial intelligences ( ais ), where the ai is made safe by restricting it to only answer questions . unfortunately most designs cause the oracle to be motivated to manipulate humans with the contents of their answers , and oracles of potentially high intelligence might be very successful at this . solving that problem , without compromising the accuracy of the answer , is tricky . this paper reduces the issue to a cryptographic -←
→ perceptually optimized image rendering ; we develop a framework for rendering photographic images , taking into account display limitations , so as to optimize perceptual similarity between the rendered image and the original scene . we formulate this as a constrained optimization problem , in which we minimize a measure of perceptual dissimilarity , the normalized laplacian pyramid distance ( nlpd ), which mimics the early stage transformations of the human visual system . when rendering images acquired with highe ←
→ from ordinary differential equations to structural causal models : the deterministic case ; we show how , and under which conditions , the equilibrium states of a first - order ordinary differential equation ( ode ) system can be described with a deterministic structural causal model ( scm ). our exposition sheds more light on the concept of causality as expressed within the framework of structural causal models , especially for cyclic models .←
→ robustness and generalization for metric learning ; metric learning has attracted a lot of interest over the last decade , but the generalization ability of such methods has not been thoroughly studied . in this paper , we introduce an adaptation of the notion of algorithmic robustness ( previously introduced by xu and mannor ) that can be used to derive generalization bounds for metric learning . we further show that a weak notion of robustness is in fact a necessary and sufficient condition for a metric learnin ←
→ deconstructing analogy ; analogy has been shown to be important in many key cognitive abilities , including learning , problem solving , creativity and language change . for cognitive models of analogy , the fundamental computational question is how its inherent complexity ( its np - hardness ) is solved by the human cognitive system . indeed , different models of analogical processing can be categorized by the simplification strategies they adopt to make this computational problem more tractable . in this paper , i dec ←
→ a unified framework for long range and cold start forecasting of seasonal profiles in time series ; providing long - range forecasts is a fundamental challenge in time series modeling , which is only compounded by the challenge of having to form such forecasts when a time series has never previously been observed . the latter challenge is the time series version of the cold - start problem seen in recommender systems which , to our knowledge , has not been directly addressed in previous work . in addition , modern ←
→ fast segmentation of left ventricle in ct images by explicit shape regression using random pixel difference features ; recently , machine learning has been successfully applied to model - based left ventricle ( lv ) segmentation . the general framework involves two stages , which starts with lv localization and is followed by boundary delineation . both are driven by supervised learning techniques . when compared to previous non - learning - based methods , several advantages have been shown , including full automation ←
→ assessing the linguistic productivity of unsupervised deep neural networks ; increasingly , cognitive scientists have demonstrated interest in applying tools from deep learning . one use for deep learning is in language acquisition where it is useful to know if a linguistic phenomenon can be learned through domain - general means . to assess whether unsupervised deep learning is appropriate , we first pose a smaller question : can unsupervised neural networks apply linguistic rules productively , using them in no ←
→ unsupervised semantic parsing of video collections ; human communication typically has an underlying structure . this is reflected in the fact that in many user generated videos , a starting point , ending , and certain objective steps between these two can be identified . in this paper , we propose a method for parsing a video into such semantic steps in an unsupervised way . the proposed method is capable of providing a semantic " storyline " of the video composed of its objective steps . we accomplish this using b ←
→ novel and automatic parking inventory system based on pattern recognition and directional chain code ; the objective of this paper is to design an efficient vehicle license plate recognition system and to implement it for automatic parking inventory system . the system detects the vehicle first and then captures the image of the front view of the vehicle . vehicle license plate is localized and characters are segmented . for finding the place of plate , a novel and real time method is expressed . a new and rob ←
→ stochastic wasserstein barycenters ; we present a stochastic algorithm to compute the barycenter of a set of probability distributions under the wasserstein metric from optimal transport . unlike previous approaches , our method extends to continuous input distributions and allows the support of the barycenter to be adjusted in each iteration . we tackle the problem without regularization , allowing us to recover a sharp output whose support is contained within the support of the true barycenter . we give exampl ←
→ artificial neural network and rough set for hv bushings condition monitoring ; most transformer failures are attributed to bushings failures . hence it is necessary to monitor the condition of bushings . in this paper three methods are developed to monitor the condition of oil filled bushing . multi - layer perceptron ( mlp ), radial basis function ( rbf ) and rough set ( rs ) models are developed and combined through majority voting to form a committee . the mlp performs better that the rbf and the rs is terms of cl ←
→ word network topic model : a simple but general solution for short and imbalanced texts ; the short text has been the prevalent format for information of internet in recent decades , especially with the development of online social media , whose millions of users generate a vast number of short messages everyday . although sophisticated signals delivered by the short text make it a promising source for topic modeling , its extreme sparsity and imbalance brings unprecedented challenges to conventional topic mod ←
→ metric learning for generalizing spatial relations to new objects ; human - centered environments are rich with a wide variety of spatial relations between everyday objects . for autonomous robots to operate effectively in such environments , they should be able to reason about these relations and generalize them to objects with different shapes and sizes . for example , having learned to place a toy inside a basket , a robot should be able to generalize this concept using a spoon and a cup . this requires a robot ←
→ the fractal dimension of sat formulas ; modern sat solvers have experienced a remarkable progress on solving industrial instances . most of the techniques have been developed after an intensive experimental testing process . recently , there have been some attempts to analyze the structure of these formulas in terms of complex networks , with the long - term aim of explaining the success of these sat solving techniques , and possibly improving them . we study the fractal dimension of sat formulas , and show that m ←
→ weighted linear discriminant analysis based on class saliency information ; in this paper , we propose a new variant of linear discriminant analysis to overcome underlying drawbacks of traditional lda and other lda variants targeting problems involving imbalanced classes . traditional lda sets assumptions related to gaussian class distribution and neglects influence of outlier classes , that might hurt in performance . we exploit intuitions coming from a probabilistic interpretation of visual saliency estimat ←
→ tensor - based classifiers for hyperspectral data analysis ; in this work , we present tensor - based linear and nonlinear models for hyperspectral data classification and analysis . by exploiting principles of tensor algebra , we introduce new classification architectures , the weight parameters of which satisfies the {\ it rank }- 1 canonical decomposition property . then , we introduce learning algorithms to train both the linear and the non - linear classifier in a way to i ) to minimize the error over the training sam ←
→ encoding petri nets in answer set programming for simulation based reasoning ; one of our long term research goals is to develop systems to answer realistic questions ( e . g ., some mentioned in textbooks ) about biological pathways that a biologist may ask . to answer such questions we need formalisms that can model pathways , simulate their execution , model intervention to those pathways , and compare simulations under different circumstances . we found petri nets to be the starting point of a suitable formalis ←
→ cats and captions vs . creators and the clock : comparing multimodal content to context in predicting relative popularity ; the content of today ' s social media is becoming more and more rich , increasingly mixing text , images , videos , and audio . it is an intriguing research question to model the interplay between these different modes in attracting user attention and engagement . but in order to pursue this study of multimodal content , we must also account for context : timing effects , community preferences , a ←
→ technical note : bias and the quantification of stability ; research on bias in machine learning algorithms has generally been concerned with the impact of bias on predictive accuracy . we believe that there are other factors that should also play a role in the evaluation of bias . one such factor is the stability of the algorithm ; in other words , the repeatability of the results . if we obtain two sets of data from the same phenomenon , with the same underlying probability distribution , then we would like our l ←
→ probabilistic adaptive computation time ; we present a probabilistic model with discrete latent variables that control the computation time in deep learning models such as resnets and lstms . a prior on the latent variables expresses the preference for faster computation . the amount of computation for an input is determined via amortized maximum a posteriori ( map ) inference . map inference is performed using a novel stochastic variational optimization method . the recently proposed adaptive computation time me ←
→ beliefs and probability in bacchus ' l . p . logic : a ~ 3 - valued logic solution to apparent counter - intuition ; fundamental discrepancy between first order logic and statistical inference ( global versus local properties of universe ) is shown to be the obstacle for integration of logic and probability in l . p . logic of bacchus . to overcome the counterintuitiveness of l . p . behaviour , a 3 - valued logic is proposed .←
→ greedy deep dictionary learning ; in this work we propose a new deep learning tool called deep dictionary learning . multi - level dictionaries are learnt in a greedy fashion , one layer at a time . this requires solving a simple ( shallow ) dictionary learning problem , the solution to this is well known . we apply the proposed technique on some benchmark deep learning datasets . we compare our results with other deep learning tools like stacked autoencoder and deep belief network ; and state of the art supervised di ←
→ da - rnn : semantic mapping with data associated recurrent neural networks ; 3d scene understanding is important for robots to interact with the 3d world in a meaningful way . most previous works on 3d scene understanding focus on recognizing geometrical or semantic properties of the scene independently . in this work , we introduce data associated recurrent neural networks ( da - rnns ), a novel framework for joint 3d scene mapping and semantic labeling . da - rnns use a new recurrent neural network architecture for se ←
→ multi - robot cooperative box - pushing problem using multi - objective particle swarm optimization technique ; the present work provides a new approach to solve the well - known multi - robot co - operative box pushing problem as a multi objective optimization problem using modified multi - objective particle swarm optimization . the method proposed here allows both turning and translation of the box , during shift to a desired goal position . we have employed local planning scheme to determine the magnitude of the force ←
→ discrete autoencoders for sequence models ; recurrent models for sequences have been recently successful at many tasks , especially for language modeling and machine translation . nevertheless , it remains challenging to extract good representations from these models . for instance , even though language has a clear hierarchical structure going from characters through words to sentences , it is not apparent in current language models . we propose to improve the representation in sequence models by augmenting curre ←
→ effective approaches to batch parallelization for dynamic neural network architectures ; we present a simple dynamic batching approach applicable to a large class of dynamic architectures that consistently yields speedups of over 10x . we provide performance bounds when the architecture is not known a priori and a stronger bound in the special case where the architecture is a predetermined balanced tree . we evaluate our approach on johnson et al .' s recent visual question answering ( vqa ) result of his clevr ←
→ learning theory for distribution regression ; we focus on the distribution regression problem : regressing to vector - valued outputs from probability measures . many important machine learning and statistical tasks fit into this framework , including multi - instance learning and point estimation problems without analytical solution ( such as hyperparameter or entropy estimation ). despite the large number of available heuristics in the literature , the inherent two - stage sampled nature of the problem makes the theo ←
→ gaussian processes for nonlinear signal processing ; gaussian processes ( gps ) are versatile tools that have been successfully employed to solve nonlinear estimation problems in machine learning , but that are rarely used in signal processing . in this tutorial , we present gps for regression as a natural nonlinear extension to optimal wiener filtering . after establishing their basic formulation , we discuss several important aspects and extensions , including recursive and adaptive algorithms for dealing with no ←
→ automatic real - time background cut for portrait videos ; we in this paper solve the problem of high - quality automatic real - time background cut for 720p portrait videos . we first handle the background ambiguity issue in semantic segmentation by proposing a global background attenuation model . a spatial - temporal refinement network is developed to further refine the segmentation errors in each frame and ensure temporal coherence in the segmentation map . we form an end - to - end network for training and testing . e ←
→ unsupervised segmentation of action segments in egocentric videos using gaze ; unsupervised segmentation of action segments in egocentric videos is a desirable feature in tasks such as activity recognition and content - based video retrieval . reducing the search space into a finite set of action segments facilitates a faster and less noisy matching . however , there exist a substantial gap in machine understanding of natural temporal cuts during a continuous human activity . this work reports on a novel gaze - b ←
→ recasting gradient - based meta - learning as hierarchical bayes ; meta - learning allows an intelligent agent to leverage prior learning episodes as a basis for quickly improving performance on a novel task . bayesian hierarchical modeling provides a theoretical framework for formalizing meta - learning as inference for a set of parameters that are shared across tasks . here , we reformulate the model - agnostic meta - learning algorithm ( maml ) of finn et al . ( 2017 ) as a method for probabilistic inference in a hierarchic ←
→ a geometry of information , i : nerves , posets and differential forms ; the main theme of this workshop ( dagstuhl seminar 04351 ) is ` spatial representation : continuous vs . discrete '. spatial representation has two contrasting but interacting aspects ( i ) representation of spaces ' and ( ii ) representation by spaces . in this paper , we will examine two aspects that are common to both interpretations of the theme , namely nerve constructions and refinement . representations change , data changes , spaces change . we wil ←
→ speech - coco : 600k visually grounded spoken captions aligned to mscoco data set ; this paper presents an augmentation of mscoco dataset where speech is added to image and text . speech captions are generated using text - to - speech ( tts ) synthesis resulting in 616 , 767 spoken captions ( more than 600h ) paired with images . disfluencies and speed perturbation are added to the signal in order to sound more natural . each speech signal ( wav ) is paired with a json file containing exact timecode for each word / syllable /←
→ share your model instead of your data : privacy preserving mimic learning for ranking ; deep neural networks have become a primary tool for solving problems in many fields . they are also used for addressing information retrieval problems and show strong performance in several tasks . training these models requires large , representative datasets and for most ir tasks , such data contains sensitive information from users . privacy and confidentiality concerns prevent many data owners from sharing the data , thus ←
→ approximating the volume of unions and intersections of high - dimensional geometric objects ; we consider the computation of the volume of the union of high - dimensional geometric objects . while showing that this problem is # p - hard already for very simple bodies ( i . e ., axis - parallel boxes ), we give a fast fpras for all objects where one can : ( 1 ) test whether a given point lies inside the object , ( 2 ) sample a point uniformly , ( 3 ) calculate the volume of the object in polynomial time . all three oracles can be ←
→ predicting the likely behaviors of continuous nonlinear systems in equilibrium ; this paper introduces a method for predicting the likely behaviors of continuous nonlinear systems in equilibrium in which the input values can vary . the method uses a parameterized equation model and a lower bound on the input joint density to bound the likelihood that some behavior will occur , such as a state variable being inside a given numeric range . using a bound on the density instead of the density itself is desirable ←
→ budget - optimal task allocation for reliable crowdsourcing systems ; crowdsourcing systems , in which numerous tasks are electronically distributed to numerous " information piece - workers ", have emerged as an effective paradigm for human - powered solving of large scale problems in domains such as image classification , data entry , optical character recognition , recommendation , and proofreading . because these low - paid workers can be unreliable , nearly all such systems must devise schemes to increase confidence in ←
→ a multilingual semantic wiki based on attempto controlled english and grammatical framework ; we describe a semantic wiki system with an underlying controlled natural language grammar implemented in grammatical framework ( gf ). the grammar restricts the wiki content to a well - defined subset of attempto controlled english ( ace ), and facilitates a precise bidirectional automatic translation between ace and language fragments of a number of other natural languages , making the wiki content accessible multiling ←
→ simulation of genetic algorithm : traffic light efficiency ; traffic is a problem in many urban areas worldwide . traffic flow is dictated by certain devices such as traffic lights . the traffic lights signal when each lane is able to pass through the intersection . often , static schedules interfere with ideal traffic flow . the purpose of this project was to find a way to make intersections controlled with traffic lights more efficient . this goal was accomplished through the creation of a genetic algorithm , whi ←
→ improved texture networks : maximizing quality and diversity in feed - forward stylization and texture synthesis ; the recent work of gatys et al ., who characterized the style of an image by the statistics of convolutional neural network filters , ignited a renewed interest in the texture generation and image stylization problems . while their image generation technique uses a slow optimization process , recently several authors have proposed to learn generator neural networks that can produce similar outputs i ←
→ bounds on the number of measurements for reliable compressive classification ; this paper studies the classification of high - dimensional gaussian signals from low - dimensional noisy , linear measurements . in particular , it provides upper bounds ( sufficient conditions ) on the number of measurements required to drive the probability of misclassification to zero in the low - noise regime , both for random measurements and designed ones . such bounds reveal two important operational regimes that are a function of t ←
→ image segmentation by adaptive distance based on em algorithm ; this paper introduces a bayesian image segmentation algorithm based on finite mixtures . an em algorithm is developed to estimate parameters of the gaussian mixtures . the finite mixture is a flexible and powerful probabilistic modeling tool . it can be used to provide a model - based clustering in the field of pattern recognition . however , the application of finite mixtures to image segmentation presents some difficulties ; especially it ' s sensible ←
→ constraint - based qualitative simulation ; we consider qualitative simulation involving a finite set of qualitative relations in presence of complete knowledge about their interrelationship . we show how it can be naturally captured by means of constraints expressed in temporal logic and constraint satisfaction problems . the constraints relate at each stage the ' past ' of a simulation with its ' future '. the benefit of this approach is that it readily leads to an implementation based on constraint technology th ←
→ node - based learning of multiple gaussian graphical models ; we consider the problem of estimating high - dimensional gaussian graphical models corresponding to a single set of variables under several distinct conditions . this problem is motivated by the task of recovering transcriptional regulatory networks on the basis of gene expression data { containing heterogeneous samples , such as different disease states , multiple species , or different developmental stages }. we assume that most aspects of the conditiona ←
→ how important are deformable parts in the deformable parts model ? ; the main stated contribution of the deformable parts model ( dpm ) detector of felzenszwalb et al . ( over the histogram - of - oriented - gradients approach of dalal and triggs ) is the use of deformable parts . a secondary contribution is the latent discriminative learning . tertiary is the use of multiple components . a common belief in the vision community ( including ours , before this study ) is that their ordering of contributions reflects the perfor ←
→ personalized machine translation : preserving original author traits ; the language that we produce reflects our personality , and various personal and demographic characteristics can be detected in natural language texts . we focus on one particular personal trait of the author , gender , and study how it is manifested in original texts and in translations . we show that author ' s gender has a powerful , clear signal in originals texts , but this signal is obfuscated in human and machine translation . we then propos ←
→ towards accurate multi - person pose estimation in the wild ; we propose a method for multi - person detection and 2 - d pose estimation that achieves state - of - art results on the challenging coco keypoints task . it is a simple , yet powerful , top - down approach consisting of two stages . in the first stage , we predict the location and scale of boxes which are likely to contain people ; for this we use the faster rcnn detector . in the second stage , we estimate the keypoints of the person potentially contained in eac ←
→ stochastic divergence minimization for biterm topic model ; as the emergence and the thriving development of social networks , a huge number of short texts are accumulated and need to be processed . inferring latent topics of collected short texts is useful for understanding its hidden structure and predicting new contents . unlike conventional topic models such as latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ), a biterm topic model ( btm ) was recently proposed for short texts to overcome the sparseness of document - level wo ←
→ hypothesize and bound : a computational focus of attention mechanism for simultaneous n - d segmentation , pose estimation and classification using shape priors ; given the ever increasing bandwidth of the visual information available to many intelligent systems , it is becoming essential to endow them with a sense of what is worthwhile their attention and what can be safely disregarded . this article presents a general mathematical framework to efficiently allocate the available computational resources to pr ←
→ neural machine translation with characters and hierarchical encoding ; most existing neural machine translation models use groups of characters or whole words as their unit of input and output . we propose a model with a hierarchical char2word encoder , that takes individual characters both as input and output . we first argue that this hierarchical representation of the character encoder reduces computational complexity , and show that it improves translation performance . secondly , by qualitatively studying at ←
→ t - skirt : online estimation of student proficiency in an adaptive learning system ; we develop t - skirt : a temporal , structured - knowledge , irt - based method for predicting student responses online . by explicitly accounting for student learning and employing a structured , multidimensional representation of student proficiencies , the model outperforms standard irt - based methods on an online response prediction task when applied to real responses collected from students interacting with diverse pools of educati ←
→ understanding and improving multi - sense word embeddings via extended robust principal component analysis ; unsupervised learned representations of polysemous words generate a large of pseudo multi senses since unsupervised methods are overly sensitive to contextual variations . in this paper , we address the pseudo multi - sense detection for word embeddings by dimensionality reduction of sense pairs . we propose a novel principal analysis method , termed ex - rpca , designed to detect both pseudo multi senses and ←
→ a description logic primer ; this paper provides a self - contained first introduction to description logics ( dls ). the main concepts and features are explained with examples before syntax and semantics of the dl sroiq are defined in detail . additional sections review light - weight dl languages , discuss the relationship to the web ontology language owl and give pointers to further reading .←
→ 6 - dof object pose from semantic keypoints ; this paper presents a novel approach to estimating the continuous six degree of freedom ( 6 - dof ) pose ( 3d translation and rotation ) of an object from a single rgb image . the approach combines semantic keypoints predicted by a convolutional network ( convnet ) with a deformable shape model . unlike prior work , we are agnostic to whether the object is textured or textureless , as the convnet learns the optimal representation from the available training image data . furthe ←
→ end - to - end offline goal - oriented dialog policy learning via policy gradient ; learning a goal - oriented dialog policy is generally performed offline with supervised learning algorithms or online with reinforcement learning ( rl ). additionally , as companies accumulate massive quantities of dialog transcripts between customers and trained human agents , encoder - decoder methods have gained popularity as agent utterances can be directly treated as supervision without the need for utterance - level annotations . how ←
→ a dual - source approach for 3d human pose estimation from a single image ; in this work we address the challenging problem of 3d human pose estimation from single images . recent approaches learn deep neural networks to regress 3d pose directly from images . one major challenge for such methods , however , is the collection of training data . specifically , collecting large amounts of training data containing unconstrained images annotated with accurate 3d poses is infeasible . we therefore propose to use two indep ←
→ auxiliary deep generative models ; deep generative models parameterized by neural networks have recently achieved state - of - the - art performance in unsupervised and semi - supervised learning . we extend deep generative models with auxiliary variables which improves the variational approximation . the auxiliary variables leave the generative model unchanged but make the variational distribution more expressive . inspired by the structure of the auxiliary variable we also propose a model with two stochastic layers ←
→ from pixels to torques : policy learning with deep dynamical models ; data - efficient learning in continuous state - action spaces using very high - dimensional observations remains a key challenge in developing fully autonomous systems . in this paper , we consider one instance of this challenge , the pixels to torques problem , where an agent must learn a closed - loop control policy from pixel information only . we introduce a data - efficient , model - based reinforcement learning algorithm that learns such a closed - loop ←
→ learning theory of distributed regression with bias corrected regularization kernel network ; distributed learning is an effective way to analyze big data . in distributed regression , a typical approach is to divide the big data into multiple blocks , apply a base regression algorithm on each of them , and then simply average the output functions learnt from these blocks . since the average process will decrease the variance , not the bias , bias correction is expected to improve the learning performance if the ←
→ weakly supervised multi - embeddings learning of acoustic models ; we trained a siamese network with multi - task same / different information on a speech dataset , and found that it was possible to share a network for both tasks without a loss in performance . the first task was to discriminate between two same or different words , and the second was to discriminate between two same or different talkers .←
→ can the whole brain be simpler than its " parts "? ; this is the first in a series of connected papers discussing the problem of a dynamically reconfigurable universal learning neurocomputer that could serve as a computational model for the whole human brain . the whole series is entitled " the brain zero project . my brain as a dynamically reconfigurable universal learning neurocomputer ." ( for more information visit the website www . brain0 . com .) this introductory paper is concerned with general methodology . its ←
→ rnn fisher vectors for action recognition and image annotation ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) have had considerable success in classifying and predicting sequences . we demonstrate that rnns can be effectively used in order to encode sequences and provide effective representations . the methodology we use is based on fisher vectors , where the rnns are the generative probabilistic models and the partial derivatives are computed using backpropagation . state of the art results are obtained in two central but ←
→ analysis of cause - effect inference via regression errors ; we address the problem of inferring the causal relation between two variables by comparing the least - squares errors of the predictions in both possible causal directions . under the assumption of an independence between the function relating cause and effect , the conditional noise distribution , and the distribution of the cause , we show that the errors are smaller in causal direction if both variables are equally scaled and the causal relation is clo ←
→ learning long term dependencies via fourier recurrent units ; it is a known fact that training recurrent neural networks for tasks that have long term dependencies is challenging . one of the main reasons is the vanishing or exploding gradient problem , which prevents gradient information from propagating to early layers . in this paper we propose a simple recurrent architecture , the fourier recurrent unit ( fru ), that stabilizes the gradients that arise in its training while giving us stronger expressive power ←
→ real - time and continuous hand gesture spotting : an approach based on artificial neural networks ; new and more natural human - robot interfaces are of crucial interest to the evolution of robotics . this paper addresses continuous and real - time hand gesture spotting , i . e ., gesture segmentation plus gesture recognition . gesture patterns are recognized by using artificial neural networks ( anns ) specifically adapted to the process of controlling an industrial robot . since in continuous gesture recognition the c ←
→ greedy compositional clustering for unsupervised learning of hierarchical compositional models ; this paper proposes to integrate a feature pursuit learning process into a greedy bottom - up learning scheme . the algorithm combines the benefits of bottom - up and top - down approaches for learning hierarchical models : it allows to induce the hierarchical structure of objects in an unsupervised manner , while avoiding a hard decision on the activation of parts . we follow the principle of compositionality by assemb ←
→ importance weighted active learning ; we present a practical and statistically consistent scheme for actively learning binary classifiers under general loss functions . our algorithm uses importance weighting to correct sampling bias , and by controlling the variance , we are able to give rigorous label complexity bounds for the learning process . experiments on passively labeled data show that this approach reduces the label complexity required to achieve good predictive performance on many learning problems .←
→ x - view : graph - based semantic multi - view localization ; global registration of multi - view robot data is a challenging task . appearance - based global localization approaches often fail under drastic view - point changes , as representations have limited view - point invariance . this work is based on the idea that human - made environments contain rich semantics which can be used to disambiguate global localization . here , we present x - view , a multi - view semantic global localization system . x - view leverages semantic gr ←
→ improved asymmetric locality sensitive hashing ( alsh ) for maximum inner product search ( mips ) ; recently it was shown that the problem of maximum inner product search ( mips ) is efficient and it admits provably sub - linear hashing algorithms . asymmetric transformations before hashing were the key in solving mips which was otherwise hard . in the prior work , the authors use asymmetric transformations which convert the problem of approximate mips into the problem of approximate near neighbor search which can b ←
→ clustercluster : parallel markov chain monte carlo for dirichlet process mixtures ; the dirichlet process ( dp ) is a fundamental mathematical tool for bayesian nonparametric modeling , and is widely used in tasks such as density estimation , natural language processing , and time series modeling . although mcmc inference methods for the dp often provide a gold standard in terms asymptotic accuracy , they can be computationally expensive and are not obviously parallelizable . we propose a reparameterization of the ←
→ brenier approach for optimal transportation between a quasi - discrete measure and a discrete measure ; correctly estimating the discrepancy between two data distributions has always been an important task in machine learning . recently , cuturi proposed the sinkhorn distance which makes use of an approximate optimal transport cost between two distributions as a distance to describe distribution discrepancy . although it has been successfully adopted in various machine learning applications ( e . g . in natural la ←
→ high - dimensional structure estimation in ising models : local separation criterion ; we consider the problem of high - dimensional ising ( graphical ) model selection . we propose a simple algorithm for structure estimation based on the thresholding of the empirical conditional variation distances . we introduce a novel criterion for tractable graph families , where this method is efficient , based on the presence of sparse local separators between node pairs in the underlying graph . for such graphs , the proposed ←
→ self - guiding multimodal lstm - when we do not have a perfect training dataset for image captioning ; in this paper , a self - guiding multimodal lstm ( sg - lstm ) image captioning model is proposed to handle uncontrolled imbalanced real - world image - sentence dataset . we collect flickrnyc dataset from flickr as our testbed with 306 , 165 images and the original text descriptions uploaded by the users are utilized as the ground truth for training . descriptions in flickrnyc dataset vary dramatically ranging from shor ←
→ fidelity - weighted learning ; training deep neural networks requires many training samples , but in practice training labels are expensive to obtain and may be of varying quality , as some may be from trusted expert labelers while others might be from heuristics or other sources of weak supervision such as crowd - sourcing . this creates a fundamental quality versus - quantity trade - off in the learning process . do we learn from the small amount of high - quality data or the potentially large amount of weakly - labeled ←
→ distance - based confidence score for neural network classifiers ; the reliable measurement of confidence in classifiers ' predictions is very important for many applications and is , therefore , an important part of classifier design . yet , although deep learning has received tremendous attention in recent years , not much progress has been made in quantifying the prediction confidence of neural network classifiers . bayesian models offer a mathematically grounded framework to reason about model uncertainty , but u ←
→ numerical integration and dynamic discretization in heuristic search planning over hybrid domains ; in this paper we look into the problem of planning over hybrid domains , where change can be both discrete and instantaneous , or continuous over time . in addition , it is required that each state on the trajectory induced by the execution of plans complies with a given set of global constraints . we approach the computation of plans for such domains as the problem of searching over a deterministic state model .←
→ fast , scalable phrase - based smt decoding ; the utilization of statistical machine translation ( smt ) has grown enormously over the last decade , many using open - source software developed by the nlp community . as commercial use has increased , there is need for software that is optimized for commercial requirements , in particular , fast phrase - based decoding and more efficient utilization of modern multicore servers . in this paper we re - examine the major components of phrase - based decoding and decoder implemen ←
→ motion primitives for robotic flight control ; we introduce a simple framework for learning aggressive maneuvers in flight control of uavs . having inspired from biological environment , dynamic movement primitives are analyzed and extended using nonlinear contraction theory . accordingly , primitives of an observed movement are stably combined and concatenated . we demonstrate our results experimentally on the quanser helicopter , in which we first imitate aggressive maneuvers and then use them as primitives to ←
→ expectation propagation on the maximum of correlated normal variables ; many inference problems involving questions of optimality ask for the maximum or the minimum of a finite set of unknown quantities . this technical report derives the first two posterior moments of the maximum of two correlated gaussian variables and the first two posterior moments of the two generating variables ( corresponding to gaussian approximations minimizing relative entropy ). it is shown how this can be used to build a heuristic ←
→ colors in context : a pragmatic neural model for grounded language understanding ; we present a model of pragmatic referring expression interpretation in a grounded communication task ( identifying colors from descriptions ) that draws upon predictions from two recurrent neural network classifiers , a speaker and a listener , unified by a recursive pragmatic reasoning framework . experiments show that this combined pragmatic model interprets color descriptions more accurately than the classifiers from which it ←
→ the trace norm constrained matrix - variate gaussian process for multitask bipartite ranking ; we propose a novel hierarchical model for multitask bipartite ranking . the proposed approach combines a matrix - variate gaussian process with a generative model for task - wise bipartite ranking . in addition , we employ a novel trace constrained variational inference approach to impose low rank structure on the posterior matrix - variate gaussian process . the resulting posterior covariance function is derived in closed ←
→ forward - backward greedy algorithms for general convex smooth functions over a cardinality constraint ; we consider forward - backward greedy algorithms for solving sparse feature selection problems with general convex smooth functions . a state - of - the - art greedy method , the forward - backward greedy algorithm ( foba - obj ) requires to solve a large number of optimization problems , thus it is not scalable for large - size problems . the foba - gdt algorithm , which uses the gradient information for feature selection at ←
→ deep learning enhanced mobile - phone microscopy ; mobile - phones have facilitated the creation of field - portable , cost - effective imaging and sensing technologies that approach laboratory - grade instrument performance . however , the optical imaging interfaces of mobile - phones are not designed for microscopy and produce spatial and spectral distortions in imaging microscopic specimens . here , we report on the use of deep learning to correct such distortions introduced by mobile - phone - based microscopes , facilitatin ←
→ getting reliable annotations for sarcasm in online dialogues ; the language used in online forums differs in many ways from that of traditional language resources such as news . one difference is the use and frequency of nonliteral , subjective dialogue acts such as sarcasm . whether the aim is to develop a theory of sarcasm in dialogue , or engineer automatic methods for reliably detecting sarcasm , a major challenge is simply the difficulty of getting enough reliably labelled examples . in this paper we describ ←
→ mean - variance optimization in markov decision processes ; we consider finite horizon markov decision processes under performance measures that involve both the mean and the variance of the cumulative reward . we show that either randomized or history - based policies can improve performance . we prove that the complexity of computing a policy that maximizes the mean reward under a variance constraint is np - hard for some cases , and strongly np - hard for others . we finally offer pseudopolynomial exact and approxim ←
→ judging a book by its cover ; book covers communicate information to potential readers , but can that same information be learned by computers ? we propose using a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to predict the genre of a book based on the visual clues provided by its cover . the purpose of this research is to investigate whether relationships between books and their covers can be learned . however , determining the genre of a book is a difficult task because covers can be ambiguous and genres can be ove ←
→ evolution and computational learning theory : a survey on valiant ' s paper ; darwin ' s theory of evolution is considered to be one of the greatest scientific gems in modern science . it not only gives us a description of how living things evolve , but also shows how a population evolves through time and also , why only the fittest individuals continue the generation forward . the paper basically gives a high level analysis of the works of valiant [ 1 ]. though , we know the mechanisms of evolution , but it seems that t ←
→ sequence - to - point learning with neural networks for nonintrusive load monitoring ; energy disaggregation ( a . k . a nonintrusive load monitoring , nilm ), a single - channel blind source separation problem , aims to decompose the mains which records the whole house electricity consumption into appliance - wise readings . this problem is difficult because it is inherently unidentifiable . recent approaches have shown that the identifiability problem could be reduced by introducing domain knowledge into the model . deep ←
→ privacy prediction of images shared on social media sites using deep features ; online image sharing in social media sites such as facebook , flickr , and instagram can lead to unwanted disclosure and privacy violations , when privacy settings are used inappropriately . with the exponential increase in the number of images that are shared online every day , the development of effective and efficient prediction methods for image privacy settings are highly needed . the performance of models critically depends on ←
→ automatic recognition of child speech for robotic applications in noisy environments ; automatic speech recognition ( asr ) allows a natural and intuitive interface for robotic educational applications for children . however there are a number of challenges to overcome to allow such an interface to operate robustly in realistic settings , including the intrinsic difficulties of recognising child speech and high levels of background noise often present in classrooms . as part of the eu easel project we have pro ←
→ inverse reinforce learning with nonparametric behavior clustering ; inverse reinforcement learning ( irl ) is the task of learning a single reward function given a markov decision process ( mdp ) without defining the reward function , and a set of demonstrations generated by humans / experts . however , in practice , it may be unreasonable to assume that human behaviors can be explained by one reward function since they may be inherently inconsistent . also , demonstrations may be collected from various users and aggre ←
→ deep neural networks learn non - smooth functions effectively ; we theoretically discuss why deep neural networks ( dnns ) performs better than other models in some cases by investigating statistical properties of dnns for non - smooth functions . while dnns have empirically shown higher performance than other standard methods , understanding its mechanism is still a challenging problem . from an aspect of the statistical theory , it is known many standard methods attain optimal convergence rates , and thus it has bee ←
→ automatic transcription of 17th century english text in contemporary english with nooj : method and evaluation ; since 2006 we have undertaken to describe the differences between 17th century english and contemporary english thanks to nlp software . studying a corpus spanning the whole century ( tales of english travellers in the ottoman empire in the 17th century , mary astell ' s essay a serious proposal to the ladies and other literary texts ) has enabled us to highlight various lexical , morphological or gram ←
→ supervised learning in spiking neural networks for precise temporal encoding ; precise spike timing as a means to encode information in neural networks is biologically supported , and is advantageous over frequency - based codes by processing input features on a much shorter time - scale . for these reasons , much recent attention has been focused on the development of supervised learning rules for spiking neural networks that utilise a temporal coding scheme . however , despite significant progress in this area , ←
→ a characterization of the non - uniqueness of nonnegative matrix factorizations ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) is a popular dimension reduction technique that produces interpretable decomposition of the data into parts . however , this decompostion is not generally identifiable ( even up to permutation and scaling ). while other studies have provide criteria under which nmf is identifiable , we present the first ( to our knowledge ) characterization of the non - identifiability of nmf . we describe exactly ←
→ semantic linking - a context - based approach to interactivity in hypermedia ; the semantic web initiates new , high level access schemes to online content and applications . one area of superior need for a redefined content exploration is given by on - line educational applications and their concepts of interactivity in the framework of open hypermedia systems . in the present paper we discuss aspects and opportunities of gaining interactivity schemes from semantic notions of components . a transition from stand ←
→ local decorrelation for improved detection ; even with the advent of more sophisticated , data - hungry methods , boosted decision trees remain extraordinarily successful for fast rigid object detection , achieving top accuracy on numerous datasets . while effective , most boosted detectors use decision trees with orthogonal ( single feature ) splits , and the topology of the resulting decision boundary may not be well matched to the natural topology of the data . given highly correlated data , decision trees with obli ←
→ a sequent calculus and a theorem prover for standard conditional logics ; in this paper we present a cut - free sequent calculus , called seqs , for some standard conditional logics , namely ck , ck + id , ck + mp and ck + mp + id . the calculus uses labels and transition formulas and can be used to prove decidability and space complexity bounds for the respective logics . we also present condlean , a theorem prover for these logics implementing seqs calculi written in sicstus prolog .←
→ one billion word benchmark for measuring progress in statistical language modeling ; we propose a new benchmark corpus to be used for measuring progress in statistical language modeling . with almost one billion words of training data , we hope this benchmark will be useful to quickly evaluate novel language modeling techniques , and to compare their contribution when combined with other advanced techniques . we show performance of several well - known types of language models , with the best results achieved wi ←
→ recurrent autoregressive networks for online multi - object tracking ; the main challenge of online multi - object tracking is to reliably associate object trajectories with detections in each video frame based on their tracking history . in this work , we propose the recurrent autoregressive network ( ran ), a temporal generative modeling framework to characterize the appearance and motion dynamics of multiple objects over time . the ran couples an external memory and an internal memory . the external memory explici ←
→ extending classical logic with inductive definitions ; the goal of this paper is to extend classical logic with a generalized notion of inductive definition supporting positive and negative induction , to investigate the properties of this logic , its relationships to other logics in the area of non - monotonic reasoning , logic programming and deductive databases , and to show its application for knowledge representation by giving a typology of definitional knowledge .←
→ a general theory for training learning machine ; though the deep learning is pushing the machine learning to a new stage , basic theories of machine learning are still limited . the principle of learning , the role of the a prior knowledge , the role of neuron bias , and the basis for choosing neural transfer function and cost function , etc ., are still far from clear . in this paper , we present a general theoretical framework for machine learning . we classify the prior knowledge into common and problem - dependent ←
→ distributed exploration in multi - armed bandits ; we study exploration in multi - armed bandits in a setting where $ k $ players collaborate in order to identify an $\ epsilon $- optimal arm . our motivation comes from recent employment of bandit algorithms in computationally intensive , large - scale applications . our results demonstrate a non - trivial tradeoff between the number of arm pulls required by each of the players , and the amount of communication between them . in particular , our main result shows that by allo ←
→ correlated signal inference by free energy exploration ; the inference of correlated signal fields with unknown correlation structures is of high scientific and technological relevance , but poses significant conceptual and numerical challenges . to address these , we develop the correlated signal inference ( csi ) algorithm within information field theory ( ift ) and discuss its numerical implementation . to this end , we introduce the free energy exploration ( free ) strategy for numerical information field theory (←
→ using a distributional semantic vector space with a knowledge base for reasoning in uncertain conditions ; the inherent inflexibility and incompleteness of commonsense knowledge bases ( kb ) has limited their usefulness . we describe a system called displacer for performing kb queries extended with the analogical capabilities of the word2vec distributional semantic vector space ( dsvs ). this allows the system to answer queries with information which was not contained in the original kb in any form . by perform ←
→ large - scale datasets : faces with partial occlusions and pose variations in the wild ; face detection methods have relied on face datasets for training . however , existing face datasets tend to be in small scales for face learning in both constrained and unconstrained environments . in this paper , we first introduce our large - scale image datasets , large - scale labeled face ( lslf ) and noisy large - scale labeled non - face ( lslnf ). our lslf dataset consists of a large number of unconstrained multi - view and partial ←
→ a quantum teleportation inspired algorithm produces sentence meaning from word meaning and grammatical structure ; we discuss an algorithm which produces the meaning of a sentence given meanings of its words , and its resemblance to quantum teleportation . in fact , this protocol was the main source of inspiration for this algorithm which has many applications in the area of natural language processing .←
→ evolving unipolar memristor spiking neural networks ; neuromorphic computing --- brainlike computing in hardware --- typically requires myriad cmos spiking neurons interconnected by a dense mesh of nanoscale plastic synapses . memristors are frequently citepd as strong synapse candidates due to their statefulness and potential for low - power implementations . to date , plentiful research has focused on the bipolar memristor synapse , which is capable of incremental weight alterations and can provide adaptive sel ←
→ linearized alternating direction method with parallel splitting and adaptive penalty for separable convex programs in machine learning ; many problems in machine learning and other fields can be ( re ) for - mulated as linearly constrained separable convex programs . in most of the cases , there are multiple blocks of variables . however , the traditional alternating direction method ( adm ) and its linearized version ( ladm , obtained by linearizing the quadratic penalty term ) are for the two - block case and cannot be ←
→ aspps --- an implementation of answer - set programming with propositional schemata ; we present an implementation of an answer - set programming paradigm , called aspps ( short for answer - set programming with propositional schemata ). the system aspps is designed to process ps + theories . it consists of two basic modules . the first module , psgrnd , grounds an ps + theory . the second module , referred to as aspps , is a solver . it computes models of ground ps + theories .←
→ fast stochastic hierarchical bayesian map for tomographic imaging ; any image recovery algorithm attempts to achieve the highest quality reconstruction in a timely manner . the former can be achieved in several ways , among which are by incorporating bayesian priors that exploit natural image tendencies to cue in on relevant phenomena . the hierarchical bayesian map ( hb - map ) is one such approach which is known to produce compelling results albeit at a substantial computational cost . we look to provide further ←
→ early text classification : a naive solution ; text classification is a widely studied problem , and it can be considered solved for some domains and under certain circumstances . there are scenarios , however , that have received little or no attention at all , despite its relevance and applicability . one of such scenarios is early text classification , where one needs to know the category of a document by using partial information only . a document is processed as a sequence of terms , and the goal is to devise a ←
→ ambiente de planejamento ipê ; in this work we investigate the systems that implements algorithms for the planning problem in artificial intelligence , called planners , with especial attention to the planners based on the plan graph . we analyze the problem of comparing the performance of the different algorithms and we propose an environment for the development and analysis of planners .←
→ unethical research : how to create a malevolent artificial intelligence ; cybersecurity research involves publishing papers about malicious exploits as much as publishing information on how to design tools to protect cyber - infrastructure . it is this information exchange between ethical hackers and security experts , which results in a well - balanced cyber - ecosystem . in the blooming domain of ai safety engineering , hundreds of papers have been published on different proposals geared at the creation of a safe ma ←
→ on training bi - directional neural network language model with noise contrastive estimation ; we propose to train bi - directional neural network language model ( nnlm ) with noise contrastive estimation ( nce ). experiments are conducted on a rescore task on the ptb data set . it is shown that nce - trained bi - directional nnlm outperformed the one trained by conventional maximum likelihood training . but still ( regretfully ), it did not out - perform the baseline uni - directional nnlm .←
→ prostate biopsy tracking with deformation estimation ; transrectal biopsies under 2d ultrasound ( us ) control are the current clinical standard for prostate cancer diagnosis . the isoechogenic nature of prostate carcinoma makes it necessary to sample the gland systematically , resulting in a low sensitivity . also , it is difficult for the clinician to follow the sampling protocol accurately under 2d us control and the exact anatomical location of the biopsy cores is unknown after the intervention . tracking syst ←
→ distributed matrix completion and robust factorization ; if learning methods are to scale to the massive sizes of modern datasets , it is essential for the field of machine learning to embrace parallel and distributed computing . inspired by the recent development of matrix factorization methods with rich theory but poor computational complexity and by the relative ease of mapping matrices onto distributed architectures , we introduce a scalable divide - and - conquer framework for noisy matrix factorization . we p ←
→ the configurable sat solver challenge ( cssc ) ; it is well known that different solution strategies work well for different types of instances of hard combinatorial problems . as a consequence , most solvers for the propositional satisfiability problem ( sat ) expose parameters that allow them to be customized to a particular family of instances . in the international sat competition series , these parameters are ignored : solvers are run using a single default parameter setting ( supplied by the authors ) for all be ←
→ a unified approach to interpreting model predictions ; understanding why a model makes a certain prediction can be as crucial as the prediction ' s accuracy in many applications . however , the highest accuracy for large modern datasets is often achieved by complex models that even experts struggle to interpret , such as ensemble or deep learning models , creating a tension between accuracy and interpretability . in response , various methods have recently been proposed to help users interpret the predictions of co ←
→ learning discriminative bayesian networks from high - dimensional continuous neuroimaging data ; due to its causal semantics , bayesian networks ( bn ) have been widely employed to discover the underlying data relationship in exploratory studies , such as brain research . despite its success in modeling the probability distribution of variables , bn is naturally a generative model , which is not necessarily discriminative . this may cause the ignorance of subtle but critical network changes that are of investigatio ←
→ fast meta - learning for adaptive hierarchical classifier design ; we propose a new splitting criterion for a meta - learning approach to multiclass classifier design that adaptively merges the classes into a tree - structured hierarchy of increasingly difficult binary classification problems . the classification tree is constructed from empirical estimates of the henze - penrose bounds on the pairwise bayes misclassification rates that rank the binary subproblems in terms of difficulty of classification . the propos ←
→ morphological inflection generation using character sequence to sequence learning ; morphological inflection generation is the task of generating the inflected form of a given lemma corresponding to a particular linguistic transformation . we model the problem of inflection generation as a character sequence to sequence learning problem and present a variant of the neural encoder - decoder model for solving it . our model is language independent and can be trained in both supervised and semi - supervised settin ←
→ reducing the arity in unbiased black - box complexity ; we show that for all $ 1 < k \ leq \ log n $ the $ k $- ary unbiased black - box complexity of the $ n $- dimensional $\ onemax $ function class is $ o ( n / k )$. this indicates that the power of higher arity operators is much stronger than what the previous $ o ( n /\ log k )$ bound by doerr et al . ( faster black - box algorithms through higher arity operators , proc . of foga 2011 , pp . 163 -- 172 , acm , 2011 ) suggests . the key to this result is an encoding strategy , which might be of ←
→ empirical risk minimization under fairness constraints ; we address the problem of algorithmic fairness : ensuring that sensitive variables do not unfairly influence the outcome of a classifier . we present an approach based on empirical risk minimization , which incorporates a fairness constraint into the learning problem . it encourages the conditional risk of the learned classifier to be approximately constant with respect to the sensitive variable . we derive both risk and fairness bounds that support the st ←
→ convolutional neural networks for medical image analysis : full training or fine tuning ? ; training a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) from scratch is difficult because it requires a large amount of labeled training data and a great deal of expertise to ensure proper convergence . a promising alternative is to fine - tune a cnn that has been pre - trained using , for instance , a large set of labeled natural images . however , the substantial differences between natural and medical images may advise against ←
→ toward a market model for bayesian inference ; we present a methodology for representing probabilistic relationships in a general - equilibrium economic model . specifically , we define a precise mapping from a bayesian network with binary nodes to a market price system where consumers and producers trade in uncertain propositions . we demonstrate the correspondence between the equilibrium prices of goods in this economy and the probabilities represented by the bayesian network . a computational market model such ←
→ from the decoding of cortical activities to the control of a jaco robotic arm : a whole processing chain ; this paper presents a complete processing chain for decoding intracranial data recorded in the cortex of a monkey and replicates the associated movements on a jaco robotic arm by kinova . we developed specific modules inside the openvibe platform in order to build a brain - machine interface able to read the data , compute the position of the robotic finger and send this position to the robotic arm . more ←
→ benchmarking sentiment analysis methods for large - scale texts : a case for using continuum - scored words and word shift graphs ; the emergence and global adoption of social media has rendered possible the real - time estimation of population - scale sentiment , bearing profound implications for our understanding of human behavior . given the growing assortment of sentiment measuring instruments , comparisons between them are evidently required . here , we perform detailed tests of 6 dictionary - based methods applied ←
→ soft computing approaches on the bandwidth problem ; the matrix bandwidth minimization problem ( mbmp ) seeks for a simultaneous reordering of the rows and the columns of a square matrix such that the nonzero entries are collected within a band of small width close to the main diagonal . the mbmp is a np - complete problem , with applications in many scientific domains , linear systems , artificial intelligence , and real - life situations in industry , logistics , information recovery . the complex problems are hard to ←
→ deep feature learning for graphs ; this paper presents a general graph representation learning framework called deepgl for learning deep node and edge representations from large ( attributed ) graphs . in particular , deepgl begins by deriving a set of base features ( e . g ., graphlet features ) and automatically learns a multi - layered hierarchical graph representation where each successive layer leverages the output from the previous layer to learn features of a higher - order . contrary to previous work , deepgl lear ←
→ dimensionality reduction for stationary time series via stochastic nonconvex optimization ; stochastic optimization naturally arises in machine learning . efficient algorithms with provable guarantees , however , are still largely missing , when the objective function is nonconvex and the data points are dependent . this paper studies this fundamental challenge through a streaming pca problem for stationary time series data . specifically , our goal is to estimate the principle component of time series data with ←
→ a fast greedy algorithm for outlier mining ; the task of outlier detection is to find small groups of data objects that are exceptional when compared with rest large amount of data . in [ 38 ], the problem of outlier detection in categorical data is defined as an optimization problem and a local - search heuristic based algorithm ( lsa ) is presented . however , as is the case with most iterative type algorithms , the lsa algorithm is still very time - consuming on very large datasets . in this paper , we present a very ←
→ tight regret bounds for stochastic combinatorial semi - bandits ; a stochastic combinatorial semi - bandit is an online learning problem where at each step a learning agent chooses a subset of ground items subject to constraints , and then observes stochastic weights of these items and receives their sum as a payoff . in this paper , we close the problem of computationally and sample efficient learning in stochastic combinatorial semi - bandits . in particular , we analyze a ucb - like algorithm for solving the problem ,←
→ contextual decision processes with low bellman rank are pac - learnable ; this paper studies systematic exploration for reinforcement learning with rich observations and function approximation . we introduce a new model called contextual decision processes , that unifies and generalizes most prior settings . our first contribution is a complexity measure , the bellman rank , that we show enables tractable learning of near - optimal behavior in these processes and is naturally small for many well - studied reinforcemen ←
→ causality and responsibility for formal verification and beyond ; the theory of actual causality , defined by halpern and pearl , and its quantitative measure - the degree of responsibility - was shown to be extremely useful in various areas of computer science due to a good match between the results it produces and our intuition . in this paper , i describe the applications of causality to formal verification , namely , explanation of counterexamples , refinement of coverage metrics , and symbolic trajectory evalu ←
→ analysis of a chaotic spiking neural model : the nds neuron ; further analysis and experimentation is carried out in this paper for a chaotic dynamic model , viz . the nonlinear dynamic state neuron ( nds ). the analysis and experimentations are performed to further understand the underlying dynamics of the model and enhance it as well . chaos provides many interesting properties that can be exploited to achieve computational tasks . such properties are sensitivity to initial conditions , space filling , control and ←
→ comparative analysis of probabilistic models for activity recognition with an instrumented walker ; rollating walkers are popular mobility aids used by older adults to improve balance control . there is a need to automatically recognize the activities performed by walker users to better understand activity patterns , mobility issues and the context in which falls are more likely to happen . we design and compare several techniques to recognize walker related activities . a comprehensive evaluation with contro ←
→ characterization of neighborhood behaviours in a multi - neighborhood local search algorithm ; we consider a multi - neighborhood local search algorithm with a large number of possible neighborhoods . each neighborhood is accompanied by a weight value which represents the probability of being chosen at each iteration . these weights are fixed before the algorithm runs , and are considered as parameters of the algorithm . given a set of instances , off - line tuning of the algorithm ' s parameters can be done by automa ←
→ automata guided hierarchical reinforcement learning for zero - shot skill composition ; an obstacle that prevents the wide adoption of ( deep ) reinforcement learning ( rl ) in control systems is its need for a large amount of interactions with the environ - ment in order to master a skill . the learned skill usually generalizes poorly across domains and re - training is often necessary when presented with a new task . we present a framework that combines methods in formal methods with hierarchi - cal reinforcement l ←
→ solution of the decision making problems using fuzzy soft relations ; the fuzzy modeling has been applied in a wide variety of fields such as engineering and management sciences and social sciences to solve a number decision making problems which involve impreciseness , uncertainty and vagueness in data . in particular , applications of this modeling technique in decision making problems have remarkable significance . these problems have been tackled using various theories such as probability theory , fuzzy set ←
→ near maximum likelihood decoding with deep learning ; a novel and efficient neural decoder algorithm is proposed . the proposed decoder is based on the neural belief propagation algorithm and the automorphism group . by combining neural belief propagation with permutations from the automorphism group we achieve near maximum likelihood performance for high density parity check codes . moreover , the proposed decoder significantly improves the decoding complexity , compared to our earlier work on the topic . we als ←
→ speech recognition : keyword spotting through image recognition ; the problem of identifying voice commands has always been a challenge due to the presence of noise and variability in speed , pitch , etc . we will compare the efficacies of several neural network architectures for the speech recognition problem . in particular , we will build a model to determine whether a one second audio clip contains a particular word ( out of a set of 10 ), an unknown word , or silence . the models to be implemented are a cnn reco ←
→ two decades of local binary patterns : a survey ; texture is an important characteristic for many types of images . in recent years very discriminative and computationally efficient local texture descriptors based on local binary patterns ( lbp ) have been developed , which has led to significant progress in applying texture methods to different problems and applications . due to this progress , the division between texture descriptors and more generic image or video descriptors has been disappearing . a large numb ←
→ qualitative analysis of correspondence for experimental algorithmics ; correspondence identifies relationships among objects via similarities among their components ; it is ubiquitous in the analysis of spatial datasets , including images , weather maps , and computational simulations . this paper develops a novel multi - level mechanism for qualitative analysis of correspondence . operators leverage domain knowledge to establish correspondence , evaluate implications for model selection , and leverage identified wea ←
→ deep learning sparse ternary projections for compressed sensing of images ; compressed sensing ( cs ) is a sampling theory that allows reconstruction of sparse ( or compressible ) signals from an incomplete number of measurements , using of a sensing mechanism implemented by an appropriate projection matrix . the cs theory is based on random gaussian projection matrices , which satisfy recovery guarantees with high probability ; however , sparse ternary { 0 , - 1 , + 1 } projections are more suitable for hardware implem ←
→ probabilistic latent tensor factorization model for link pattern prediction in multi - relational networks ; this paper aims at the problem of link pattern prediction in collections of objects connected by multiple relation types , where each type may play a distinct role . while common link analysis models are limited to single - type link prediction , we attempt here to capture the correlations among different relation types and reveal the impact of various relation types on performance quality . for that , we d ←
→" found in translation ": predicting outcomes of complex organic chemistry reactions using neural sequence - to - sequence models ; there is an intuitive analogy of an organic chemist ' s understanding of a compound and a language speaker ' s understanding of a word . consequently , it is possible to introduce the basic concepts and analyze potential impacts of linguistic analysis to the world of organic chemistry . in this work , we cast the reaction prediction task as a translation problem by introducing a template - f ←
→ ocr of historical printings with an application to building diachronic corpora : a case study using the ridges herbal corpus ; this article describes the results of a case study that applies neural network - based optical character recognition ( ocr ) to scanned images of books printed between 1487 and 1870 by training the ocr engine ocropus [@ breuel2013high ] on the ridges herbal text corpus [@ odebrechtetalsubmitted ]. training specific ocr models was possible because the necessary * ground truth * is available a ←
→ a factorized model for transitive verbs in compositional distributional semantics ; we present a factorized compositional distributional semantics model for the representation of transitive verb constructions . our model first produces ( subject , verb ) and ( verb , object ) vector representations based on the similarity of the nouns in the construction to each of the nouns in the vocabulary and the tendency of these nouns to take the subject and object roles of the verb . these vectors are then combined into a ←
→ exploring algorithmic limits of matrix rank minimization under affine constraints ; many applications require recovering a matrix of minimal rank within an affine constraint set , with matrix completion a notable special case . because the problem is np - hard in general , it is common to replace the matrix rank with the nuclear norm , which acts as a convenient convex surrogate . while elegant theoretical conditions elucidate when this replacement is likely to be successful , they are highly restrictive and conv ←
→ front - to - end bidirectional heuristic search with near - optimal node expansions ; it is well - known that any admissible unidirectional heuristic search algorithm must expand all states whose $ f $- value is smaller than the optimal solution cost when using a consistent heuristic . such states are called " surely expanded " ( s . e .). a recent study characterized s . e . pairs of states for bidirectional search with consistent heuristics : if a pair of states is s . e . then at least one of the two states must be expanded . t ←
→ on the representation and embedding of knowledge bases beyond binary relations ; the models developed to date for knowledge base embedding are all based on the assumption that the relations contained in knowledge bases are binary . for the training and testing of these embedding models , multi - fold ( or n - ary ) relational data are converted to triples ( e . g ., in fb15k dataset ) and interpreted as instances of binary relations . this paper presents a canonical representation of knowledge bases containing multi - fo ←
→ every smile is unique : landmark - guided diverse smile generation ; each smile is unique : one person surely smiles in different ways ( e . g ., closing / opening the eyes or mouth ). given one input image of a neutral face , can we generate multiple smile videos with distinctive characteristics ? to tackle this one - to - many video generation problem , we propose a novel deep learning architecture named conditional multi - mode network ( cmm - net ). to better encode the dynamics of facial expressions , cmm - net explicitly exploi ←
→ sparse learning of maximum likelihood model for optimization of complex loss function ; traditional machine learning methods usually minimize a simple loss function to learn a predictive model , and then use a complex performance measure to measure the prediction performance . however , minimizing a simple loss function cannot guarantee that an optimal performance . in this paper , we study the problem of optimizing the complex performance measure directly to obtain a predictive model . we proposed to construct ←
→ scalable multi - class gaussian process classification using expectation propagation ; this paper describes an expectation propagation ( ep ) method for multi - class classification with gaussian processes that scales well to very large datasets . in such a method the estimate of the log - marginal - likelihood involves a sum across the data instances . this enables efficient training using stochastic gradients and mini - batches . when this type of training is used , the computational cost does not depend on the number ←
→ soil data analysis using classification techniques and soil attribute prediction ; agricultural research has been profited by technical advances such as automation , data mining . today , data mining is used in a vast areas and many off - the - shelf data mining system products and domain specific data mining application soft wares are available , but data mining in agricultural soil datasets is a relatively a young research field . the large amounts of data that are nowadays virtually harvested along with the cro ←
→ not as easy as it seems : automating the construction of lexical chains using roget ' s thesaurus ; morris and hirst present a method of linking significant words that are about the same topic . the resulting lexical chains are a means of identifying cohesive regions in a text , with applications in many natural language processing tasks , including text summarization . the first lexical chains were constructed manually using roget ' s international thesaurus . morris and hirst wrote that automation would be straig ←
→ roomnet : end - to - end room layout estimation ; this paper focuses on the task of room layout estimation from a monocular rgb image . prior works break the problem into two sub - tasks : semantic segmentation of floor , walls , ceiling to produce layout hypotheses , followed by an iterative optimization step to rank these hypotheses . in contrast , we adopt a more direct formulation of this problem as one of estimating an ordered set of room layout keypoints . the room layout and the corresponding segmentation is comple ←
→ cooperative training of descriptor and generator networks ; this paper studies the cooperative training of two probabilistic models of signals such as images . both models are parametrized by convolutional neural networks ( convnets ). the first network is a descriptor network , which is an exponential family model or an energy - based model , whose feature statistics or energy function are defined by a bottom - up convnet , which maps the observed signal to the feature statistics . the second network is a generator n ←
→ pymanopt : a python toolbox for optimization on manifolds using automatic differentiation ; optimization on manifolds is a class of methods for optimization of an objective function , subject to constraints which are smooth , in the sense that the set of points which satisfy the constraints admits the structure of a differentiable manifold . while many optimization problems are of the described form , technicalities of differential geometry and the laborious calculation of derivatives pose a significant barrie ←
→ intelligence quotient and intelligence grade of artificial intelligence ; although artificial intelligence is currently one of the most interesting areas in scientific research , the potential threats posed by emerging ai systems remain a source of persistent controversy . to address the issue of ai threat , this study proposes a standard intelligence model that unifies ai and human characteristics in terms of four aspects of knowledge , i . e ., input , output , mastery , and creation . using this model , we observe t ←
→ improving pointwise mutual information ( pmi ) by incorporating significant co - occurrence ; we design a new co - occurrence based word association measure by incorporating the concept of significant cooccurrence in the popular word association measure pointwise mutual information ( pmi ). by extensive experiments with a large number of publicly available datasets we show that the newly introduced measure performs better than other co - occurrence based measures and despite being resource - light , compares well with ←
→ zero shot recognition with unreliable attributes ; in principle , zero - shot learning makes it possible to train a recognition model simply by specifying the category ' s attributes . for example , with classifiers for generic attributes like \ emph { striped } and \ emph { four - legged }, one can construct a classifier for the zebra category by enumerating which properties it possesses --- even without providing zebra training images . in practice , however , the standard zero - shot paradigm suffers because attribute predictio ←
→ time - series scenario forecasting ; many applications require the ability to judge uncertainty of time - series forecasts . uncertainty is often specified as point - wise error bars around a mean or median forecast . due to temporal dependencies , such a method obscures some information . we would ideally have a way to query the posterior probability of the entire time - series given the predictive variables , or at a minimum , be able to draw samples from this distribution . we use a bayesian dictionary learning algorit ←
→ phoneme recognition using acoustic events ; this paper presents a new approach to phoneme recognition using nonsequential sub -- phoneme units . these units are called acoustic events and are phonologically meaningful as well as recognizable from speech signals . acoustic events form a phonologically incomplete representation as compared to distinctive features . this problem may partly be overcome by incorporating phonological constraints . currently , 24 binary events describing manner and place of articulation ,←
→ a novel model - based heuristic for energy optimal motion planning for automated driving ; predictive motion planning is the key to achieve energy - efficient driving , which is one of the main benefits of automated driving . researchers have been studying the planning of velocity trajectories , a simpler form of motion planning , for over a decade now and many different methods are available . dynamic programming has shown to be the most common choice due to its numerical background and ability to include nonline ←
→ lacboost and fisherboost : optimally building cascade classifiers ; object detection is one of the key tasks in computer vision . the cascade framework of viola and jones has become the de facto standard . a classifier in each node of the cascade is required to achieve extremely high detection rates , instead of low overall classification error . although there are a few reported methods addressing this requirement in the context of object detection , there is no a principled feature selection method that explici ←
→ predicting 1p19q chromosomal deletion of low - grade gliomas from mr images using deep learning ; objective : several studies have associated codeletion of chromosome arms 1p / 19q in low - grade gliomas ( lgg ) with positive response to treatment and longer progression free survival . therefore , predicting 1p / 19q status is crucial for effective treatment planning of lgg . in this study , we predict the 1p / 19q status from mr images using convolutional neural networks ( cnn ), which could be a noninvasive alternative to ←
→ pril : perceptron ranking using interval labeled data ; in this paper , we propose an online learning algorithm pril for learning ranking classifiers using interval labeled data and show its correctness . we show its convergence in finite number of steps if there exists an ideal classifier such that the rank given by it for an example always lies in its label interval . we then generalize this mistake bound result for the general case . we also provide regret bound for the proposed algorithm . we propose a multip ←
→ the complexity of normal form rewrite sequences for associativity ; the complexity of a particular term - rewrite system is considered : the rule of associativity ( x * y )* z --> x *( y * z ). algorithms and exact calculations are given for the longest and shortest sequences of applications of --> that result in normal form ( nf ). the shortest nf sequence for a term x is always n - drm ( x ), where n is the number of occurrences of * in x and drm ( x ) is the depth of the rightmost leaf of x . the longest nf sequence for any ter ←
→ note : variational encoding of protein dynamics benefits from maximizing latent autocorrelation ; as deep variational auto - encoder ( vae ) frameworks become more widely used for modeling biomolecular simulation data , we emphasize the capability of the vae architecture to concurrently maximize the timescale of the latent space while inferring a reduced coordinate , which assists in finding slow processes as according to the variational approach to conformational dynamics . we additionally provide evidence that ←
→ deep joint entity disambiguation with local neural attention ; we propose a novel deep learning model for joint document - level entity disambiguation , which leverages learned neural representations . key components are entity embeddings , a neural attention mechanism over local context windows , and a differentiable joint inference stage for disambiguation . our approach thereby combines benefits of deep learning with more traditional approaches such as graphical models and probabilistic mention - entity maps . ext ←
→ extensible knowledge representation : the case of description reasoners ; this paper offers an approach to extensible knowledge representation and reasoning for a family of formalisms known as description logics . the approach is based on the notion of adding new concept constructors , and includes a heuristic methodology for specifying the desired extensions , as well as a modularized software architecture that supports implementing extensions . the architecture detailed here falls in the normalize - compared par ←
→ deep rewiring : training very sparse deep networks ; neuromorphic hardware tends to pose limits on the connectivity of deep networks that one can run on them . but also generic hardware and software implementations of deep learning run more efficiently for sparse networks . several methods exist for pruning connections of a neural network after it was trained without connectivity constraints . we present an algorithm , deep r , that enables us to train directly a sparsely connected neural network . deep r automati ←
→ a game - theoretic framework for classifier ensembles using weighted majority voting with local accuracy estimates ; in this paper , a novel approach for the optimal combination of binary classifiers is proposed . the classifier combination problem is approached from a game theory perspective . the proposed framework of adapted weighted majority rules ( wmr ) is tested against common rank - based , bayesian and simple majority models , as well as two soft - output averaging rules . experiments with ensembles of support ←
→ on cryptographic attacks using backdoors for sat ; propositional satisfiability ( sat ) is at the nucleus of state - of - the - art approaches to a variety of computationally hard problems , one of which is cryptanalysis . moreover , a number of practical applications of sat can only be tackled efficiently by identifying and exploiting a subset of formula ' s variables called backdoor set ( or simply backdoors ). this paper proposes a new class of backdoor sets for sat used in the context of cryptographic attacks , namely ←
→ gradient boosting with piece - wise linear regression trees ; gradient boosting using decision trees as base learners , so called gradient boosted decision trees ( gbdt ), is a very successful ensemble learning algorithm widely used across a variety of applications . recently , various gdbt construction algorithms and implementation have been designed and heavily optimized in some very popular open sourced toolkits such as xgboost and lightgbm . in this paper , we show that both the accuracy and efficiency of gbdt c ←
→ identifying outliers in large matrices via randomized adaptive compressive sampling ; this paper examines the problem of locating outlier columns in a large , otherwise low - rank , matrix . we propose a simple two - step adaptive sensing and inference approach and establish theoretical guarantees for its performance ; our results show that accurate outlier identification is achievable using very few linear summaries of the original data matrix -- as few as the squared rank of the low - rank component plus the numb ←
→ deep image prior ; deep convolutional networks have become a popular tool for image generation and restoration . generally , their excellent performance is imputed to their ability to learn realistic image priors from a large number of example images . in this paper , we show that , on the contrary , the structure of a generator network is sufficient to capture a great deal of low - level image statistics prior to any learning . in order to do so , we show that a randomly - initialized neural network can be used as a h ←
→ density estimation using real nvp ; unsupervised learning of probabilistic models is a central yet challenging problem in machine learning . specifically , designing models with tractable learning , sampling , inference and evaluation is crucial in solving this task . we extend the space of such models using real - valued non - volume preserving ( real nvp ) transformations , a set of powerful invertible and learnable transformations , resulting in an unsupervised learning algorithm with exact log - likelihood computation ←
→ inverting visual representations with convolutional networks ; feature representations , both hand - designed and learned ones , are often hard to analyze and interpret , even when they are extracted from visual data . we propose a new approach to study image representations by inverting them with an up - convolutional neural network . we apply the method to shallow representations ( hog , sift , lbp ), as well as to deep networks . for shallow representations our approach provides significantly better reconstructions th ←
→ glitch classification and clustering for ligo with deep transfer learning ; the detection of gravitational waves with ligo and virgo requires a detailed understanding of the response of these instruments in the presence of environmental and instrumental noise . of particular interest is the study of anomalous non - gaussian noise transients known as glitches , since their high occurrence rate in ligo / virgo data can obscure or even mimic true gravitational wave signals . therefore , successfully identifying and ←
→ marginalization in composed probabilistic models ; composition of low - dimensional distributions , whose foundations were laid in the papaer published in the proceeding of uai ' 97 ( jirousek 1997 ), appeared to be an alternative apparatus to describe multidimensional probabilistic models . in contrast to graphical markov models , which define multidomensinoal distributions in a declarative way , this approach is rather procedural . ordering of low - dimensional distributions into a proper sequence fully defines the re ←
→ putting a bug in ml : the moth olfactory network learns to read mnist ; we seek to ( i ) characterize the learning architectures exploited in biological neural networks for training on very few samples , and ( ii ) port these algorithmic structures to a machine learning context . the moth olfactory network is among the simplest biological neural systems that can learn , and its architecture includes key structural elements widespread in biological neural nets , such as cascaded networks , competitive inhibition , high ←
→ direct estimation of regional wall thicknesses via residual recurrent neural network ; accurate estimation of regional wall thicknesses ( rwt ) of left ventricular ( lv ) myocardium from cardiac mr sequences is of significant importance for identification and diagnosis of cardiac disease . existing rwt estimation still relies on segmentation of lv myocardium , which requires strong prior information and user interaction . no work has been devoted into direct estimation of rwt from cardiac mr images due to the di ←
→ local word vectors guiding keyphrase extraction ; automated keyphrase extraction is a fundamental textual information processing task concerned with the selection of representative phrases from a document that summarize its content . this work presents a novel unsupervised method for keyphrase extraction , whose main innovation is the use of local word embeddings ( in particular glove vectors ), i . e . embeddings trained from the single document under consideration . we argue that such local representation of word ←
→ a comprehensive performance evaluation of deformable face tracking " in - the - wild " ; recently , technologies such as face detection , facial landmark localisation and face recognition and verification have matured enough to provide effective and efficient solutions for imagery captured under arbitrary conditions ( referred to as " in - the - wild "). this is partially attributed to the fact that comprehensive " in - the - wild " benchmarks have been developed for face detection , landmark localisation and recognition / verif ←
→ leading strategies in competitive on - line prediction ; we start from a simple asymptotic result for the problem of on - line regression with the quadratic loss function : the class of continuous limited - memory prediction strategies admits a " leading prediction strategy ", which not only asymptotically performs at least as well as any continuous limited - memory strategy but also satisfies the property that the excess loss of any continuous limited - memory strategy is determined by how closely it imitates the leadi ←
→ old content and modern tools - searching named entities in a finnish ocred historical newspaper collection 1771 - 1910 ; named entity recognition ( ner ), search , classification and tagging of names and name like frequent informational elements in texts , has become a standard information extraction procedure for textual data . ner has been applied to many types of texts and different types of entities : newspapers , fiction , historical records , persons , locations , chemical compounds , protein families , animals et ←
→ short - term prediction of localized cloud motion using ground - based sky imagers ; fine - scale short - term cloud motion prediction is needed for several applications , including solar energy generation and satellite communications . in tropical regions such as singapore , clouds are mostly formed by convection ; they are very localized , and evolve quickly . we capture hemispherical images of the sky at regular intervals of time using ground - based cameras . they provide a high resolution and localized cloud images . ←
→ finding differentially covarying needles in a temporally evolving haystack : a scan statistics perspective ; recent results in coupled or temporal graphical models offer schemes for estimating the relationship structure between features when the data come from related ( but distinct ) longitudinal sources . a novel application of these ideas is for analyzing group - level differences , i . e ., in identifying if trends of estimated objects ( e . g ., covariance or precision matrices ) are different across disparate cond ←
→ efficient open world reasoning for planning ; we consider the problem of reasoning and planning with incomplete knowledge and deterministic actions . we introduce a knowledge representation scheme called psiplan that can effectively represent incompleteness of an agent ' s knowledge while allowing for sound , complete and tractable entailment in domains where the set of all objects is either unknown or infinite . we present a procedure for state update resulting from taking an action in psiplan that is correct , ←
→ the predictability of letters in written english ; we show that the predictability of letters in written english texts depends strongly on their position in the word . the first letters are usually the least easy to predict . this agrees with the intuitive notion that words are well defined subunits in written languages , with much weaker correlations across these units than within them . it implies that the average entropy of a letter deep inside a word is roughly 4 times smaller than the entropy of the first ←
→ a linear shift invariant multiscale transform ; this paper presents a multiscale decomposition algorithm . unlike standard wavelet transforms , the proposed operator is both linear and shift invariant . the central idea is to obtain shift invariance by averaging the aligned wavelet transform projections over all circular shifts of the signal . it is shown how the same transform can be obtained by a linear filter bank .←
→ artificial intelligence ( ai ) methods in optical networks : a comprehensive survey ; artificial intelligence ( ai ) is an extensive scientific discipline which enables computer systems to solve problems by emulating complex biological processes such as learning , reasoning and self - correction . this paper presents a comprehensive review of the application of ai techniques for improving performance of optical communication systems and networks . the use of ai - based techniques is first studied in applications rela ←
→ a self - adaptive proposal model for temporal action detection based on reinforcement learning ; existing action detection algorithms usually generate action proposals through an extensive search over the video at multiple temporal scales , which brings about huge computational overhead and deviates from the human perception procedure . we argue that the process of detecting actions should be naturally one of observation and refinement : observe the current window and refine the span of attended window to cove ←
→ risk - sensitive and robust decision - making : a cvar optimization approach ; in this paper we address the problem of decision making within a markov decision process ( mdp ) framework where risk and modeling errors are taken into account . our approach is to minimize a risk - sensitive conditional - value - at - risk ( cvar ) objective , as opposed to a standard risk - neutral expectation . we refer to such problem as cvar mdp . our first contribution is to show that a cvar objective , besides capturing risk sensitivity , has an ←
→ time series classification by class - specific mahalanobis distance measures ; to classify time series by nearest neighbors , we need to specify or learn one or several distance measures . we consider variations of the mahalanobis distance measures which rely on the inverse covariance matrix of the data . unfortunately --- for time series data --- the covariance matrix has often low rank . to alleviate this problem we can either use a pseudoinverse , covariance shrinking or limit the matrix to its diagonal . we r ←
→ on lyapunov exponents and adversarial perturbation ; in this paper , we would like to disseminate a serendipitous discovery involving lyapunov exponents of a 1 - d time series and their use in serving as a filtering defense tool against a specific kind of deep adversarial perturbation . to this end , we use the state - of - the - art cleverhans library to generate adversarial perturbations against a standard convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architecture trained on the mnist as well as the fashion - mnist datasets . we ←
→ disjoint multi - task learning between heterogeneous human - centric tasks ; human behavior understanding is arguably one of the most important mid - level components in artificial intelligence . in order to efficiently make use of data , multi - task learning has been studied in diverse computer vision tasks including human behavior understanding . however , multi - task learning relies on task specific datasets and constructing such datasets can be cumbersome . it requires huge amounts of data , labeling efforts , statist ←